The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years . Currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 , according to figures obtained by News Corp. . Tamworth , 403 km north of Sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 - with Bathurst , 200 km west of Sydney , a close second at 3075 . Currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist in New South Wales compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 . Pictured : NSW police busted an illegal firearm operation in the Casino and Lismore areas last month . Both suburbs saw an increase of almost 500 guns in their areas over the last five years . Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki -LRB- pictured -RRB- said US 's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase . Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said the United State 's popular national gun laws , and the country 's influence on Australia through popular culture , was likely to be driving the increase in licence holders in the state . ` There is an element in the community who are swayed by the US culture that guns are a right rather than a privilege , ' Supt Plotecki told News Corp. . ` Generally speaking however Australians do n't have a strong gun culture and recent strong reaction against relaxing our gun ownership laws is indicative of this - Australians do n't want lax gun laws ' . He added that there did not appear to have been an increase in gun related crime that related to the increase in licences . Although the figures revealed that each person with a licence owns an average of 2.3 guns each , the Firearm Registry 's regulations suggest it 's not easy to acquire a licence . Each request must include a ` genuine reason ' , proved through supporting evidence , with each reason in turn holding restrictions on the type of gun that can be owned . Sport , recreational hunting , rural occupation , firearms collection and animal welfare are all listed as ` genuine reasons ' . Tamworth , 403 km north of Sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 - with Bathurst , 200 km west of Sydney , a close second at 3075 . Pictured : NSW police seized this gun , amongst many more , during a drug bust in western Sydney in January .