A young Star Wars fan , who wrote a heartwarming note to the movies ' creator George Lucas asking whether he would allow Jedi Knights to marry in the future , was elated to receive a reply granting his request . Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric , an aspiring Jedi Knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry , as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead Jedis to the ` dark side ' . Desperate for a solution , Colin , who has autism , went directly to the man in charge : Star Wars director and writer Mr Lucas . Plea by post : Seven-year-old aspiring Jedi Colin sent a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans the Knights from marrying . As character Anakin Skywalker 's marriage to Princess Amidala led him to become a villain - and lord of the malevolent Sith Order , Darth Vader - Colin wanted to avoid the same fate , and pleaded with the Star Wars creator to make a change to the rules . ` With Colin , he was obsessing about it , ' Colin 's mother Peggy Gilpatric told Inside Edition : ` Finally , I was like , you know what , write to George Lucas and tell him how you feel and that 's all that you can do . ' ` Dear George Lucas , ' Colin wrote in his letter . ` I do n't like that a Jedi can not get married . I want to get married without becoming a Sith . Please change the rule . ` P.S. I want to come to Skywalker Ranch please , Love Colin . ' Soon enough , a package from Lucasfilm arrived for Colin in the mail , and his mother Peggy was on hand to film him opening it up . The letter : Colin , desperate not to end up like Anakin Skywalker - aka Darth Vader - in the film series , made his case to the Star Wars creator . The big reveal : Colin 's mother filmed her son 's ecstatic response as he realizes the package contains a plethora of Star Wars merchandise . In the video , Colin is ecstatic to find a stash of Star Wars goodies in the bag , including books and toys , accompanied by a letter addressing his question . ` It sounds like the Force is strong with you , and you are showing great wisdom by asking your question , ' it said . ` To be a Jedi is to truly know the value of friendship , of compassion , and of loyalty , and these are values important in a marriage . The Sith think inward , only of themselves . ` When you find someone that you can connect to in a selfless way , then you are on the path of the light , and the dark side will not take hold of you . With this goodness in your heart , you can be married . ' The letter was signed ` Your friends at Lucasfilm ' . ` The Force is strong with me ! ' : Colin is elated to have his question answered . Quite the response : Lucasfilm sent this letter to seven-year-old Colin to ease his mind about one day being able to get married . In the video showing Colin reading the letter for the first time , the young fan is delighted to say the least , exclaiming : ` I can get married ? No way ! ' According to Colin 's mother , the obsession with Star Wars has been a godsend for her son , who , as a result of his autism , struggles to share his emotions . ` A lot of autistic kids have a hard time understand processing emotions and the entire Star Wars universe has helped us that way , ` she told Inside Edition . ` It 's very black and white . There 's a dark side and good side . ` It helped open up a dialogue about it feelings and emotions . There is a conception that some autistic kids do n't have emotions , but they do . It 's just finding the right outlet for them and the right way to express it . '