Manchester United have fought all season to try to secure a return to the Champions League , but six players shown the exit door at Old Trafford are in the competition 's final four . Last season 's disastrous campaign under David Moyes saw United miss out on Europe 's premier competition for the first time in 19 years , with Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez members of the failing squad . But those two - plus Cristiano Ronaldo , Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique - have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence from the competition . Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico . He is on loan from Manchester United . Patrice Evra was part of David Moyes ' failing side last season but he now plays for Italian side Juventus . Hernandez and Ronaldo combined for Real Madrid 's winner against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night , with the former only on loan and deemed surplus to requirements by Louis van Gaal who has instead relied on misfiring Radamel Falcao . Meanwhile , Tevez was leading the line for Juventus , with Evra at left back , in their 0-0 draw against Monaco that won a place in the last four . Pogba is out with a thigh injury but could return in the time for the semi-finals next month . Finally , Pique is enjoying one of the best seasons of his career at centre back for Barcelona and helped keep out Paris Saint-Germain 's fearsome attack that featured Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani on Tuesday night . Cristiano Ronaldo has gone from strength to strength since leaving United and is in the last four once again . Carlos Tevez went to Manchester City between his stints with United and Juventus , who beat Monaco . Whatever happens in the semi-finals , there will be at least one former Old Trafford representative at the Champions League final in Berlin 's Olympic Stadium on May 6 . United are on course for a return to Europe 's top table next season , with their position inside the Barclays Premier League 's top four looking fairly safe ahead of Liverpool who sit eight points behind . But for now , the Champions League semi-finals are the home of their former players , rather than their current ones . Gerard Pique spent time at United between two spells with Barcelona , and he is in the semi-finals with them . Paul Pogba was released by the Old Trafford club after spending his youth there and plays for Juve now .