Oskar Groening -LRB- pictured earlier in the hearing -RRB- is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted . An Auschwitz survivor who lost 49 family members in the Holocaust says the fact that a 93-year-old former guard at the death camp is on trial is more important than any punishment . Eva Pusztai-Fahidi , who lost her parents and sister , told the Lueneburg state court today that seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is ` a kind of satisfaction . ' The 89-year-old says she could never have imagined she would be testifying before a German court and that ` for me it 's not about the punishment ' , the DPA news agency reported . Her comments come after another Holocaust survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving Groening - known as the ` bookkeeper of death ' - and said he should not be prosecuted . Eva Mozes Kor , 81 , who publicly embraced Groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness , called for the trial to end . By doing so , she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany . Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces a possible three to 15 years if convicted . Prosecutors argue his role sorting prisoners ' stolen valuables , to which he admits , helped the death camp function . Mrs Kor made her comments during a television appearance on Sunday discussing the purpose of the trial . She argued that any Nazis still alive should instead come forward to speak publicly about what they did to help counter the threat of neo-Nazi Holocaust deniers in Germany . In response , her co-plaintiffs released a statement through their lawyers yesterday saying : ` Our clients would not comment here -- who better than a survivor of Auschwitz knows that everyone needs to find their own way to overcome their suffering -- if Mrs Kor did not repeatedly stage her ` forgiveness ' publicly . Scroll down for video . Embrace : Seventy years after Auschwitz was liberated , Eva Kor embraced former Nazi guard Oskar Groening . Survivor : Eva Kor spoke of how Josef Mengele stood over her bed and laughed when she was injected with a ` deadly germ ' Regret : Groening -LRB- pictured -RRB- described in chilling detail Wednesday how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then led directly into gas chambers . ` The subject of this criminal procedure is NOT that Mr Groening has done anything personally to Mrs Kor or any of the other co-plaintiffs . ` Whether it is Mrs Kor 's place to forgive Mr Groening 's participation in the murder of her relatives is up to everyone to decide for themselves . ` But if Mrs Kor says ` these prosecutions must stop ' then she should not have become a co-plaintiff . ' The statement added : ` We can not forgive Mr Groening his participation in the murder of our relatives and another 299,000 people -- especially since he feels free from any legal guilt . ` We want justice and we welcome the resolution that this trial brings . ' In court in Luneburg last Wednesday Mrs Kor detailed how she and her twin sister Miriam were forced to endure horrifying medical experiments at Auschwitz by Josef Mengele , known as the ` Angel of Death ' . She told the hearing how they evaded being gassed on arrival at the death camp thanks to Mengele 's twisted obsession with twins . He experimented on twins in a sickening attempt to develop genetic techniques for Hitler 's dream of creating a ` pure ' Aryan race . Mengele used 1,500 sets of twins in his experiments , and only an estimated 180 to 250 individuals survived . Despite her ordeal , Mrs Kor found the compassion to forgive her Nazi tormentors - and even unofficially adopted the grandson of SS commander Rudolf Hoess , who oversaw the murder of more than 1 million people at Auschwitz . Liberation : Auschwitz survivors during the first hours of the concentration camp 's liberation in January 1945 . Chilling : A sign over the Auschwitz camp reads ` Arbeit Macht Frei ' meaning ` Work makes you free ' She spoke after giving evidence against the former Nazi SS guard Groening for his alleged complicity in the murder of 300,000 Hungarian Jewish prisoners at the death camp in the summer of 1944 . As a qualified bookkeeper , it was his job to sort and store the Jews ' money that the Nazis kept . After giving evidence , she approached and embraced Groening , but added : ` My forgiveness does not absolve the perpetrator from taking responsibility for his actions . Neither does it diminish my need to know what happened there . ' She claims Groening was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted . Asked why she had hugged him , she said it had not been planned and added : ` I wanted to thank him for having some human decency in accepting responsibility for what he has done . ` I was always interested in meeting him face to face because I believe that there is a human interaction that I can not predict and no one else can predict . ' She added : ` I do n't forget what they have done to me . But I am not a poor person -- I am a victorious woman who has been able to rise above the pain and forgive the Nazis . ' Mrs Kor later tweeted : ` I met Oskar Groening , introduced myself reached to shake his hand-he grabbed my arm & fainted-I screamed 4 help . It was a strange reaction !! ' Both Mrs Kor 's parents and two older sisters were killed at the camp . In 1984 she founded the organization CANDLES -LRB- an acronym for ` Children of Auschwitz Nazi Deadly Lab Experiments Survivors ' -RRB- , through which she located 122 other living Mengele twins , as the experiment survivors came to be known .