An exotic animal owner from Ohio is campaigning for his bear and big cats to be returned after they were seized by the state in January . In total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger -LRB- part lion , part tiger -RRB- were taken from Kenny Hetrick 's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe ' . Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself . Apparently Hetrick has been heartbroken by the clampdown on his farm and the 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure , backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie does n't pose a threat . Scroll down for video . Feeling lost : Kenny Hetrick is campaigning for his tigers , leopards and bears to be returned after they were seized by the state in January . They have organized car washes and handed him envelopes stuffed with thousands of dollars to pay legal bills . Some spent the winter shoring up his cages with taller fences and netting , hoping the animals will return . ` He 's lost without them , ' said Josh Large , who lives four houses away . ` A lot of us are lost without them . ' Hetrick allowed anyone to visit at no charge , getting by with help from volunteers and donations of cash , as well as of deer and horse meat to feed his animals . He thought of himself as an educator , inviting scout troops and families to learn what they would n't hear at zoos . Flashback : In total six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger were taken from Hetrick 's farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit - here he is seen in 2014 with his pet bear . However , the 2011 incident mentioned earlier pushed Ohio to tighten regulations on ` private zoos ' . Owners are now required to have sturdy cages , background checks and insurance before receiving an annual permit . Since the beginning of last year , Ohio has issued permits to 54 exotic animal enthusiasts . Others gave up their animals or moved them out of state rather than make the changes . ` I know I did n't have everything done , but I thought they 'd work with me , ' said Hetrick , who acknowledged before his animals were taken that he could n't afford everything the state wanted . The agriculture department says that it tried , but that he never responded to letters sent over a span of two years with the permit application materials until last October , nine months after the deadline , when it gave him ten days to surrender his animals . State officials in January rejected his application for a permit , which includes a $ 1,000 fee , saying it submitted was too late . They also said state inspectors who visited the sanctuary outside Toledo last November discovered the tigers could stand on their housing and get dangerously near the top of their cages . The inspection noted there were unsecured padlocks and chains and not enough fencing around an enclosure holding a tiger and black leopard . ` If motivated , it would be very easy for either of those two animals to escape , ' said Melissa Simmerman , assistant state veterinarian . Hetrick , whose pickup truck has ` Tiger Man ' painted on the side , disputes those assertions . ` Nothing 's ever got loose . Not in almost 40 years , ' he said . ` Nobody 's ever been bit . Nobody 's been hurt . ' Empty : A sign affixed to a cage at Tiger Ridge Exotics in Stony Ridge , Ohio , indicates that it is the home of Cody the bear - Cody and 10 other exotic animals were seized by the state in January . Lonesome : Only Chief the wolf was n't seized because it does n't fall under the exotic animal law . The Ohio Department of Agriculture has a duty to protect the public 's safety , spokeswoman Erica Hawkins said . ` Just because an animal 's never gotten out , does n't mean that an animal could n't get out , ' she said . Hetrick is appealing the department 's rejection of his permit application and a hearing is scheduled for next week , but the fight will probably continue in court no matter what a state panel decides . Until then , the ten animals - a lion named Leo that had been in failing health was euthanized by the state last week - will remain a two-hour drive away outside Columbus , in a high-security building operated by the state . ` Today , the Ohio Department of Agriculture did the right thing by seizing the wild animals at Tiger Ridge Exotics who have been held illegally and long neglected . Now , it 's been reported that the animals will possibly have to endure the stress of being tranquilized again and moved back to the roadside zoo -- a potentially life-threatening move . This is a selfish stunt to prevent the animals from being sent to a sanctuary where they would finally receive the care that they so desperately need . PETA is calling on the facility to do the right thing and allow these animals to enjoy a peaceful life at a reputable sanctuary where their needs would come first . ' Source : Toledo News Now . Supporters of Hetrick believe the animals - only the wolf was n't seized because it does n't fall under the exotic animal law - have been mistreated and will not survive long outside their home . State officials insist they are fine . Hetrick does n't have formal training with wild animals , but he has been around them about 60 years , since he was a ten-year-old volunteer cleaning cages at a zoo in Tarpon Springs , Florida . His love for wild creatures grew when he moved to Ohio . He first brought home an ocelot , often called a dwarf leopard . ` I tell people do n't start with a tiger if you do n't know what you 're doing , ' he said . He and his wife , who died four years ago , spent much of the money he made as an auto worker and police officer on the animals . Even with donations , food alone for the tigers and others cost as much as $ 15,000 annually in recent years . Their collection multiplied , often when others dropped off unwanted pets . His daughter , Corrina Hetrick , remembers going out to catch the school bus only to find an alligator swimming in a kiddie pool . There also was the time a black panther showed up in the back of a pickup truck . ` I did n't have cats and dogs , ' she said . ` I had bears and tigers . ' Even the circus camped at his two-acre property while traveling between shows . ` We had elephants in the backyard and contortionists in the living room , ' she said . Erica Crawford , who has been visiting Hetrick 's animals since she was a little girl and now brings her children , said she appreciates the uniqueness of the place . ` There 's never been a time , ' she said , ` where I felt like it 's not safe there . '