The highly-anticipated Champions League quarter-final second leg clash between Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid took place on Wednesday but that did n't bother Jose Mourinho as he watched Fulham Under 21s lose to former club Porto . On the same night that Madrid knocked out rivals Atletico and Juventus overcame Monaco , Mourinho chose Fulham 's Motspur Park training ground to have his dose of live football . Joined by his son Jose Junior , who is on student terms with the Cottagers , the Chelsea manager was pitchside as Fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the Premier League International Cup semi-final clash . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s 3-0 defeat by Porto U21s on Wednesday . Mourinho avoided the Champions League fixtures as he visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior -LRB- left -RRB- . Fulham 's Liam Donnelley is dragged away by team mates after his red card against Porto . Patrick Roberts works his way past three Porto players . Moussa Dembele - who has made a number of appearances in the Championship - also played for the U21s . A Leandro Silva hat-trick earned Porto a 3-0 win over Fulham U21s but it could have been different story had Liam Donnelly not been sent off just before half-time . But Mourinho seemed in good spirits as he joked with Fulham goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli , whose son Marcus plays for the first-team at Craven Cottage and has been linked with a move to Chelsea . Chelsea crashed out of the Champions League in the the last 16 this season as they failed to overcome PSG , who were defeated by Barcelona on Tuesday . But it 's not all doom and gloom for the Blues as they close in on their first Premier League title since 2010 . With six games to play , Chelsea are 10 points above closest challengers Arsenal and two wins will bring the trophy back to Stamford Bridge . Chelsea travel to Arsenal on Sunday before they host Premier League strugglers Leicester . Leandro Silva scored a hat-trick for Porto to help them progress to the Premier League International Cup final . Silva celebrates with team-mates as his side Porto beat Fulham 3-0 . Real Madrid progressed to the Champions League semi-final with a 1-0 victory over Atletico Madrid . But Mourinho , whose side are closing in on the Premier League title , decided to miss the Madrid derby .