A Muslim cleric has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel , as he denounces the idea of marital rape as ` made up by European people ' . Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria claims that , according to the Prophet Mohammed , a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating , sick or just given birth . Her right to say no , he asserted , was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband . Outrageous : Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands - and claimed marital rape was ` made up ' by Europeans , so there was no need for Muslims to take any notice . Zakaria told Malay Mail Online : ` Even the Prophet says even when they 're riding on the back of the camel , when the husband asks her , she must give . ` So there 's no such thing as rape in marriage . This is made by European people , why should we follow ? ' Unsurprisingly , his religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in his home country of Malaysia and beyond . Writing in MalaysiaKini.com , Joshua Teh , an advocacy officer at the Women 's Centre for Change in Penang , said : ` Have we not provided excuses for rapists long enough ? ` We need to recognise that women , both married and not married , have the right over their own bodies , and that includes the right to reject sex . ` To turn a blind eye to that right is to reduce the woman 's dignity as a person and to further normalise the prevalence of sexual crimes in our society . ' Disgusted : His claim that women could n't even say no if they were on a camel has horrified many in the mainly Muslim country , where an estimated 3,000 women a year are raped . However , another mufti has said sex between a married couple must take place in a ` harmonious situation so as not to hurt each other ' - which means rape is not possible . What 's more , Dr Mohd Asri Zainul Abidin - known as ` Dr Maz ' - has said a man is not allowed to refuse sex with his wife , nor is he allowed to stop without ` getting consensus from his wife for fear that she did not have time to enjoy ' .