After West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week , manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time . Ahead of their relocation to the Olympic Stadium in a year 's time , the Hammers became the first club to drop the price of their season tickets off the back of the Premier League 's record three-year , £ 5.13 bn television deal , which comes into effect at the start of the 2016-17 season . West Ham 's cheapest adult season ticket for that campaign will cost £ 289 -- a considerable saving on the £ 620 equivalent this season . And Allardyce feels this is a shrewd business decision by the club , as maintaining a capacity crowd at their new 54,000-seat Stratford home will be important for West Ham . Manager Sam Allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club . West Ham became the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices for fans . ` What we 've announced has to be the best piece of business , for me , seen in the Premier League for a long , long time , ' Allardyce said . ` The most important thing at a football club is to fill the stadium . ` Obviously it 's not from a revenue base like it used to be . The revenue base for a football club used to be the sustainability of the club in my years before the Premier League and before Sky made it a worldwide brand . West Ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £ 289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium next year . An artist 's impression of what the Olympic Stadium will look like during a West Ham match . ` It 's about creating the atmosphere in a stadium that thrills not only the fans there , but the players who respond to that . ` I think we keep demanding too much financially from the fan . And I think , when you look at where the country has come from since 2008 , people are working harder and longer for less . ` We have to take in mind where they are , and while our money has increased from a revenue point of view , it would be very light-heartening to see that benefit going back to the actual fans who come and watch . '