Rhodri Giggs outside Manchester Magistrates Court yesterday , where he was banned from driving . The brother of ex-footballer Ryan Giggs has lost his job as a HGV driver after being banned from the roads for driving without insurance . Rhodri Giggs , 37 , revealed that he is now unemployed as he lost his licence after being found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance . Under the ` totting-up ' procedure , the former player-manager of non-league side Salford City , was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences . Arriving for sentencing at Manchester Magistrates Court yesterday dressed in a black blazer and jeans , Giggs , of Salford said the offence on October 14 last year ` was n't intentional ' . But Eddie Coyle , prosecuting , said : ` On October 14 last year at around 9.30 pm , he was driving a Mercedes along Hyde Road in Ardwick when he was brought to a stop by officers who performed checks and confirmed no insurance was in force . ' After accepting his wrongdoing , Giggs was asked whether he would like to pursue an ` exceptional hardship ' application in an attempt to retain his licence . He declined but added that he would permanently lose his job as an HGV driver with an agency and had n't worked since December as he was waiting for the decision of the courts . Speaking for himself with no legal representation , he said : ` I work for an agency . If I lost my job I could get something else . ` I want to get this sorted today . I have n't worked since December and have no income or benefits . ' Giggs was then banned from driving for six months , fined £ 110 and ordered to pay a £ 20 victim surcharge and £ 85 costs . In January , Rhodri Giggs spoke for the first time about his brother Ryan 's eight-year affair with his then wife Natasha . In January , Giggs spoke for the first time about his 41-year-old brother Ryan 's eight-year affair with his then-wife Natasha which emerged in 2011 . The Manchester United assistant manager allegedly told Rhodri that the affair was only ever ` about sex ' Natasha Giggs later filed for divorce and went on to appear on Celebrity Big Brother , while Ryan 's wife Stacey stood by his side . Giggs enjoyed a successful non-league football career playing for FC United of Manchester and is a former manager of Salford City . Manchester United assistant manager Giggs , left , allegedly told his brother that the affair with his wife Natasha , right , was only ever ` about sex ' Ryan , left , and Rhodri Giggs as children . Ryan is rumoured to be worth more than £ 40million and is the most decorated footballer in British history . His brother Ryan , is currently part of Manchester United manager Louis Van Gaal 's backroom staff with his side third in the Barclay 's Premier League . He is rumoured to be worth more than £ 40million and is the most decorated footballer in British history with 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League winner 's medals . He is now co-owner of Salford City alongside his former Old Trafford teammates Philip and Gary Neville , Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes , having bought shares in the club last year .