Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane with demolition beginning on the final opponent to the move , Archway Sheet Metal Works . Spurs plan to open a new ` world-class ' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time , and having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order , progress is being made . The north London club 's neighbours , Archway Sheet Metal Works , fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier this year , their premises are beginning to be demolished . Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development . The final opponent to Tottenham 's £ 400million move , Archway Sheet Metal Works , is being demolished . The new stadium development -LRB- bottom -RRB- got given the go ahead after Archway lost a long-running court battle . A former factory belonging to Archway Sheet Metal Works begins to be pulled down behind the North Stand . Tottenham flags fly in front of the already partly-demolished building in north London on Thursday . April 2008 - Spurs began investigations into the Wingate industrial estate adjacent to White Hart Lane with a view to stadium expansion . December 2008 - Designs for the new stadium are unveiled . An intended completion date of the start of the 2012-13 season was revealed by Daniel Levy . April 2009 - Tottenham announce they will issue 30m new shares to raise £ 15m for the first stage of the proposed development . October 2009 - Planning application to Haringey Council is submitted . May 2010 - Tottenham withdraw planning application and submit a revised plan . March 2013 - West Ham are confirmed as Olympic Stadium tenants and Tottenham focus all attentions on the current project . April 2013 - Public Inquiry is held about last remaining properties to be acquired . July 2014 - Secretary of State Eric Pickles grants compulsory purchase order for the last piece of land . February 2015 - Archway are informed there is no legal flaw in Tottenham 's compulsory purchase order , removing the final hurdle . April 2015 - Archway begins to be demolished . Diggers have moved in to knock down some of the buildings in Paxton Road that back on to White Hart Lane 's North Stand ahead of the major regeneration project that is expected to cost in the region of £ 400million . The rest will be demolished when Archway find a new premises . Archway asked a judge to quash Communities Secretary Eric Pickles ' decision to confirm the CPO on the grounds that it was ` unlawful and invalid ' but were told earlier this year that there was ` no legal flaw ' in the decision-making process . The Metal Works was were denied permission to appeal but they were allowed to directly ask Court of Appeal judges to reconsider the case , although they did not take up the option . That meant Spurs could finally secure the last patch of land needed to start work on the new stadium that they hope will rival that of north London rivals Arsenal . The plan for the design of the stadium itself includes a one-tier stand - similar to Liverpool 's famous Kop - at one end , and will be bowl-shaped in a similar style to Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium . The project further aims to regenerate the Tottenham area with a central square , shops , housing and the refurbishment of existing buildings included in the club 's plans . Last November , a mystery fire gutted the Archway premises , which is alongside White Hart Lane 's North Stand . The owners also say they received ` bomb threats ' . Diggers have moved in to knock down the buildings in Paxton Road that back on to White Hart Lane . Archway asked a judge to quash a decision to confirm the compulsory purchase order but failed . The plan for the design of the stadium itself includes a one-tier stand - similar to Liverpool 's famous Kop . Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane in the Barclays Premier League on Saturday afternoon . Josif Josif , a Tottenham fan who runs Archway , said at the time of the fire : ` People were calling us and threatening us and we were receiving bomb threats and that started a few months ago , but we do n't know if that 's got anything to do with it . ' Meanwhile , Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane in the Barclays Premier League on Saturday afternoon as they come face-to-face with former manager Tim Sherwood , who is now in charge of the Midlands club . This image shows exactly where Archway Sheet Metal Works is , behind Tottenham 's North Stand . Spurs hope to be ready to move into their revamped home in time for the 2018-19 Premier League season . A win or draw for the home side could see them rise above Liverpool into fifth place in the league before the Reds face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night . Manchester City are seven points ahead of Spurs in fourth but with Tottenham still to host the champions at White Hart Lane , Mauricio Pochettino 's hopes of securing Champions League football for next season are not quite over .