A pregnant woman was saved after her partner dived under the capsized boat they were in to retrieve an emergency flare . The woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the English Channel yesterday . Her partner had ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare . The pregnant woman and her partner -LRB- pictured waiting to be rescued -RRB- were stranded off the coast of Kent after their trimaran overturned yesterday . The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point , Kent , at 3.30 pm -- and a rescue boat was sent to help them . The HM Customs cutter Valiant , which was on the water nearby , and was able to locate the upturned vessel within minutes and spotted a red flare . A Coastguard spokesman said that the cutter stood by the vessel , ensuring the safety of those in the water , until an RNLI lifeboat from Dungeness arrived to pick the couple up from the water and take them ashore . They were taken to the William Harvey Hospital by the rescue helicopter from RAF Watisham . The spokesman said the pair were ` cold and shaken by the ordeal ' but unharmed . The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point , Kent . Bob Giles , Dover Coastguard Watch Manager said : ` The couple were thrown into the water after their vessel capsized . ` Both were wearing lifejackets and the man ensured that his partner was safe , then tied a rope around himself and dived under the vessel to retrieve a flare so that he could alert rescuers to their position . ` Because they had AIS -LRB- automatic identification system -RRB- on board they were easy to locate and so were rescued quickly . ` The member of the public who made the first call to the Coastguard did exactly the right thing by calling 999 and asking for the Coastguard . It meant that we were able to get rescuers to the scene within minutes of the vessel capsizing . '