The price of olive oil is expected to rocket as forestry officials in southern Italy yesterday began cutting down thousands of olive trees infected with a deadly bacteria . The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year . Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables , while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil and is likely to lead to higher prices for shoppers in Britain and around the world . An Italian forestry official stands guard as workers begin chopping down an infected olive oil tree . Police officers were also on hand to maintain order after protesters attempted to stop the trees ' destruction . A forestry official walks past the fenced-off remains of an olive oil tree destroyed in an attempt to stop the spread of the disease . A forestry worker cuts through the stump of a tree infected with the deadly xylella fastidiosa bacteria . Puglian growers have opposed the government 's destruction plan , saying it wo n't stop the bacteria 's spread . However , Puglian growers have opposed the government 's slash-and-burn plan , saying it wo n't contain the bacteria 's spread . Several dozen protesters tried unsuccessfully yesterday to block the first seven trees from being felled in Oria , near Brindisi , even climbing the branches and shouting ` assassins . ' Eventually , the first seven trees were cut down and are to be burned today , with more to follow . Many of Italy 's oldest olive groves , some dating back 500 years , have been infected by the bacterium , which causes plants to shrivel , leaving them incapable of bearing fruit . Puglia , a region in the heel of Italy , produces about 11million tons of olives a year , more than a third of the national crop , and they are used to make some of the country 's best oils . The initial area to be culled is 20,000 acres -- about 30 sq miles -- between Lecce to Brindisi . It contains around 11million trees , according to Unaprol , the largest consortium of growers . It is feared that unless drastic action is taken to fell the groves , the bacterium will spread to other olive-producing regions of Italy such as Tuscany and Umbria , and even to other Mediterranean countries . Last month Vytenis Andriukaitis , the European Commissioner for Food Safety and Security , said he was ` profoundly concerned by the gravity of the situation ' . He added : ` We have to take decisive measures with immediate effect . Naturally it is very painful for the growers but it is necessary to remove all the affected trees , it is the most effective measure . ' The bacteria -LRB- right -RRB- causes plants to dry out , leaving shrivelled stumps that are incapable of bearing fruit . Pictured left are protesters sitting in the branches of an olive oil tree earmarked for destruction . The microbe , first identified in the Americas , has now infected 800,000 trees in Salento , the southern half of Puglia , the heel of Italy . Below is a summary of the Italian virgin olive oil market worldwide , according to Unaprol -LRB- organisation of Italian oil producers -RRB- , showing the main importing countries : . USA : Italy holds a market share of 51 per cent , with exports up 2 per cent in 2013 . AUSTRIA : Italy is the market leader in 2013 with a 48 per cent share . BRAZIL : Italy is the fourth-largest virgin oil supplier to Brazil with 7 per cent of the market , following Portugal , Spain and Argentina . CANADA : Italy is in pole position with a market share of 70 per cent in 2013 . CHINA : Italy is the second-largest virgin oil supplier . In 2013 , the market share was 21 per cent . KOREA : Italy is the second-largest virgin oil supplier . JAPAN : Italy is the market leader in 2013 with a 45 per cent share and a growth of 6 per cent . HONG KONG : Italy is the main virgin oil supplier . INDIA : Italy is the second-largest virgin oil supplier on the Indian market after Spain . RUSSIA : Italy is the second-biggest virgin oil supplier with a 26 per cent market share . SINGAPORE : Italy is the main virgin oil supplier , with an increase from 2012 to 2013 both for the volume and for the value . Source : Olive Oil Times .