There will be a white-hot atmosphere at White Hart Lane on Saturday afternoon when Aston Villa come to town but Tim Sherwood has got to keep his emotions in check . This is about what happens on the pitch , not the touchline . The Villa boss is a passionate man but he ca n't afford to let things get personal . He did a good job at Tottenham -- he 's never afraid to talk about having the best Premier League win percentage of any Spurs boss -- but was still not trusted with the job long-term . That will hurt . He was in charge of the youth set-up for years and the club are now reaping the rewards with a team full of academy players , but he is more than just a company man . Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham this weekend . When he was finally given a shot at the top job his personality came flooding through . Incredibly driven and extremely confident , he did not take long to make a mark but it was an uneasy relationship and did not last long . That was a shame , because he is talented and I like to see as many former players as possible in managerial roles . There is so much knowledge to harness . At Aston Villa , he has set the emotional bar high but it 's working . Villa were lacking confidence all season and it looked like they lacked the ambition to win games . Sherwood 's intensity has sparked them back to life . He has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season . Sherwood clearly targets players he feels can make the biggest impact and sets to work . Sherwood lets his feelings be known as he celebrates a goal at Villa Park against Queens Park Rangers . Sherwood launches his jacket to the ground in celebration after Aston Villa pulled level against QPR . Sherwood grimaces as the Villa mascot - wearing the famous Tim Sherwood gilet - embraces him . The big Belgian has seven goals in five games and looks a top player again . He was not affecting games but now his team-mates find him early . There 's nothing wrong with being direct and Benteke is a beast when you get him on the ball . Sherwood is still searching for a balance in midfield but he has given Charles N'Zogbia a chance and still has an eye on youth with talent such as Jack Grealish coming through . Sherwood 's emotional style can be great for a player -- his antics on the touchline prove how much it means to him -- but it has its drawbacks . He is never afraid to tell his players what he thinks of them . That encourages some but footballers can be sensitive souls . The Villa squad wo n't like being called ` icing-on-the-cake players ' and I 'm sure a few at Tottenham will remember being told they ` lack character ' and ` are too nice ' . Sherwood certainly knew how to get the best out of Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor . Big Belgian international Christian Benteke is another striker enjoying working under Sherwood . When I was at Arsenal and George Graham came back to the club as Leeds boss , there was an extra determination to beat him . I expect Spurs to be exactly the same with Sherwood . There 's no doubt he 's talented but he has to be careful not to let his emotions get the better of him . Les Ferdinand told me when they worked together at Spurs , Tim needed a calming influence alongside him , as long as it was a peer he could respect . Les was the perfect foil . Do n't be surprised if Sherwood appoints someone like Ferdinand at Villa . It will be interesting to see what kind of reception Sherwood gets on Saturday . But with Villa staring at a relegation battle this is not about unfinished business or gilet throwing . This is about the result . That 's why Tim has to keep his cool . Sherwood shouts at his players as they look to earn an important victory at home to QPR . Sherwood shares a smile with Les Ferdinand during their time at White Hart Lane together .