The seeds of the Josh Meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between Hibernian and Dundee in the early weeks of 2013 . Easter Road striker Gary Deegan caught Dens defender Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge . Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details . The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action . The governing body immediately took the stance they * should * be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed . They altered the rules . Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by Gary Deegan -LRB- right -RRB- on Gary Irvine . PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed , telling them so . And on Thursday night he renewed his call for member clubs to put the genie back in the bottle amidst widespread unease at the fact Meekings might have missed a Scottish Cup Final because a referee and his assistants failed to see a handball in last Sunday 's semi-final victory over Celtic . Retrospective action , believes the Scottish players ' union , has become too far reaching . Its tentacles now stretch to an uncomfortable distance . ` The referee had a clear view of it but could n't see the actual contact because of the two players ' bodies , ' said Wishart of the critical Deegan and Irvine incident two years ago . ` When the SFA told us they were considering changing the regulation to allow the use of video evidence , we were strongly against it . ` Under the rules , they could n't charge Gary Deegan because the referee was the wrong side of the incident . They moved to change that . ` But as has been proven with Meekings , it was opening a whole can of worms as you are effectively re-refereeing the games . Inverness defender Josh Meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in the Scottish Cup semi-final . ` We warned this was too far and it would cause problems . ' Wishart takes no pleasure in being vindicated by the decision of the independent appeal panel which lifted a one-game suspension on Inverness player Meekings on Thursday . Under the existing rules , SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan was within his rights to charge the player . He had denied Celtic a goalscoring opportunity with his hand . The officials had missed it and , reviewing the video evidence , the governing body believed it was a red-card offence punishable retrospectively . Echoing the views of FIFA vice president Jim Boyce and others , however , Wishart believes the rules have gone too far . That the authority of referees is now being undermined for matters it should n't be . ` The purpose of video evidence is not to catch minor things , ' he continued . ` No player has a problem with anyone getting caught giving a fly punch or kick off the ball . They know they deserve it . ` I know the referees are not happy with this because Steven McLean is being examined after the game . ` He made a mistake - but does he deserve the continued fall-out from that ? I do n't think referees , players or fans want it . Now FIFA do n't want it , either . ` We have moved now towards re-refereeing the game . Steven McLean did have a view of the incident on Sunday , even if he did n't see the handball . ` If something happens behind a referee 's back -- a fly kick -- that 's not re-refereeing it because the referee genuinely does n't see it . ` But when referees have a view of it it 's different . ` Steven McLean was in the ideal position to see it . ` The rule was brought in primarily for things that happen behind the referee 's back - but he and Alan Muir had a view of this . ` Their vision might have been blocked - but there are angles where they are looking at it with no players between them . ` The fact is that we all make mistakes and funnily enough the biggest supporter for the referee in all of this will be the players . ` They will be annoyed , they will be angry . Players know what it 's like to make a mistake . Meekings has been cleared to play after SFA had banned him after deeming the hand ball a red card offence . ` It 's a major mistake and that should be dealt with in terms of referee 's observer and their markings . But you ca n't re-referee a game . ` We react to one incident - and what happened here was a reaction to Gary Deegan . ` The immediate reaction is to change the rules so it ca n't happen again . ` But we ca n't just be reacting to one single incident -- it has to be wider than that . ` No one has a problem with penalising violent conduct . The SFA have to listen to everyone within the game . ' Wishart 's issues with events on Sunday extend beyond the Meekings scenario . Inverness defender Gary Warren missed last year 's League Cup Final after contracting two bookings en route . Agonisingly , he suffered the same fate at Parkhead last weekend . In contrast with Meekings , he * will * miss another final against Falkirk under the punitive two strikes rule . ` There is an element of fairness when it comes to being banned from cup finals , as well , ' added Wishart . ` Does Gary Warren deserve to miss out due to two bookings ? ` If you 're sent off for violent conduct it 's different , but it 's a once in a lifetime opportunity and for a player to miss it due to two yellows or a soft red seems like injustice to me . It needs to be looked at . '