It was n't just Steve McQueen 's rugged looks that sent ladies into a frenzy in the 1960s . The actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , Eau Sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as Hedione . Now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women . Scroll down for video . It was n't just Steve McQueen 's rugged looks that sent ladies into a frenzy in the 1960s . The actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , Eau Sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as Hedione . Pictured is Steve Mcqueen starring in the 1965 film The Cincinnati Kid . Hedione - derived from the Greek word ` hedone ' , for fun , pleasure , lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent . The Christian Dior fragrance , Eau Savage , was the first to use it in 1966 , and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain , CKOne , Paco by Paco Rabane and Chanel no. 19 . The latest study shows how Hedione - which has the chemical name methyl dihydro-jasmonate - activates the pheromone receptor VN1R in humans . This activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women . Hedione - derived from the Greek word ` hedone ' , for fun , pleasure , lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent . The Christian Dior fragrance , Eau Savage , was the first to use it in 1966 , and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain , CKOne and Chanel no. 19 . The study found that Hedione creates ` sex-specific activation patterns ' in the tissue found in the nasal cavity which connects to the brain , according to a report in the Telegraph . Here Hedione - which has the chemical name methyl dihydro-jasmonate - activates the pheromone receptor VN1R in humans . ` These results constitute compelling evidence that a pheromone effect different from normal olfactory perception indeed exists in humans , ' says scent researcher Prof Hanns Hatt from Ruhr-Universität Bochum in Germany . Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour . They then compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol . Hedione triggered brain areas in the limbic system , which is responsible for emotions , memory and motivation , more effectively than phenylethyl alcohol . It also activated an area of the hypothalamus which releases sex hormones throughout body to turn people on . The Christian Dior fragrance , Eau Savage -LRB- left -RRB- , was the first to use Hedione in 1966 , and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain , CKOne and Chanel no. 19 -LRB- right -RRB- . The German study found that Hedione activated a specific hypothalamic region , in women more strongly than in men . But scientists are still divided over whether humans can actually communicate via pheromones . In the animal kingdom , this kind of communication is widespread . Mice have around 300 different genes for pheromone receptors ; in humans , probably only five of them are still functional . ` In the next stage , we want to find out which physiological and psychological parameters are affected when Hedione activates the pheromone receptor , ' explains Hanns Hatt . ` We also have to search for scent molecules in bodily secretions , which resemble Hedione and activate the receptor . ` With its help , humans could actually communicate with each other . '