Violent spectators might not be the only ones to face strict disciplining after Friday night 's NRL match , as NRL head 's reveal players could also face sanctions for their unacceptable behaviour on the field . Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee during the Good Friday showdown between South Sydney and Canterbury at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney . NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ` look very closely at ' their behaviour , noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will ` form part of the review ' . Scroll down for video . David Klemmer and James Graham could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban after their argument with referee Gerard Sutton who awarded the Rabbitohs a late penalty at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday . Klemmer reacts after being sent to the sin bin for dissent after yelling ` you 're off your f **** ing face , ' at the lead referee . The NRL Judiciary Code of Procedure states that Contrary Conduct refers to ` the misconduct on the part of a Player constituted by behaving in a way that is contrary to the true spirit of the Game ' while Detrimental Conduct means ` misconduct on the part of a Player constituted by behaving in a manner which is detrimental to the interests , welfare or image of the NRL ' . Both Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary , with the highest contrary conduct charge , a grade five , carrying a 525-demerit point penalty and a five-game ban . Graham 's charges would relate to his argument with referee Gerard Sutton when he awarded Souths a penalty , after the Bulldogs captain 's controversial tackle on Adam Reynolds . Klemmer meanwhile was sin-binned after crowding in on Sutton alongside Graham and yelling ` You 're off your f **** ing face , ' at the lead referee . NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ` look very closely at ' their behaviour , noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will ` form part of the review ' ` I do n't want to talk specifically about the incidents because they will form part of our match committee review but , in general terms , the behaviour of players on the field is something we will look very closely at , ' Greenberg said on Saturday on Triple M. ` Swearing at match officials is not acceptable and I put a full stop on that sentence , because it is really not acceptable . ` I know our match review -LRB- committee -RRB- will look closely at those incidents . ` There are requirements under the code , things like contrary conduct and detrimental conduct which will all form part of that review and , if there are penalties that need to be imposed , I expect the match review -LRB- committee -RRB- will discharge their duties accordingly . ' It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials after a violent end to Friday 's game when spectators threw bottles at match officials . The NRL match review committee will be headed up by Michael Buettner along with Brad Clyde , Michael Hodgson and Peter Louis . The NRL introduced new measures last season as to how and when captains could talk to referees . Former Bulldogs chief executive Greenberg again indicated that these would be monitored closely . ` James is the captain so he has the right to talk to him -LRB- Sutton -RRB- at certain parts during the game , but there were episodes in last night 's game that caused me some concern , ' Greenberg said . ` And that will form part of the review but it goes to a broader point - match officials need to be held with a much greater level of respect within the game . ' Bulldogs CEO Raelene Castle checks on the NRL interchange official who was injured at the end of game . Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a bottle thrown from the stands . Bulldogs fans react towards the match officials at full time at ANZ Stadium on Friday night in Sydney . Bulldogs fullback Brett Morris will also come under scrutiny from the match review committee after being placed on report for appearing to kick Souths hooker Issac Luke in the head as he scored a try just before halftime at ANZ Stadium . It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials after a violent end to Friday 's game when spectators threw bottles at the referees . ` The behaviour of players on the field is something we will look very closely at , ' Greenberg said on Saturday . Officials had to run from the field for cover and sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was later taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a bottle thrown from the stands . A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two people had been identified and their details taken down over the incident , however no charges have been laid . Officers are continuing with their inquiries and are yet to identify how many people were involved in incident . Those found responsible are facing a life time ban from the NRL . Two other men were charged with assault in unrelated incidents following the game , including a 22-year-old male who pushed a young relative to the ground , causing him to hit his face . ` The boy received minor facial injuries and did not require medical treatment . The relative was charged with common assault -LRB- domestic related -RRB- and given strict bail conditions to appear at Burwood Local Court , ' a police statement read . A 38-year-old man was also charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm after knocking down a 21-year-old man outside the stadium . The injured man was taken to Royal Prince Alfred Hospital by paramedics where he was treated for a cut above his eye and his aggressor will appear at Burwood Local Court in April .