Lewis Hamilton 's feud with Nico Rosberg has erupted once more following an explosive press conference at the Chinese Grand Prix . Hamilton controlled the race in Shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the Formula One world championship . But Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel . Lewis Hamilton celebrates his win with the Mercedes team , but Nico Rosberg appears less pleased with 2nd . Hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in China . Hamilton and Rosberg spray champagne from the podium as Mercedes celebrate a one-two finish . Click here to read Jonathan McEvoy 's report from Shanghai as Hamilton wins . With the top three drivers covered by only 3.5 secs ahead of the final round of pit-stops , Rosberg reported on the radio that ` Lewis is driving very slowly . Tell him to speed up . ' Hamilton , seemingly protecting his tyres , was given the hurry-up by Mercedes and both he and Rosberg eventually emerged from their final pit-stop first and second with Vettel third . Asked about the message , Hamilton , with Rosberg sitting next to him in the press conference , replied : ` I was n't controlling his race , I was controlling my own race . ` My goal was to look after my car . I had no real threat from Nico throughout the whole race . ' The last remark , in particular , was a dig in the ribs for Rosberg , who has been out-qualified and finished behind Hamilton at every race so far this season . A clearly fuming Rosberg replied : ` It 's just now interesting to hear from you Lewis that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace in front when that was compromising my race . ` Driving slower than was maybe necessary in the beginning of the stint meant Sebastian was close to me and it opened up the opportunity for Sebastian to try an early pit stop to try and jump me and then I had to cover him . ` It was unnecessarily close with Sebastian as a result , and also it cost me a lot of race time because I had to cover him . Then my tyres died at the end of the race because my stint was just so much longer , so I 'm unhappy about that . ' Rosberg was clearly angry with Hamilton in the press conference and hit out at his team-mate . The British driver denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg 's accusations . Hamilton backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate 's race . Hamilton waves to the crowd from the podium as Rosberg reflects on finishing behind his team-mate . Asked to respond , Hamilton defended himself as he said : ` It 's not my job to look after Nico 's race , it 's my job to manage the car and bring the car home as healthy and as fast as possible . ` That 's what I did . I did n't do anything intentionally to slow any of the cars up , I was just focused on myself . If Nico wanted to get by he could have tried , but he did n't . ' The spat has reopened the wounds from last year when both men tried to out-manoeuvre , and at times out-pysch one another as their battle for the title unfolded . It culminated in Rosberg and Hamilton colliding with one another in the Belgian Grand Prix , resulting in the former being reprimanded and sanctioned by the team . It proved to be a turning point in the championship as Hamilton went on to dominate the closing races en route to taking his second crown . Lewis , many congratulations . Was the race as expected in terms of the challenge from Ferrari and , also , can you talk us through that radio message you got from the team about speeding up ? Were you aware that Nico was getting so backed-up towards Sebastian Vettel ? LH : I was n't controlling his race , I was controlling my own race but , great race , I 'm really happy . Definitely going into the race we thought it would be a lot closer and we knew the Ferraris were very , very good with their long run pace and also looking after their tyres . So , today the real goal was to manage the tyres . And , as I said , my goal was to look after my car . I had no real threat from Nico through the whole race . So , I just managed it and got to really enjoy it , to be honest . A few of the real good fun laps were the laps before the pitstop , which I really enjoyed . Ultimately it was a much smoother weekend than we had in the last race where we got the whole , full practice sessions , on my side of the garage at least . And it made a real big difference to the balance of the car for the race . So really happy , and yeah , kinda excited . Q : Nico , can you talk us through your view of the race today . Started second , finished second but you sounded at times as though you felt at timed under a little bit of unnecessary pressure maybe ? NR : No . It 's just now interesting to hear from you , Lewis , that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace in front , and necessarily that was compromising my race . Driving slower than was maybe necessary at the beginning of stints meant that Sebastian was very close to me and that opened up the opportunity for Sebastian to try that early pit-stop to try and jump me . And then I had to cover him . So , first of all it was unnecessarily close with Sebastian as a result , and also it cost me a lot of race time as a result because I had to cover him and then my tyres died at the end of the race because my stint was just so much longer . So I 'm unhappy about that , of course , today . Other than that , not much to say . Q : Lewis , would you like to respond ? LH : Not really ! My job is not to ... it 's not my job to look after Nico 's race . My job 's to manage the car and bring the car home as healthy and as fast as possible -- and that 's what I did . I did n't do anything intentionally to slow any of the cars up . I just was focussing on myself . If Nico wanted to get by he could have tried but he did n't . The British driver crosses the line in Shanghai after holding off the challenge from Rosberg and Vettel . Hamilton leads off the start-line as he moves off the race line to defend his lead . The British driver controlled the race as he claimed his fourth victory in China . Speaking to the BBC , Rosberg was asked about the incident . ` It compromised my race massively at the time because the best possible race for Lewis was to back me off into Vettel so Vettel would try to undercut me and I would have to respond , ' he said . ` It was very frustrating Lewis was taking it as easy on his tyres . Interestingly , he said he was just thinking about himself and that says it all . What upset me is we went through exactly that before the race . ' Hamilton denied the accusation : ` That 's absolutely not the case . I was n't trying to back him up into Sebastian because ultimately we do need a one-two and that is a priority to the team . If he wanted to get close to overtake he could have done . I 'm not really quite sure what his problem is . ` We came here to get one-two and we did . There should n't be too much aggro really . ' 1 . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- Britain -RRB- Mercedes 1:39:42.008 . 2 . Nico Rosberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Mercedes +00:00.714 . 3 . Sebastian Vettel -LRB- Germany -RRB- Ferrari 00:02.988 . 4 . Kimi Raikkonen -LRB- Finland -RRB- Ferrari 00:03.835 . 5 . Felipe Massa -LRB- Brazil -RRB- Williams-Mercedes 00:08.544 . 6 . Valtteri Bottas -LRB- Finland -RRB- Williams-Mercedes 00:09.885 . 7 . Romain Grosjean -LRB- France -RRB- Lotus - Mercedes 00:19.008 . 8 . Felipe Nasr -LRB- Brazil -RRB- Sauber - Ferrari 00:22.625 . 9 . Daniel Ricciardo -LRB- Australia -RRB- Red Bull - Renault 00:32.117 . 10 . Marcus Ericsson -LRB- Sweden -RRB- Sauber - Ferrari 1 lap . 11 . Sergio Perez -LRB- Mexico -RRB- Force India - Mercedes 1 lap . 12 . Fernando Alonso -LRB- Spain -RRB- McLaren 1 lap . 13 . Jenson Button -LRB- Britain -RRB- McLaren 1 lap . 14 . Carlos Sainz Jr -LRB- Spain -RRB- Toro Rosso - Renault 1 lap . 15 . Will Stevens -LRB- Britain -RRB- Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps . 16 . Roberto Merhi -LRB- Spain -RRB- Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps . 17 . Max Verstappen -LRB- Holland -RRB- Toro Rosso - Renault 4 laps . r. Pastor Maldonado -LRB- Venezuela -RRB- Lotus - Mercedes 7 laps . r. Daniil Kvyat -LRB- Russia -RRB- Red Bull - Renault 41 laps . r. Nico Hulkenberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Force India - Mercedes 47 laps . -LRB- rank : r = retired , nc = not classified -RRB- . Fastest Lap : Lewis Hamilton ,1 : 42.208 , lap 31 .