West Ham have announced a new five-year multi-million pound kit deal with Umbro . The Hammers join fellow Barclays Premier League sides Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers . Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s when the likes of World Cup winners Bobby Moore , Sir Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters famously wore the claret and blue in their 1964 FA Cup and 1965 European Cup Winners ' Cup triumphs . West Ham have announced a five-year deal with Umbro to supply their kits starting next season . West Ham last wore an Umbro strip between 2007 and 2010 but have a long affiliation with the brand . Umbro supplied the kit for the great West Ham team of the sixties , featuring the likes of Geoff Hurst -LRB- left -RRB- , Bobby Moore -LRB- middle -RRB- and Martin Peters . Hammers vice-chairman Karren Brady hopes the revived partnership will herald similar success on the field as they enter the final season at Upton Park before the club 's exciting move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016 . ` As we approach two historic seasons for West Ham United , we are delighted once again to team up with Umbro , a company which -- like West Ham -- is steeped in the heritage of English football but also a fast-growing global brand with an exciting future ahead , ' said Brady . ` It is especially fitting that -- during our final season at the Boleyn Ground -- our players and fans will wear a brand synonymous with one of the finest moments in West Ham 's rich history : England 's 1966 World Cup triumph . ` It is our determination to bring back those glory days of the 1960s when we move to our magnificent new Stadium , and we look forward to doing so in partnership with Umbro , whose commitment to the highest standards of excellence and quality matches our own . ' The Hammers wore an Umbro kit when Bobby Moore lifted the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1965 . England were dressed by Umbro when Bobby Moore lifted the World Cup in 1966 . West Ham will return to Umbro kits for their final season at Upton Park in 2015-16 . West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium after next season . Umbro , who last endorsed the Hammers in 2010 , will replace adidas as the east London outfit 's technical suppliers at the end of the season . And their first task is to design a commemorative kit for West Ham 's final season at the Boleyn Ground , which will have the consultation of supporters . ` We know the last season at the Boleyn Ground will be an emotional one and we have worked closely with the club -- with input from Hammers fans -- to create a memorable set of kits to commemorate the final season , ' said Umbro 's vice president of global marketing , Paul Nugent . ` Our kit designs for West Ham are unique to the club and celebrate the rich traditions of the club whilst incorporating all the modern performance properties required for today 's game . ` We 're looking forward to sharing our 2015/16 kits and hope players and fans will be proud to wear them both home and away . '