Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth , Western Australia where the soldier who claims to have shot the Taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir works as a training commander . Mark Donaldson is one of Australia 's most highly decorated soldiers , one of the very few to have been awarded the nation 's highest military honour , the Victoria Cross , for his bravery in Afghanistan . Corporal Donaldson VC revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite Special Air Services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who had boasted that he intended to kill Prince Harry . To kill a prince : Captain Harry Wales -LRB- pictured on his first tour of duty to Afghanistan -RRB- was the target of a Taliban warlord codenamed Javelin who had boasted he would kill the royal heir but was shot dead by a crackunit from the Australian SAS , where Harry is headed next for the final chapter of his military career . Hunted down : Corporal Mark Donaldson VC , one of Australia 's most highly decorated soldiers is pictured in Afghanistan where he and fellow SAS troops hunted down and shot dead the Taliban warlord who had boasted of killing Prince Harry . Valour under fire : Mark Donaldson -LRB- pictured , right , with fellow troopers in Afghanistan -RRB- was awarded the VC for his actions in September 2008 , when , despite being advised not to go and help , Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter , while under heavy machine gun fire for a large group of insurgents . Giants among men : A rare gathering of three living recipients of Australia 's highest military honour , the Victoria Cross , from left , Corporal Mark Donaldson , Keith Payne who won the VC in Vietnam , and -LRB- right -RRB- Ben Roberts-Smith who also earned his honour while fighting in Afghanistan . Known in the British military as Captain Harry Wales , the fourth in line to the throne will fulfill one of his dreams by embedding with the Australian SAS . The first threat to his life by the Taliban came between December , 2007 and February , 2008 when as a 23-year-old he spent ten weeks on his first tour of duty to Afghanistan in the southern province of Helmand guiding fighter jets towards suspected Taliban targets . In his book The Crossroad , Corporal Donaldson revealed how the SAS regiment had uncovered a Taliban fighter codenamed Javelin in Afghanistan in 2008 . Targeted by the Taliban : A Taliban warlord codenamed Javelin targeted Prince Harry on his first tour of Afghanistan and in 2012 warlords again threatened to ` eliminate ' the prince . ` Javelin had been saying he was going to take out Prince Harry , ' he wrote . ` We flew by Chinook to a place called Paygolkar to go after two targets codenamed Longbow and Javelin . They were supposed to be important Taliban commanders . ' On the first night time attempt by Donaldson and his fellow Australian commandos , they entered the compound where the Javelin was based , in Uruzgan province , a Taliban stronghold in central Afghanistan , but the commander got away . Almost a year later in ` an exact same type of job , at the exact time of night ' , Donaldson writes in The Crossroad , they shot him dead . ` We went into Paygolkar one night , searching for codename Longbow . We went onto the roof of the same compound we 'd been in the previous year and found nine rocket-propelled grenade warheads and a landmine . ` We did n't get Longbow , but three Talibs squirted from the target building just before we were able to take it down . They ran straight into our cordon teams and were killed . `` One had a very nice chrome-plated , clean AK-47 . He turned out to be Javelin , the target we 'd gone after a year earlier in the same area . Further evidence established that he had a job helping high-value individuals coming in from Pakistan . ' Prince Harry 's first tour in Afghanistan was cut short after an imposed media blackout on his presence there was breached . He returned for a second tour in 2012 , when again the Taliban voiced a threat to ` eliminate him ' . Corporal Mark Donaldson was to have further brushes with Afghan fighters , being shot in the leg in 2012 . In his memoir , he revealed more details of the incident in which his bravery had earned him the Victoria Cross . On September 2 , 2008 , just weeks after his first attempt to kill the Taliban warlord Javelin , the SAS trooper and twelve other Australians in a military convoy were ambushed by a large group of insurgents . One of the interpreters had been shot and was lying on the ground . Despite being advised not to go and help , Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue the wounded man , while under heavy machine gun fire . In 2013 the prince visited SAS HQ in Perth to pay tribute to special forces troops killed in the line of duty , and is said to have met Donaldson . Next week , he will get his first chance to join the elite group and perhaps be trained in house-to-house combat using live rounds by the highly decorated soldier who killed the warlord who threatened the prince 's life . Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday to kick-off his final , four week long tour of duty . The royal 's last tour before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services will also see him serve alongside Australian soldiers in Darwin and Sydney . Scroll down for video . Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force , which will be his last tour of duty in the military . The prince will spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory , and the Australian Army 's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment . If he passes military testing , it is possible he 'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment . The prince will join diggers on urban training exercises and bush patrols as well as pack marches and physical training . Before the military stretch gets underway , Prince Harry will travel to the Australian War Memorial in Canberra and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Solider , according to an Australian Defence Force statement . A spokesman for Prince Harry said he had wanted to come to Australia on a military exchange for some time , and he was excited for a ` challenging and hectic ' schedule . Captain Harry Wales , as he is known in the British Army , will fall in with elite soldiers at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises in the bush with the indigenous unit NORFORCE operating out of Darwin . He will also be allowed to spend time off-base , meaning Harry will have plenty of time for handshakes with his fans , but he is also said to be looking forward to training with the elite Australian SAS . ` Prince Harry is tremendously looking forward to starting his four week attachment with the ADF , ' the spokesman said , according to the ABC . ` It has been an opportunity he has been keen to explore for a couple of years now and is delighted to be able to do it before completing his military service with the British Armed Forces later this year . ' The fourth-in-line to the throne royal will have his army activities briefly interrupted at the end of the month , when he flies to Gallipoli with Prince Charles for Anzac Day commemorations . The ADF confirmed Harry will be given down time off-base during his stint , meaning some lucky punters could have a pint with the prince . A spokesman for Prince Harry said he had wanted to come to Australia on a military exchange for some time , and he was excited for a ` challenging and hectic ' schedule . Harry will spend time with the elite SAS and Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers during his military exchange . However , the ADF said it has created a very real experience for Prince Harry . ` Defence 's focus for this attachment is to provide Captain Wales with an authentic military experience in the Australian Army that builds on his previous experience with coalition forces and complements his work with wounded , injured and ill service personnel , ' a statement read . ` Defence has selected units that best utilise Captain Wales ' skills and allow him to experience a broad range of Army capabilities . The attachment will also allow Captain Wales to share the experience and knowledge he has gained over 10 years of military service in the British Armed Forces , including two operational tours of duty in Afghanistan . '