An angry neighbour who stormed onto the catwalk at Sydney 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week while fashion designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow has compared the noise being made at the event to a jumbo jet . Maurice Thibaux , 67 , caused quite a stir at Sunday night 's opening show held at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh - in Sydney 's inner city . The French native - who lives next door to the venue - crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise , which he claims was ` similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head ' . Scroll down for video . Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night at the Carriageworks . Mr Thibaux said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it . ` I was watching TV and I use headphones , which are noise cancelling , so normally it cuts out all the noise . In fact I ca n't even hear the telephone , ' he told 9News . ` I could hear a rumble ... so I took of my headphones and the rumble continued . It felt like the house was shaking . ' Mr Thibaux said he did not even know he was walking into a fashion week event because the bright lights obstructed his vision . Mr Thibaux , who lives next door to the Carriageworks , points at where the fashion show was taking place at the Eveleigh venue . The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumble that accompanied it . ` I had no idea where I was to be honest . I could have been on the moon . It 's embarrassing , ' he said . The 67-year-old said he was ` very sorry ' to have disturbed the show , which finished at 7 pm . But he was not the only neighbour of the Carriageworks that found the noise disturbing . Jane Houselander said she did not sleep on Sunday night and neither did her neighbour who was ` incredibly upset ' and ` very anxious ' . Footage of the incident shows Mr Thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears , wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway . He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead and was trying to make a complaint about it . Sunday night marked the start of Sydney 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . This photo is from the Ellery show . Mr Thibaux was eventually escorted off the catwalk by a security guard at the Carriageworks . Hardcore electronic music with a heavy bass line boomed throughout the space for the duration of the show , which lasted about 15 minutes . He was overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community . ` The noise is way too loud , this is disgrace , ' eye witnesses overheard him say , according to the Sydney Morning Herald . ` It was loud but it was all part of the dramatic vibe , ' a guest at the Ellery show told Daily Mail Australia . The Australian designer was not fazed by the disruption , the eye-witness added . ` Kym ran out merrily at the end , aside from that it all went perfectly , ' they said . Mr Thibaux took to the stage while Australian fashion designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow after the Sunday show . Ellery seemed unfazed by the incident and continued to do her lap of honour down the runway .