Jaap Stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his Cheshire home when he was informed by Sir Alex Ferguson that he was being sold to Lazio . The then Manchester United manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , Jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . No , Stam 's representatives would discover that later . Raheem Sterling shakes hands with Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers during training on Thursday . The two were at Melwood alongside the rest of the Liverpool squad in preparation for clash with Arsenal . Rodgers remains confident that Sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer . Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself , according to Roy Keane . But even so , it prompted Roy Keane to explain to me -- for a column I was ghosting at the time - why a footballer should ` always look after No 1 ' . United 's captain scoffed at the idea that loyalty really existed in football . ` Jaap has discovered that , to football clubs , players are just expensive pieces of meat , ' said Keane , without a hint of concern as to how his views might impact on his own relationship with his employers . Keane would probably feel Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself . Sterling might be 20 and he might want what seems a ludicrous amount of money for a player , while hugely promising , remains relatively unproven . But he already has a young family to support and he has ambitions not just to win trophies but to make as much money as he possibly can . In truth , the only issue right now is how he is choosing to go about getting what he wants . He has an agent , in Aidy Ward , who is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients -- we saw as much when he turned up at Old Trafford last month with Saido Berahino -- and the approach he is employing here is not exactly endearing Sterling to anyone . Sterling 's agent Aidy Ward next to Saido Berahino -LRB- centre -RRB- at Old Trafford for Man United against Arsenal . Jaap Stam was a fixture of Manchester United 's central defence from 1998-2001 before being sold to Lazio . Former Manchester United midfielder Keane insists that a footballer should ` always look after No 1 ' My guess is Liverpool would n't have been as upset by his appearance on the BBC as some might think . Sterling and Ward should probably realise that , right now , £ 100,000 a week is a generous offer . Just as they should realise that switching to a club like Manchester City might not be the smartest move at this stage of his development . Better to remain at Anfield where he will play regularly under Brendan Rodgers ; a manager who has n't exactly done a bad job of developing Sterling so far . On Friday , Rodgers said he remained confident that Sterling would stay ; that the situation would resolve itself in the summer . But I wonder if it will when Ward and Sterling are employing such aggressive tactics and Liverpool have made clear their own approach to future contract negotiations with their players . For the top players Liverpool pay handsomely . Daniel Sturridge is believed to be earning around £ 150,000 a week and Steven Gerrard always felt well-enough rewarded for a player Ferguson once regarded as the ` most influential ' in the Barclays Premier League . Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge -LRB- right -RRB- is believed to be earning around £ 150,000 a week . Steven Gerrard trains at Melwood as he keeps fit during his period of suspension for Liverpool . But Liverpool do not have the financial muscle of a City or a Chelsea and that could yet result in them losing Sterling . Only recently Ian Ayre , the Liverpool chief executive , explained the club 's strategy and a move towards more performance-related contracts . ` In any business you can make lots of money but if you let it go out of the door in other ways , then you are in trouble , ' he said . ` The obvious biggest outgoing is players ' wages and transfer fees . That 's taken a pretty dramatic change in terms of how we look at it , analyse it and pay for it - and how we structure contracts . ` We pay good pay for our players ; we pay fair pay . But we also like to give them the appetite to earn more which we know footballers like to do . As we all do . ` That 's a far cry from deals where it is sort of nailed on and then it does n't matter whether they perform or do not perform . ` So we are just trying to find a balance . I think other teams are doing that as well - or at least trying to do that . ` And it 's certainly working for us - we have a happy bunch of players . ' Sterling scored his first goal for England during their 4-0 win over Lithuania last Friday . The 20-year-old Liverpool forward uploaded this picture to Instagram from inside his home . Clearly , not everyone is happy . But that is not necessarily Liverpool 's fault . They have a business to run and they have a duty to run it well . At the same time , Sterling will rightly feel he has a duty to his family to make as much money as he can during his relatively short career as a professional footballer . But he is not thinking it through carefully enough and nor , you suspect , is his agent . A footballer 's image can have a huge financial value in modern football and right now Sterling 's is taking a battering . And if he does move to another club and he fails to progress at the rate he currently is at Liverpool , he could find that has an impact on future earnings . Not that anyone he seems to be listening to will be telling him that .