Ben Hagon 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into Tara McIntyre leaving her with life-changing injuries . A driver destroyed a young woman 's life when he smashed into her car after taking a lethal cocktail of drink and prescription drugs has been jailed . Tara McIntyre , 24 , was left virtually wheelchair-bound after Ben Hagon 's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph , a court heard . She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis . The court heard that Hagon , who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003 , had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when got behind the wheel . Judge David Turner branded Hagon 's driving ` madness ' - and accused him of changing Miss McIntyre 's life for the worse for ever . Sentencing him to two years and eight months in prison , Judge Turner said : ` Miss McIntyre went on what ought to have been a simple shopping trip and has been left with injuries which are literally life changing . ` She will be dependent on others for help for the rest of her life . The medical consequences have been utterly traumatic . ' ` This personal catastrophe has been brought about fully by those moments of madness in your driving . ` I accept you feel considerable remorse . This is frankly as bad a piece of driving in combination one can imagine . ' Hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the A131 at High Garrett , near Braintree , Essex -LRB- pictured -RRB- when he ploughed into the side of Miss McIntyre 's Ford Ka . Chelmsford Crown Court heard that Hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the A131 at High Garrett , near Braintree , Essex , when he ploughed into the side of Miss McIntyre 's Ford Ka as she waited to turn right . One eye-witness estimated he was hitting 75mph in the 40mph stretch of road in his 54-plate Mercedes SLK . But others said his speed was closer to 50-60mph before the horrifying smash at about 2.15 pm on February 2 last year . Police crash investigators found that Hagon had made no attempt to brake . Miss McIntyre was rushed to Addenbrooke 's Hospital , Cambridge , by air ambulance suffering head injuries , a fractured spine and pelvis , and a cut to her artery . She spent the next three months in hospital , including some time in an induced coma , and a further two months in a special rehabilitation facility . Miss McIntyre was rushed to Addenbrooke 's Hospital after the crash with terrible head injuries , a fractured spine and pelvis . The formerly independent young woman now needs help with basic day-to-day tasks and has been told she will spend most of her life in a wheelchair as she is only able to walk just 60 yards with a stick . She was also left partially sighted and had to learn to speak again after brain damage caused by the crash . Miss McIntyre 's boyfriend , who was sitting beside her in the front seat , amazingly escaped with minor injuries , as did Hagon . Jane Oldfield , prosecuting , said Hagon had been banned for drink-driving in October 2003 . She also said Miss McIntyre 's devastated parents were now having to move house as their home could not be adapted sufficiently to care for their seriously-disabled daughter . Hagon , of Halstead , Essex , had been out drinking the night before and downed Champagne , three pints of beer and a jug of cocktail , the court heard . A blood test calculated he had 161 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of blood - double the legal limit . Hagon admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was jailed for two years eight months at Chelmsford Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He had also swallowed prescription tranquillisers as part of treatment he 's having for anxiety . The court heard he had blatantly ignored advice not to drive while taking the powerful drugs after being warned that their effects would be worsened when combined with alcohol . Rakesh Sharma , defending , said Hagon was now seeking help for alcohol addiction and did not intend to ever drive again . Mr Sharma said : ` He thinks about the victim every day and ca n't believe what he has done . ' Hagon admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving and was jailed for two years and eight months . He was also banned from driving for five years . He will have take an extended re-test if he does want to drive again . No award was made for compensation or costs due to the prison term , but Hagon must pay a victim surcharge .