Creeping through the Australian bush , Prince Harry proves he has lost none of his military skills on what are expected to be the last manoeuvres of his ten-year military career . With a Steyr assault rifle pulled tight into his shoulder , the Prince is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin . Harry 's participation in the exercises follows his visit to the remote Kununurra region of Western Australia where he met village elders and children , camped in the Outback and was taught how to survive a bushfire . Scroll down for video . ` Delightful chap ' : Prince Harry takes time out from his tough training programme to play with local children at the Wuggubun community in a remote area hundreds of miles away from the nearest city , Darwin . As well as demonstrating his weapons handling and first aid skills , the 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force 's Tiger assault helicopter , which is similar to the Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012 . At the end of the exercises in the Northern Territory , Prince Harry will hang up his fatigues and , after attending official functions in Perth and Sydney , is expected to return to Britain . In July , the Prince is scheduled to spend several weeks on a conservation project in Africa before finally deciding on a fulltime job , most probably in the charity or public service sectors . Harry may choose to continue his work with the MoD 's Recovery Capability Programme , which helps wounded troops rebuild their lives and find new jobs . A source close to the Prince said his employment options were ` wide and varied ' but he will not have to do Royal duties on a full-time basis . Put through his paces : The Prince patrols during Exercise Thunder Observer , a Joint Fire Team exercise with the 8th/12th Regiment , Royal Australian Artillery , at Robertson Barracks in Darwin , Northern Territory . Bowing out : Prince Harry started his army career in 2005 when he began training at Sandhurst , and has completed two tours of Afghanistan . Harry , affectionately dubbed Captain Wales by his fellow soldiers , has completed the first two weeks of a month-long attachment with the Australian 1st Brigade - but he is due to leave the British military in June after 10 years ' service . Harry has been participating in day-to-day soldiering activities and physical training sessions as well as undertaking flight simulation training . His itinerary also included time in an armed reconnaissance helicopter . After meeting with some of the army 's wounded , injured and ill members , the royal joined in a game of wheelchair Australian Football League with soldiers from the recovery centre and the 1st Brigade . During his time in the Kununurra region he was briefed on operations and trained in bush survival lessons , including how to source food and water . After receiving his orders , Harry headed out on patrol with members of the force , spending two nights camping out in the remote outback . His attachment with the Australian Defence Force will continue after Gallipoli commemorations in Turkey , when he will return to Australia to spend time with Australian Army units in Perth and Sydney . Meeting the locals : Captain Wales shakes hands with Russel Smith during a visit to the Wuggubun community , Western Australia . First Aid : Captain Wales applies a bandage to Lieutenant Gerard Hinchliffe during Exercise Thunder Observer in the Australian outback . Captain Wales opens the door of an Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter -LRB- ARH -RRB- Tiger from 1st Aviation Regiment prior to a familiarisation flight at Robertson Barracks in Darwin , Northern Territory . Captain Wales and Australian Army qualified flying instructor Captain Matthew Stubbs inspect an Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter -LRB- ARH -RRB- Tiger from 1st Aviation Regiment . Captain Wales and Australian Army qualified flying instructor Captain Matthew Stubbs prepare a 1st Aviation Regiment Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter . Taking flight : Two Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter -LRB- ARH -RRB- Tigers from 1st Aviation Regiment take off from Robertson Barracks . The prince was briefed on NORFORCE , an Australian Army infantry regiment and one of three Regional Force Surveillance Units -LRB- RFSUs -RRB- employed to conduct surveillance and reconnaissance in remote areas of Northern Australia . Its area of operations covers 1.8 million square kilometres , encompassing the entire Northern Territory and the Kimberley region of Western Australia ; the largest of any military unit in the world today . Locals who live in one of the most remote places on earth got the surprise of their lives when Prince Harry turned up unannounced . ` He just rocked up , ' said delighted Barry Trust , a resident of the tiny township which sits 600 miles away from the nearest city - Darwin . Mr Trust , who was speaking to ABC News , described the royal visitor as ` a real delightful chap ' and revealed that Harry is enjoying the Outback so much , he 's contemplating a move there . ` We 've invited him back again some time , ' said Mr Trust . ` He 'd love to - he said he 'd love to live out this way , to get away from the media . Captain Wales patrols during Exercise Thunder Observer , a Joint Fire Team exercise with the 8th/12th Regiment , Royal Australian Artillery , at Robertson Barracks in Darwin , Northern Territory . Team building : Captain Wales laughs with members of the North-West Mobile Force as he undergoes a briefing and takes part in training . Group shot : The participants of Exercise Thunder Observer , a Joint Fire Team exercise with the 8th/12th Regiment , Royal Australian Artillery , at Robertson Barracks in Darwin , Northern Territory . The prince dodges a tackle from Regimental Sergeant Major of the 1st Brigade , Warrant Officer Class One David Allen during a game of wheelchair AFL at Darwin 's Soldier Recover Centre . Captain Wales passes the ball during a game of wheelchair AFL at the Soldier Recover Centre , Robertson Barracks . Competitor : Captain Wales is all smiles as he takes part in a game of wheelchair AFL at the Soldier Recover Centre in Darwin . ` It was pretty exciting - especially for the kids . ' Prince Harry spent his first day on the placement paying his respects at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra before reporting for duty . He also found time to meet some of the locals and hit the headlines when he revealed his true feelings about selfie photos . ` Selfies are bad , ' he said , when asked to strike a pose by a teenage fan . He added : ` I know you 're young but just take a normal photograph . ' He will also briefly travel back to Europe for a visit to Turkey alongside the Prince of Wales later this month where he will take part in a memorial service for the men who fought and died at Gallipoli . Striking a pose : Prince Harry poses with members of the local community , including Mr Trust . Locals described him as a ` delightful chap ' Warm welcome : Prince Harry arrived in Australia earlier this month for his four week-long secondment . Agreed ! He struck a pose next to a Redheads Rule sign but refused to pose for a selfie . He was visiting the Australian War Memorial in Canberra . The World War I battle , which pitted British forces against the Ottoman Empire , claimed the lives of 34,000 British soldiers , 8,700 Australians and 2,721 New Zealanders . Harry has served with the Australian Armed Forces in the past , most notably during his two tours of Afghanistan . ` He met -LSB- Australian troops -RSB- during the Invictus Games and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers , ' said an aide . ` Those experiences reinforced the huge admiration and respect he already had for Australian servicemen and women and has stoked his enthusiasm even more to build on those relationships in the next four weeks . ` He knows he will learn a huge amount from his Australian colleagues during this attachment and he is grateful to the ADF for producing such a varied and interesting programme for him . Saying hello : Harry 's winning ways have endeared him to Australian locals from the start . All smiles : His first act upon arriving in Australia was to visit the tomb of the Unknown Soldier . Clown Prince ! He was happy to pull funny faces for the amusement of one little girl while meeting wellwishers . ` He is also looking forward to learning how wounded , injured and ill servicemen and women are supported here in Australia and hopes to pass on some of his experience from his current role in the UK . ` Prince Harry has been to Australia twice before , so he knows he is in for a great experience . He particularly appreciates the opportunity to pay his respects to the fallen and fully appreciates the significance of commemoration in this centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign . ' Harry entered military service in 2005 , training at The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst as an officer cadet and was commissioned as an Army officer on Wednesday , 12th April 2006 . He then joined the the Blues and Royals , and in early 2007 began secretly serving in the Helmand region of Afghanistan before his deployment was uncovered by an American newspaper , and he was brought back home . He was promoted to Captain , his current rank , in 2011 when he also went to America to learn to fly an Apache helicopter , before returning to fly missions in Afghanistan between September 2012 and January 2013 .