For most people a hangover will have them reaching for the painkillers and greasy breakfast , but those living in ancient Egypt had a rather different approach . Historians have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient Egyptian papyrus . Written in Greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ` drunken headache ' - with the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne , or sometimes Alexandrian laurel . The text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called Ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck . This papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus , Egypt , and contains a medical ` recipe ' for treating a hangover . While the text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol , it is not known if it had any effect . The treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the Oxyrhynchus papyrus - more than 500,000 documents found in an ancient rubbish tip at the Egyptian town of Oxyrhynchus , about 100 miles south of Cairo . Oxyrhynchus lies south west of Cairo and is considered to be one of the most important archaeological sites in Egypt . It has yielded a huge collection of papyrus texts from the Ptolemaic and Roman periods of Egyptian history and among them are fragments of plays and the Gospel of Thomas . The city was built around a system of canals and inhabitants dumped their rubbish at nearby sand hills , including lots of written material as Oxyrhynchus was governed bureaucratically by the Greeks and the Romans . Archaeologists have discovered tax returns , census material , receipts , letters about religion , politics , military action and diaries , giving them a thorough picture of everyday life . In 1896 , two young excavators - Bernard Grenfell and Arthur Hunt - from the University of Oxford began to excavate the site and combed through the rubbish . While they were concerned with finding works of high literature , they realised the importance of the discarded everyday material . Some 500,000 papyrus fragments are now kept at the university 's Sackler Library ; among them the account of match fixing . The hangover treatment was one of 24 new medical texts that are the latest to be translated - the 101st volume of translations to be published . Among the documents , researchers at the University of Oxford and University College London have found 11 copies of known medical texts by Galen and Hippocrates alongside the new medical texts . They also found four documents that appeared to be doctors notes . Dr David Leith , a historian and research fellow at the University of Exeter who translated the medical papyrus , said : ` The remedies appear to cross what we might see as the boundary between magic and medicine - and although some ancient doctors disliked making use of `` magical '' remedies , this was far from always the case . ' The recipe for drunken headache - kraipale in Greek - read : ` For drunken headache : wear leaves of Alexandrian chamaedaphne strung together . ' Dr Leith said : ` The plant name literally means `` ground laurel/bay '' , and its leaves are often compared to bay leaves in ancient botanical literature . ' The papyrus were discovered during excavations at Oxyrhynchus in 1890 by Bernard Grenfell and Arthur Hunt from Queen 's College at the University of University . Around 10 per cent of the papyri have been found to be literary and many are private documents , codes , registers , official correspondence , tax records , bills , leases , horoscopes and inventories . Alexandrian chamaedaphne , sometimes called Dane racemosa -LRB- above -RRB- was recommended as a cure for hangovers in Egypt 1,900 years ago by stringing the leaves in a garland that was hung around the neck . Dr Margarent Mountford , a papyrologist at the Egypt Exploration Society , which owns the papyrus texts , said : ` These texts are hugely important as they give us an insight into daily life at the time . ` Some were copies of ancient Greek medical texts but there were some original medical texts - which look more like magical spells in some ways . ` The hangover cure for example involves handing a laurel around the neck . I have my doubts if this would have worked but perhaps it had more of a placebo effect . ' Professor Vivian Nutton , a historian at University College London who was one of those taking part in the translations , described them as ` the largest single collection of medical papyri to be published . ' Hundreds of thousands of texts written on papyrus were found at Oxyrhynchus during the excavation -LRB- above -RRB- . The papyrus are owned by the Egypt Exploration Society and kept at the Sackler Library at the University of Oxford . The medical documents all date from the first century AD to the sixth century AD . These images of some of the medical papyrus found at Oxyrhynchus contain descriptions for treating eye conditions , fever and haemorrhoids with surgery . It is thought the hangover cure may have been necessary as many ancient societies drank wine rather than water , which was unsanitised . The newly translated medical texts also include recipes for helping to halt the spread of ulcers , others for treating hemorrhoids , toothache , gangrene and a dozen for treating eye conditions . One recipe describes the need to rub a decapitated ant onto a stye . Another for treating a discharge of mucus from the eyes called rheum , uses a mixture of copper flakes , antimony oxide , white lead , washed lead dross , starch , dried roses , rain water , gum Arabic , poppy juice and a plant called Celtic spikenard . Another gruesome text explains the technique for eye surgery to treat someone whose eyelid had turned inside out . While fragmented , it still makes unpleasant reading . It says : ` the eye ... i began ... by the temple ... the other from the temple ... to remove with a small round-bladed knife ... the edge of the eyelid from outside ... from within until I scooped out . ' Dr Leith said many of the recipes could have been written out like prescriptions for people to follow . He said : ` We tried to give a good selection of different types of medical text in the volume . ` For example there are scholarly commentaries on famous medical writings , surgical texts , handbooks for students giving definitions of medical terms , treatises on acute diseases , as well as instructions on preparing perfumed oils - which could be used for medical purposes - and medical recipes . The documents were found at the ancient town of Oxyrhynchus , in Egypt around 100miles -LRB- 160 km -RRB- form Cairo . ` One of the fragments contains a detailed description of the surgical procedure for removing haemorrhoids , though the author emphasises that in operating on the patient one of the haemorrhoids must be left untouched . ` Two others offer in-depth discussions of different kinds of fever and their treatment . ` It 's natural to assume that most of these Oxyrhynchus papyri will have been bought or copied by doctors too for their own use . ` On the other hand , some of the medical recipes may have been copied out by ordinary individuals , so that they could have particular remedies to hand for themselves or their families . ' This papyrus is an example of texts discoverd at Oxyrhynchus and features Euclid 's Elements of Geometry . Ancient Egyptians would did not have modern hangover cures and used strings of leaves instead , according to new translations of 1,900 year old texts found at Oxyrhynchus in Egypt . Image above posed by a model . The longest medical papyrus ever found is the Papyrus Ebers -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It contains more than 800 treatments for eye problems to digestive disorders . Texts found on the site of Deir el-Medina identify a workman on the crew designated as the ` swnw ' , or physician . The physician was given an assistant and both were allotted days off to prepare medicine and take care of colleagues . This physician would have most likely treated the workmen with remedies and incantations found in his medical papyrus . These texts acted like a reference book for the ancient Egyptian medical practitioner , listing individual treatments for different ailments . The longest of these ever found is called Papyrus Ebers and contains more than 800 treatments covering eye problems to digestive disorders . The source of the papyrus is unknown , but it was said to have been found between the legs of a mummy in the Theban necropolis . A suggested treatment for a condition that had symptoms similar to asthma is listed as a mixture of herbs heated on a brick so the sufferer could inhale the fumes . Another treatment , this time for intestinal worms , required the physician to cook the cores of dates and a desert plant called colocynth together in sweet beer . He would then have sieved the warm liquid and gave it to the patient to drink for four days . While smearing a paste of dates , acacia , and honey to wool and applying it as a pessary would be used as a form of contraception by the worker 's wives .