Floyd Mayweather Jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them : ` The time will come when I make a hundred million dollars in one night . ' He says : ` They told me I was crazy . ' That was when he broke away from Bob Arum , who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time . Manny Pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in Las Vegas on May 2 . But Mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank . Floyd Mayweather hits the pads with his uncle Roger during a media workout at his Las Vegas gym . Mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight against Manny Pacquiao . Mayweather works to the body with co-trainer Nate Jones in front of a huge crowd at his gym . Floyd Mayweather Snr and Mayweather 's daughter Iyanna were also at the workout . Mayweather boxing camp coordinator DeJuan Blake helps his cousin do neck exercises as he works out . As the master of his own destiny , the man who calls himself Money dictated when this mega-mega-fight between the two best boxers on the planet would happen . ` Five years too late , ' cry the critics . ` It 's all in the timing , ' smiles Floyd . Five years ago they would have split $ 60m at most . Five years ago only the boxing fraternity would have been paying attention . Five years ago we would have pitched up at his gym when we liked . Now Mayweather will bank upwards of $ 180m , Pacquiao $ 120m . Now the whole wide world is waiting their collision with bated breath . On this frantic Tuesday , heavy security guarded the Mayweather Boxing Club for his media day . Cameras from more than 30 television stations , scores of journalists and his usual crew of friends and admirers await and eventually witness a nominal workout in that overcrowded , overheated room . Ironically , given that the human threat to his unbeaten record is from Manila , the location is in a mini-Chinatown . Does Floyd eat Filipino ? There are Chinese , Thai , Vietnamese cafes ... but no restaurants specialising in Philippines food . Cutman Rafael Garcia puts tape over the eyes and mouth of an image of Pacquiao on the wall . Members of the media and Mayweather 's team wait for the arrival of the main attraction at his gym . Mayweather 's hands are wrapped before he is put through his paces in front of the watching media . Mayweather is flanked by his team as his hands are wrapped before the workout on Tuesday . Mayweather switches to the bag as he shows off the skills he believes will be enough to beat Pacquiao . Floyd Mayweather suspects Manny Pacquiao has a neurosis about being the smaller man , which leads him to wear lifts in the heel of his shoes when they stand face to face . Asked if he thought Pacquiao had been bothered by anything at their fight-launch stare-down , Mayweather said : ` He 's been surprised to see me so much bigger and taller . And I know he wears little lifts in his shoes . ' The tale of the tape measures Mayweather standing 5ft 8in , Pacquiao 5ft 6 1/2 in . Mayweather arrived , somewhat on the late side , in his new , state-of-the-art , very expensive Mercedes Party Bus . He was preceded into the parking lot by his latest girlfriend driving an even costlier white Rolls Bentley coupe . The rest of the super-charged fleet stayed home in the mansion 's garage . Floyd was followed to work by an LAPD police car . Only this time they were not chasing the man who has had his run-ins with the law . They were guarding one of the most important assets of the city of Las Vegas , which stands to profit by billions in big fight week . All in the timing . ` This thing just grows and grows , ' says Mayweather . ` We now have one of the biggest fights ever in boxing history . And its not only about the money . ` One fight wo n't define my legacy . What about the 47 I 've already won ? ` It 's an important fight . It wraps everything together -- the money and my boxing . ` But if one fight defined everything this would be the only one I 'd have needed . ' And after this , he says , there will be only one more . Because it no longer amuses him like it did . ` I 'm pretty much done with all this , ' he tells a few of us summoned into a pocket in the middle of a crowd of people and cameras huge enough to do justice to a royal wedding . ` It 's not fun like it was back then , ' he explains . ` It 's business now . I do n't really enjoy it any longer . ' He promises to fulfil the sixth and last fight of his mega-millions Showtime pay-per-view contract : ` Final one at the MGM Grand in September . ' Bob Ware adjusts Mayweather 's gloves as he works out at his Las Vegas gym . Mayweather hits a speed bag as he works out in front of a poster of Pacquiao with his eyes and mouth taped . Mayweather works out with his trainers as the media swarm around the ring to get a glimpse of the superstar . Mayweather took time to speak to the media at one of the few such events before fight week in Las Vegas . Mayweather speaks to the media with the giant figure of Pacquiao looming in the background . Why always the MGM Grand Garden ? He grins , shakes a right wrist wrapped in a glittering diamond and gold bracelet . It reminds him of the first time tickets for a fight of his there sold out inside six minutes and he happened to mention he had noticed a bejewelled watch in a shop window at one of the MGM hotels . ` They just went and got it as a gift for me , ' he says . ` Ran to about $ 400,000 . ' He 's come a long way from the drug-strewn , gangland streets of Grand Rapids , Michigan where he grew up in poverty . But much as those baubles are stamped with the hallmarks of his journey to wealth and fame , Mayweather knows it was a human quality which made it possible . ` Loyalty , ' he says . ` Loyalty is the heartbeat of boxing . Whenever I need something the MGM get it for me . When I fight one of the biggest fights of all time , I take it to the MGM Grand Garden . ' The clamour around him never stops but there have been heavily hyped events like this before which have turned into anti-climax for the public . Will this one be worth the money , at $ 10,000 for a ringside seat rising to more than $ 200,000 on the black market , at virtually $ 100 per pay-per-view buy here in America ? It 's all in the timing : ` Our names are way bigger than five years ago . You have the two best in the world fighting each other , at the pinnacle of their careers . And our styles should work . It 'll be exciting . ' Mayweather warms up by doing sit ups before he works out in front of the media . Having arrived late for his own workout , Mayweather worked up a sweat with his trainers . Mayweather laughs with David Hasselhoff , who was among the celebrities to attend the workout . American rapper Lil ' Kim also stopped by the gym to watch Mayweather perform his workout . Hayley Roberts and Hasselhoff arrive at the gym in Las Vegas to see Mayweather put through his paces . Not that Mayweather is exactly jumping around in frenzied expectation : ` I 'm not excited . This is another fight for me . Yeah it 's big but basically it 's no different from all the others . Once we get in that ring it 's a level playing field . ` At my age -LRB- 38 -RRB- I 'm over getting nervous about an opponent . I 'm past getting wound up . What I have to do is get in that ring and be myself . Be the best Floyd Mayweather . ' That , he is sure , will be enough to win . The fight sells itself . But he carries a quiet air of confidence . There is much speculation about Pacquiao storming his fabled defence but he says : ` We 'll see . I know I can make adjustments to any fighter . Whatever he does , I can assess and make changes if I have to . ` I 'm calm , smooth , calculated and thinking five steps ahead of any opponent . But can he adjust ? He 's a reckless fighter . We saw that when he got knocked out by -LRB- Juan Manuel -RRB- Marquez . ' All in the timing ? Mayweather is grateful that Pacquiao has survived long enough to play his part in what is fast approaching a half-billion dollar extravaganza . ` If I fought as reckless as Manny , ' he says . ` I would n't be here today . I 'd be beaten up , worn out . I 've controlled my fights . ' Mayweather works the heavy bag with just over two weeks to go before he steps into the ring with Pacquiao . Mayweather throws a right hook as he continues to show off his skills on the pads with his uncle . Mayweather throws an uppercut as dozens of cameras are trained on the superstar from the ring apron . Mayweather takes a break from his workout in the heat of his Las Vegas gym . Mayweather wipes away the sweat as he is put through his paces on a warm day in Sin City . Pacquiao has also fought more often so by that assessment it is fortunate for him , Mayweather and their bankers that he is two years the younger . Mayweather pauses and adds : ` If I had n't made that decision to be my own boss I would n't be where I will be in the Grand Garden on May 2 . ' Wherever he goes in his adopted home town , be it a booming casino , a heaving night club or his favourite fast food joint Fatburger on the Vegas Strip , Mr Money brews up a storm . One created by the nature of the desert blows into the marquee in which we are talking . Chairs and tables fly . As most of the group run for cover Mayweather plays pretend scared , then strolls into his gym . It seems nothing frightens this man who arrived for work this day in a convoy of ludicrously expensive vehicles . Not a Nevada sand storm . Not Typhoon PacMan blowing in from the Philippines .