Amazon has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test the latest version of its delivery drone outdoors , less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing . The Federal Aviation Administration had earlier given the green light to an Amazon prototype drone in March , but the company told U.S. lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency 's permission . The FAA granted Amazon 's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday , posted on the agency 's website . Scroll down for video . The company must supply monthly data to the regulators , and conduct flights at 400 feet -LRB- 120 metres -RRB- orbelow and in ` visual meteorological conditions , ' Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air . The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds . About 86 percent of Amazon 's deliveries are 5 pounds or less , the company said . ` We believe customers will love it , and we are committed to making Prime Air available to customers worldwide as soon as we are permitted to do so , ' Amazon has said . Amazon must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet -LRB- 120 meters -RRB- and no faster than 100 miles per hour -LRB- 160 km per hour -RRB- , according to the letter . Seattle-based Amazon.com has been pursuing its goal of sending packages to customers by air , using small , self-piloted aircraft , even as it faces public concern about safety and privacy . The company wants to use drones to deliver packages to its customers over distances of 10 miles -LRB- 16 km -RRB- or more , which would require drones to travel autonomously while equipped with technology to avoid collisions with other aircraft . In February , the FAA proposed long-awaited rules to try to set U.S. guidelines for drones , addressing growing interest from both individual and corporations in using unmanned aerial vehicles . Amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Previously the firm blasted federal regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing - and warned the United States is falling behind other countries in the potentially lucrative area of unmanned aviation technology . Less than a week after the Federal Aviation Administration gave Amazon.com the green light to test a delivery drone outdoors , the company told U.S. lawmakers that the prototype drone had already become obsolete while the company waited more than six months for the agency 's permission . ` Nowhere outside of the United States have we been required to wait more than one or two months to begin testing , ' Misener said in written testimony submitted to the Senate Subcommittee on Aviation Operations , Safety and Security . Misener said Amazon had applied on Friday for permission to test a more advanced drone system and now hopes for quicker approval . The Amazon.com case illustrates the frustrations of many companies and industry lobbyists , who say the U.S. regulatory process is not keeping up with rapidly developing drone technology that could generate new revenues and cost savings for a range of industries . Misener , who was scheduled to join a witness panel at the subcommittee hearing , said European and other international authorities have more ` reasonable ' approaches that recognize the potential economic benefits of commercial drone operations . ` This low level of government attention and slow pace are inadequate , especially compared to the regulatory efforts in other countries , ' Misener said . ` The -LRB- FAA -RRB- already has adequate statutory authority . ` What the FAA needs is impetus , lest the United States fall further behind , ' he added . The FAA recently proposed rules that would lift the current ban on most commercial drone flights , but several restrictions attached would make package delivery and other business applications unfeasible . Among other constraints , the proposed rules would limit commercial drones to an altitude of 500 feet -LRB- 150 metres -RRB- , allow flights only during daytime and require operators to keep the aircraft in sight at all times . The agency does not expect to finalize the rules until late 2016 or early 2017 , according to government officials .