Ironing may be the Marmite of household chores . But , love it or loathe it , unless you want to look like you 've slept on a park bench , you ca n't avoid it . British company Swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for £ 279.99 . But does it really make things easier ? Tessa Cunningham finds out . SUPER STEAMER . Swan SI9031N Steam Generator Iron , £ 279.99 , swan-brand . co.uk . If you loathe ironing enough to splash out almost £ 300 , then Swan 's luxury model could be the one for you . It cut my ironing time by half . It 's usually my least favouite chore , but when testing this one , I got to work in front of Poldark and was done within 20 minutes . Because all the water is in the separate 1,000 ml generator tank , the iron itself is lightweight . The steam is forced out of the generator through a hose into the iron , shooting out at 90g per minute -- twice as fast as conventional steam irons -LRB- think of the difference in power between jet-washing and using a hosepipe -RRB- -- cutting through creases quicker . As well as being more powerful , it also produces twice as much steam , making shorter work of wrinkles . On the downside , despite the investment , you get only a two-year guarantee . 3/5 . PRECISION PERFECT . Philips Easy Speed Plus , £ 29.50 , amazon.co.uk . The big selling point of this pretty aqua blue iron is the precision tip , which means you can get really sharp creases flat with minimum elbow grease , making it perfect for shirts and trousers . I also love the vertical steam option , which means you can smooth creases from hanging fabrics , such as curtains , by holding the iron vertically 2 in away and pressing the steam button . Steam output is 35g per minute -- with a boost function of up to 120g to blast at stubborn creases . Impressive for the price . 4/5 . BARGAIN BUY . Swan Steam Iron SI1001ON , £ 19.99 , argos.co.uk . This does an adequate job and you get a lot for your money -- including a generous 350 ml water tank and variable steam control , which means you can opt for continuous steam at 40g per min or a 140g per minute shot of steam . But it 's so heavy , at 1.3 kg , that I 'm in danger of developing muscles like Popeye if I keep using it . And while the dolphin-shaped nose helps me reach tricky areas , such as around shirt buttons , it makes the iron look downright ugly . I also found the soleplate scaled up quickly . 2/5 . POWER HOUSE . Braun TexStyle 7 TS755 , £ 49.99 , johnlewis.com . This looks like a fighter jet , and is so heavy -LRB- 1.3 kg empty and 1.65 kg when the water tank is full -RRB- it makes ironing even more of an effort . On the plus side , the ergonomic handle is easy to hold . I also like the way the cable is 2.5 m long -- useful if you ca n't get near a plug . It 's impressively powerful . Steam shoots out at 50g per minute and the precision shot also releases steam at 170g per minute . 3/5 . LIGHTWEIGHT PRO . Russell Hobbs Autosteam Pro Iron , £ 19.99 , argos.co.uk . One of the cheapest irons I tried , this is beautifully lightweight at 1.14 kg despite having a large 320 ml water tank . There are lots of functions such as a non-stick soleplate and a vertical steam option . You also get a generous two-metre cord . But it falls down on the one job I 'm paying for -- ironing . Although it is supposed to be non-drip , it leaked at low temperatures and left unsightly marks on my silk shirt . 2/5 . VALUE FOR MONEY . Philips PerfectCare Pure Steam Generator , £ 119.99 , robertdyas.co.uk . The nearest rival to the Swan iron and less than half the price , this is fantastic value for a top-range model bursting with extras . I normally dread ironing my grandmother 's thick linen table cloth , but I removed every crease in seconds with no effort . It 's all thanks to the impressive 1.5-litre water reservoir which pumps out high-pressure steam at 110g per minute . And the soleplate is designed so steam is distributed evenly -- meaning fewer strokes and speedy ironing . The manufacturer boasts that you never need to change the settings as it creates the perfect temperature level whether you are ironing silk PJs or kids ' jeans . I tried it -- and it was true . You also get a five-year guarantee . 5/5 . CORDLESS POWER . Tefal Freemove FV9970 , £ 79.99 , johnlewis.com . Tefal is hugely proud of its cordless iron . And with good reason . The base recharges the iron during each rest period , which means there is no cord getting in your way , and the control panel lets you know when you need to recharge . It 's powerful , too -- delivering an impressive 180g per minute shot of steam . The handy steam on-demand trigger got rid of stubborn creases in my partner 's shirts . It also has a vertical steam option . I used it to blast away creases in a dress that had been hanging in my wardrobe for too long -- much easier than dragging out the ironing board . If you 're happy to pay over the odds to dispense with a cord , this is a great option . 3/5 . TURBO STEAM . Tefal Ultimate Anti-Calc FV9603 , £ 69.99 , argos.co.uk . Lots of impressive features here -- such as a unit which collects all the limescale from your iron . A turbo steam function delivers a mighty 200g per minute jet of steam and an anti-drip mechanism cuts down on the chances of water leaking . But this iron is too darn heavy : a stonking 1.5 kg when empty ; once the 350 ml tank is full , it 's like lifting a brick . On the plus side , it provides the perfect excuse to hand over the ironing to my partner . 3/5 .