Over the past couple of weeks it has n't just been Zayn Malik 's departure from One Direction that has been making the headlines , it 's been his personal life too . For Zayn 's relationship with Little Mix singer Perrie Edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance . At the weekend Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand recently . Scroll down for video . Zayn and Perrie pictured in happier times , the young couple have this week jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of him cheating . The 24-year-old told The Sun On Sunday 's James Beale : ` Perrie should not stay with Zayn any longer because he has cheated on her and continues to lie about it . It is not the first time either , so maybe she will walk away . ' And Martina is right , this is n't the first time Zayn has been accused of cheating . In fact , the pair 's union could be compared to that of Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Ashley Cole . The similarities are certainly there . Like Cheryl and Ashley both Zayn and Perrie , 21 , have enjoyed a huge amount of fame . And like Cheryl and Ashley their romance has been dogged with cheating allegations , almost from the start . Cheryl and Ashley were happily married until she discovered that he had cheated on her on several occasions . The X Factor alumni twosome first got together in August 2011 but by August 2012 it was being reported that Zayn had been filmed through the keyhole of a hotel room with another woman . Then in February 2013 the couple were hit by a kiss and tell when Australian waitress Courtney Webb told The Sun newspaper than she had bedded the then 20-year-old . Courtney - who took photos of Zayn while he was asleep - said at the time : ` He 's an absolute s ** t . How dare he - not only to me but to Perrie ? ' She also added : ` I definitely do n't think it 's the first time he 's done this . I feel sorry for Perrie - she does n't know this is going on . It 's wrong and it has to stop . ' Then at the beginning of March Zayn was pictured with his arm around a girl named Lauren Richardson in Thailand , a second shot showed the pair holding hands . Zayn has been accused of cheating on four occasions , the first was by Courtney Webb -LRB- left -RRB- , the most recent was Swedish model Martina Olsson . When Courtney claimed she had bedded Zayn she claimed took these photographs of him apparently sleeping in her bed . After this picture of Zayn with Lauren Richardson was released he Tweeted saying that he loved Perrie . This photograph enraged One Direction fans as it appears that Zayn is holding Lauren 's hand in the picture . That was , in fact , the only time that Zayn , who left One Direction last week after five years in the band , has made any comment on the stories of his betrayal . He took to Twitter to say : ` I 'm 22 years old ... I love a girl named Perrie Edwards . And there 's a lot of jealous f *** in this world I 'm sorry for what it looks like x ' But just a week or so later Martina 's claims came out . She alleged that Zayn had asked her to share a shower with him before taking her to the bedroom of the apartment where he was staying . For Cheryl , who is now re-married , the cheating rumours eventually became too much and she ended her marriage to Ashley in 2010 . At the time the footballer had been accused of cheating her two years . The first was hairdresser Aimee Walton who claimed to have slept with him . By February 2010 , just a month before Cheryl announced their split , four more women had come forward to say the same . Zayn and Perrie got engaged in 2013 but he has since been accused of cheating on her on several occasions . Tracey Cox says that Zayn 's level of fame will be difficult for someone so young . But Perrie , who accepted Zayn 's marriage proposal in August 2013 , is currently sticking by her man - who has yet to comment on the latest allegations . She and Zayn were pictured boarding a private jet earlier this week and are thought to be on a ` make or break ' holiday . For the most part though , despite the on-going accusations of infidelity , Zayn has remained relatively high in public favour - unlike Ashley . We spoke to relationship expert Tracey Cox who told us that this could be because he is younger . She said : ` I think at this point the public are more lenient on him because he is a young guy in a boy band rather than a footballer , who are known for excessive behaviour and thinking the rules do n't apply to them . ` But the main difference between his behaviour and that of Ashley Cole is that he 's young . ` His fame might seem appealing but the reality of coping with that much money and fame at such a young age is going to have consequences . ` Of course , he 's going to make some mistakes along the way . I believe him when he says he 's stressed . Will Perrie and Zayn 's relationship ended up like Cheryl and Ashley 's ? Tracey continued : ` Ashley is older and , as an adult , should have the maturity to go beyond instant gratification to be able to think through the consequences . ` The other difference of course is that Ashley was married to Cheryl while Zayn is dating . There 's a different level of commitment there . ` But , even having said all that , I would join others in cautioning Perrie about trusting him again . ` The evidence appears clear that some type of infidelity is happening on a regular basis and by taking him back after each incident , Perrie is effectively saying it 's OK to cheat . ' MailOnline has contacted Zayn 's representative for comment .