British police helped Australian officials foil a suspected Lee Rigby-style terror attack on police during First World War commemorations , it emerged today . A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn , Lancashire was arrested after he allegedly communicated with Australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in Melbourne on Anzac Day , which takes place this Saturday . When the alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police , they tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects , arresting five men over the weekend . Police are now working to shore up security for a string of Anzac Day events taking place in London , including services at the Cenotaph and Westminster Abbey to be attended by the Queen , Prince Philip and Prince William . Scroll down for video . Arrest : Police have arrested a 14-year-old on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack in Australia -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Greater Manchester Police said today that the 14-year-old was first arrested on April 2 after police intercepted communications between him and an Australian man , allegedly relating to a planned terrorist attack . He was then re-arrested on Saturday on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , and is currently being questioned by police in custody . Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack after British authorities passed on their findings to police in Australia , and on Saturday 18-year-old Sevdet Besim was charged with terror offences . It was claimed today that the Australian men planned to knock over a policeman with a car then stab him to death , in a chilling echo of the murder of British soldier Lee Rigby two years ago . A security official told ABC that the terrorists then planned steal the dead officer 's gun and go on a shooting rampage which would not end until they were shot dead themselves . The alleged plot is similar to the killing of Fusilier Rigby , who was run over by Muslim converts Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale outside his barracks in Woolwich before they attacked him with knives and attempted to behead him . Attack : Sevdet Besim , pictured , has been charged with planning an attack in Melbourne on Anzac Day . Arrest : A suburban house in Melbourne where one of the alleged terrorist plotters was arrested on Saturday . Tony Mole , from the North-West Counter-Terrorism Unit , said today : ` We have uncovered communication between an individual in the North West and a man in Australia to what we believe is a credible terrorist threat . ` As soon as this information came to light we acted quickly with the relevant authorities here and abroad and this has resulted with officers from the NWCTU arresting a teenager . ` The nature of the communication is currently under full assessment and subject to investigation . ` We are continuing to work closely with the police in Australia and Lancashire and I want to reassure the public that we have not uncovered an imminent attack in the UK and there is no immediate threat towards the communities of Lancashire , the North-West and the UK . ' Australian Federal Police said : ` Victoria Police and the Australian Federal Police can confirm a link between the arrest of a 14-year-old boy in Blackburn , Lancashire in the United Kingdom on Saturday with Operation Rising , a joint Counter Terrorism Team operation . ` The nature of the communication will form part of the investigation and therefore it would not be appropriate to comment further . ' In the wake of the Melbourne arrests , Australian officials have ramped up security for Anzac Day events , while police in Britain are reviewing the arrangements for Anzac Day celebrations in the UK . This year 's commemorations are considered particularly significant , as April 25 marks the 100th anniversary of the start of the ill-fated Gallipoli campaign , which led to the deaths of 11,500 troops from Australia and New Zealand . Horrors : Soldiers pictured during the Gallipoli campaign , which left thousands of Allied troops dead . Commemoration : The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh pictured laying a wreath at the Cenotaph in 1990 , the 75th anniversary of the campaign ; they are set to do the same during a ceremony on Saturday . London is hosting three commemorative ceremonies on Saturday - a dawn service at Hyde Park Corner , a wreath-laying ceremony at the Cenotaph on Whitehall and a service of thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey . The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh are due to attend the services at the Cenotaph and Westminster Abbey , while the Duke of Cambridge will join them at the Cenotaph and Princess Anne will attend the dawn service . Security is already set to be high at all three events , with those attending told to carry photographic ID , but it could be ramped up further after the recent terror arrests . Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu of the Metropolitan Police said over the weekend : ` Following counter-terrorism arrests in Australia this weekend and allegations of attack planning against Anzac Day commemorations and police officers in Australia , we are reviewing security plans at related events in the UK . ` We already have protective security plans in place for major Anzac events in the UK but as a sensible precaution all forces have been asked to review security arrangements at related events to ensure they are safe and secure for the public and officers . ` While there is no information to suggest a specific threat to related events in the UK - and the current UK threat level remains unchanged - the public should remain vigilant . ' At least 50 events commemorating Anzac Day are set to take place in other parts of the UK this weekend , including services at Manchester Cathedral , Winchester Cathedral and Oxford University . Australian police said on Saturday that Sevdet Besim and another 18-year-old were planning to use ` edged weapons ' to attack officers in Melbourne while Anzac Day celebrations are taking place . The teenagers were said to be inspired by Islamic extremist Numan Haider , who was shot dead by police in September last year after he attacked officers with a knife outside a Melbourne police station . Like Britain , Australia has been suffering from an apparent upsurge in would-be jihadists as the rise of ISIS has attracted young Australians to fight in the Middle East and plot terror attacks at home . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .