Bayern Munich legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena . Klopp , who won two Bundesliga titles in seven years , has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer . And Beckenbauer believes the 47-year-old would be the perfect fit for Bayern when Guardiola , who has a contract until the summer of 2016 , moves on . Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich . Klopp has already announced that he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer . Klopp won two Bundesliga title in seven seasons with Borussia Dortmund despite being dubbed underdogs . Beckenbauer , who had two spells as manager at Bayern , told Sky : ` Of course I could imagine Klopp as Guardiola 's successor . ` When I was president , we often talked about Klopp and believe he would fit very well at Bayern . ` Klopp is definitely an option at Bayern . The question is , how long Guardiola will be in Munich . I hope for a long time , but Klopp would be considered . ` I ca n't imagine that Guardiola would leave in 2016 . He likes Munich . He has had success with the team and he knows that he can succeed in the future . He has everything he wants . ' Guardiola 's side were named Bundesliga champions on Sunday and the Spaniard will be hoping to continue the quest for silverware when he faces former club Barcelona in the Champions League . Beckenbauer has tipped Klopp -LRB- left -RRB- to replace Guardiola at the Allianz Arena in the future . Beckenbauer believes only a fully fit squad will get passed Lionel Messi and co in the Champions League . Bayern were given arguably the hardest draw of the competition when they were pitched against the Catalan club and Beckenbauer believes only a fully fit Bayern Munich can beat messi and co. . He said : ` Messi is a divine player . The whole team stands and falls with Messi . If Bayern manage to take Messi out of the game then they have a chance . ` If you really want to have a chance against Barcelona , then you need to have a complete team . You need Franck Ribery , David Alaba and Arjen Robben . ' Bayern legend Beckenbauer believes Franck Ribery -LRB- left -RRB- and Arjen Robben -LRB- right -RRB- could be key against Barca .