First it was revealed that lashings of baby oil were used to keep Aidan Turner 's rippling torso looking suitably divine in the hit BBC Sunday night series Poldark . Then came the admission that while Aidan , 31 , very ` definitely ' did not wear mascara to enhance his seductive stares , he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes . Now , it seems eagle-eyed Poldark fans have a new question on their lips : just where has Aidan 's chest hair gone ? Scroll down for video . A good smattering ! Has actor Aidan Turner , who has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect , been ` manscaping ' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look ? Definitely no ` scything ' here ... Aidan 's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for BBC comedy drama Being Human , which aired earlier this year . New images have emerged of the Irish star , whose brooding good looks have seen him capture a million hearts , looking a little more , shall we say , hirsute . In images shot to promote another BBC series Being Human , the actor , who is dating fellow rising Irish star Sarah Greene , appears to have a much thicker chest of hair , suggesting that he 's done away with his natural rug in a bid to really show off the muscles underneath . Although it seems the BBC make-up department may have gone for a little gentle pruning rather than offering up the full , shaven reveal in a bid to stay true to the 18th century male grooming that Ross Poldark himself might have partaken in . It 's unlikely that such a character would have reached for the razor , so a smattering of hair remains . Aidan 's chest has been the subject of much viewer devotion throughout the series so far , thanks to the actor disrobing in plenty of scenes . Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate . One viewer , @AidanTurner_Fan , remarked that she would rather see her favourite star with a full rug : ` Asked to shave his chest hair off ?!! I 'd rather he had it all ! ' Scythed but not clean shaven ? The brooding star has stubble but not the bearded look the actor appears to favour in real life . Still brooding but a more natural image : A bearded Aidan pictured with his girlfriend Sarah Greene at the premiere for The Hobbit back in 2014 . While others have commented that even a smattering is too much . User Laura Kate said : ` I just ca n't forgive that chest hair . I just ca n't ! But it 's Aiden turner I could try . #Poldark ' . And some got hot under the collar at the very thought of it . Tattooed _ Mummy wrote on the social media site : ` I ca n't think of anything other than running my hands through Ross Poldark 's chest hair . ' The actor has confessed that he is ` inherently lazy ' when it comes to perfecting his body beautiful and only really got in shape for Poldark as filming start dates approached . ` I worked hard for six weeks , killing myself in the gym , watching what I eat and staying away from bad food . But I would never , ever do all that if I was n't prepping for a role . That 's the only time it just happens , ' he explained . ` I 'm not like that now . I 'm back to my usual soft self . '