The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to approve Loretta Lynch as President Barack Obama 's next attorney general , ending a five-month deadlock that made Lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys general combined . The first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official , Lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote . Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch 's nomination . He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote . A copy of a Cruz for President invitation later began flying around Twitter that showed the GOP presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner and billionaire Tom Hicks . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . IN : The first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official , Lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote , with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her . OUT : She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday , replacing Eric Holder . Lynch is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday , replacing Eric Holder . The White House said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it was n't likely to be today . President Barack Obama said in a statement after that the vote that ` America will be better off ' having Lynch as its next top cop . ` She will bring to bear her experience as a tough , independent , and well-respected prosecutor on key , bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform , ' he said . ` Loretta 's confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe , keep our nation secure , and ensure that every American experiences justice under the law . ' Ten Republicans voted for Lynch , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and expected presidential candidate Lindsey Graham , the senior senator from South Carolina . Florida 's Marco Rubio did not vote in her favor . Cruz tried to block Lynch from clearing a procedural hurdle earlier in the day , giving an impassioned speech on the chamber floor urging his colleagues to oppose her nomination , but was missing when the final tally was taken . ` The Republican majority , if it so chose , could defeat this nomination , ' the 2016 Oval Office candidate said said during the debate on whether to take a formal vote on her nomination . ` I would note there are a few voters back home that are asking what exactly is the difference between a Democratic and Republican majority , ' he charged . It was not immediately clear why the senator - who had not been shy about his intentions to vote against Lynch - was absent from the floor during the formal vote and a spokeswoman for his 2016 campaign simply told Daily Mail Online that he had a prior commitment in Texas . Like a representative from his Senate office noted on Twitter , the spokeswoman , Catherine Frazier , said he voted no on cloture , and that 's the only one ` that mattered . ' ` As you know Sen. Cruz led the charge to oppose her nomination at every turn for the last several months , ' she added . Minutes later the Cruz for President invitation began circulating online . The VIP portion of the event starts at 6 pm central , meaning Cruz needed to leave the East Coast to by mid-afternoon arrive at the party on time . Hicks , who is currently in the process of selling his estate , on the market for $ 98 million as of last month , is a neighbor of former U.S. President George W. Bush , also a Republican and a former co-owner of the Rangers . MISSING : Ted Cruz was not present for today 's final vote on Lynch . He was the only member of the Senate who was absent . A copy of a Cruz for President invitation that later began flying around Twitter indicates the Texas senator skipped town early to make a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner and billionaire Tom Hicks . The voting margin reflected many Republicans ' disapproval of Lynch 's support for an executive order issued by Obama in November that was meant to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from the threat of deportation . Before the vote , Republican Senator Jeff Sessions , an outspoken critic of that action , blasted Lynch . ` We do not have to confirm someone to the highest law enforcement position in America if that someone is publicly committed to denigrating Congress , violating law , ' he said . Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid berated Republicans for delaying the confirmation and said Lynch was ` as qualified a candidate ' as he 'd seen in almost 30 years in the Senate . Lynch has awaited confirmation since November when Obama , a fellow Harvard Law School graduate , nominated her . After winning November 's midterm elections , Republicans asked the Democratic-led Senate not to shove a vote on Lynch down their throats . In a show of good faith , Democrats acquiesced and let the clock run out on their leadership in the Senate . Her nomination was backed by the Senate 's Judiciary Committee by a vote of 12-8 on Feb. 26 . But her confirmation languished over an impasse in the Republican-led Senate on an unrelated bill meant to protect human trafficking victims . Democrats had balked at an anti-abortion provision included in that bill , and Senate Majority Leader McConnell put a hold on all business until that issue was resolved . A bipartisan agreement was reached earlier this week , and as a result the process to consider Lynch was allowed to move forward . Hicks is currently in the process of selling his estate , on the market for $ 98 million as of last month . He is a neighbor of former U.S. President George W. Bush , also a Republican and a former co-owner of the Rangers . MYSTERY SOLVED : Minutes after a spokesperson for Cruz told Daily Mail Online that the senator had a prior commitment in Texas that caused him to miss the vote , this Cruz for President invitation began circulating online . The VIP portion of the event begins at 6 pm central , meaning Cruz needed to leave the East Coast to by mid-afternoon arrive at the party on time . Despite the delay , she was widely seen as less controversial than Holder , who often clashed with Republicans . She has said she aims to smooth relations with Congress . As attorney general , her earliest tests will likely include handling civil rights cases stemming from deadly altercations between police and unarmed black men in several U.S. cities . The Justice Department has said it will look into bringing civil rights charges over the death of a Baltimore man who died after sustaining a spinal cord injury while in police custody . Lynch will also inherit major financial cases involving allegations that some of the world 's largest banks helped clients evade U.S. taxes and manipulated the currency markets . An accomplished career prosecutor , Lynch has twice served as U.S. attorney in Brooklyn , New York , most recently since 2010 . Her office there handled more terrorism prosecutions than most other offices in the United States . For two years , she also led a committee that advised the attorney general on policy . At a Senate confirmation hearing on Jan. 28 , Lynch said that her top priorities would include fighting terrorist threats and cyber crime , and improving relations between law enforcement and minority communities .