Chelsea moved another step closer to securing the Premier League title , after Cesc Fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at Loftus Road , to condemn Queens Park Rangers to a devastating defeat . Jose Mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had Thibaut Courtois to thank , following a series of impressive saves to deny Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips . Here 's how Sportsmail rated each player ... Queens Park Rangers . Rob Green - His dreadful kick led to Chelsea 's late winner . Not a moment he 'll want to remember in hurry . 5.5 . Mauricio Isla - Tasked with taming the interchanging Hazard and Willian and kept at his task admirably . 6.5 . Steven Caulker - Alongside Onuoha , the defender dealt with Drogba 's threat excellently . 7 . Nedum Onuoha - Strong display from the versatile defender , who now looks at home at centre-back . 7 . Nedum Onuoha -LRB- 15 -RRB- performed well at the back for QPR and kept Didier Drogba quiet throughout . Clint Hill - Showed tremendous desire at left-back and did well to combat both Willian and Hazard . 7 . Matt Phillips - Has shone in recent weeks for Rangers and caused Chelsea problems with his pace . 6.5 . Joey Barton - Hurried and hassled Chelsea 's midfield . Typical energy from the controversial midfielder . 6.5 . Joey Barton -LRB- centre -RRB- put in a good shift for the home side and made life difficult for Chelsea 's midfield . Matt Phillips -LRB- right -RRB- came close to scoring for QPR but his shot was brilliantly saved by Courtois . Sandro - Put a real shift in for Rangers and showed moments of quality , too . Denied a goal by Courtois ' brilliance . 6.5 . Karl Henry - His defensive instincts were vital as QPR tried to stem Chelsea 's attacking flow . 6.5 . Bobby Zamora - No wondergoal this week , but his experience was just as important in this west London derby . 6.5 . Charlie Austin - Caused Chelsea problems with his clever movement and went close on a couple of occasions . 6.5 . Subs . Niko Kranjcar 6 -LRB- for Sandro 81 -RRB- Junior Hoilett 5.5 -LRB- for Zamora 83 -RRB- ; Richard Dunne -LRB- for Isla 90 -RRB- . Chris Ramsey - 6.5 . Charlie Austin -LRB- left -RRB- nearly scored a spectacular effort in the first half but the Chelsea keeper denied him . Chelsea . Thibaut Courtois - The busier of the two keepers ; produced a brilliant save in the second to deny Phillips . 7.5 . Branislav Ivanovic - Looked comfortable for much of the afternoon as opponent Henry showed little attacking intent . 6.5 . Gary Cahill - Stood up to the physical battle with Austin and Zamora with minimal fuss . 6.5 . The Belgian goalkeeper was Chelsea 's stand-out performer with a number of crucial saves . John Terry - An unpopular figure at Loftus Road , but stood firm under hostilities from the home crowd . 7 . Cesar Azpilicueta - The left-back was kept busy by Phillips down QPR 's right , but emerged with plenty credit . 7 . Ramires - Had little impact in midfield and was hauled off by Mourinho early in the second half . 5 . Nemanja Matic - Has had far better afternoons but , as ever , offered a solid-enough shield to his back-four . 6 . Cesar Azpilicueta -LRB- left -RRB- kept QPR 's dangerous attackers quiet and was good going forward to join the attack . Cesc Fabregas - The masked midfielder was off-key all afternoon before popping up with the winner . 6.5 . Willian - Tireless as ever down both Chelsea flanks , but could n't help his side break down resolute Rangers . 6.5 . Eden Hazard - A quieter than usual afternoon for the Belgian , but still provided a telling contribution for the winner . 6 . Didier Drogba - Handed a rare start with Remy and Costa missing through injury , but had little impact on proceedings . 6 . Subs : . Oscar 6 -LRB- for Ramires , 56 -RRB- ; Juan Cuadrado 5.5 -LRB- for Willian 80 -RRB- ; Kurt Zouma -LRB- for Fabregas -RRB- . Jose Mourinho - 6.5 . Man of the Match : Courtois . Cesc Fabregas -LRB- right -RRB- slotted home the winner after good work from Eden Hazard and Oscar . Hazard -LRB- right -RRB- had a fairly quiet afternoon but provided the assist for Fabregas to win the clash .