Middlesbrough bounced back from defeat to Watford with a convincing 2-0 win over struggling Rotherham United . After losing by the same scoreline on Easter Monday , Aitor Karanka 's kept their automatic promotion hopes alive with their 14th home win of the season thanks to second-half goals by Lee Tomlin and Patrick Bamford , who also missed a late penalty . But with the top three sides all winning , Boro stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table . Lee Tomlin -LRB- centre -RRB- scored the opening goal in Middlesbrough 's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham on Saturday . Tomlin -LRB- centre -RRB- is mobbed by his Middlesbrough team-mates after his fine solo effort gives them the lead . Middlesbrough : Konstantopoulos , Kalas , Gibson , Ayala -LRB- Woodgate , 70 -RRB- , Friend , Clayton -LRB- Whitehead , 79 -RRB- , Forshaw , Adomah , Tomlin -LRB- Nsue Lopez , 85 -RRB- , Bamford , Garcia Martinez . Subs not used : Ripley , Vossen , Amorebieta , Wildschut . Goals : Tomlin 50 , Bamford 66 . Rotherham : Martinez , Hunt , Broadfoot , Wood , Lafferty , Smallwood , Arnason , -LRB- Frecklington , 69 -RRB- Bowery , Green -LRB- Sammon , 76 -RRB- , Hammill , Derbyshire -LRB- Ward , 59 -RRB- . Subs not used : . Booked : Arnason , Frecklington . Referee : Iain Williamson . Attendance : 19,537 . After a quiet start , Boro soon started to find their feet and when Rotherham failed to clear a corner in the 10th minute , returning defender Daniel Ayala tried an ambitious bicycle kick which went straight into Emiliano Martinez 's hands . The home side dominated the first half and on the half-hour they had two bites at the cherry . First Ayala 's header was cleared off the line before Tomlin 's follow-up shot was blocked . It was Albert Adomah 's turn to have a pop three minutes later when he shot from just inside the area , but Martinez did well to get down to it , and he was also denied by Danny Lafferty on the line minutes later . The opening goal came five minutes into the second half when Tomlin pressed forward and the Millers defenders stood off the forward , allowing him time and space to plant a low shot past Martinez . The United keeper had to be on his toes again five minutes after the goal when Kike played a smart ball in behind the defence for Bamford , but Martinez did well to smother the ball at his feet . Kike had a shot saved on the hour before Bamford doubled Boro 's lead six minutes later with his 16th goal of the season . Tomlin laid the ball off for the Chelsea forward and he took one touch before coolly rolling the ball past Martinez into the bottom corner . Rotherham had a rare shot at goal after 73 minutes when substitute Lee Frecklington hit a powerful drive which had Dimi Konstantopoulos beaten but it flew past his post . Patrick Bamford -LRB- left -RRB- doubled the Teesiders ' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish . The 21-year-old celebrates his strike , taking his personal tally to 16 league goals this season so far . But it was Boro who looked like the only side capable of scoring and the third nearly came in the 77th minute when Tomlin clipped an exquisite ball to the back post but Bamford 's first-time half-volley was easily saved by Martinez at his near post . Sub Emilio Nsue should have made it three with two minutes to go when he had an open goal but his shot was deflected just wide . And from the resulting corner Kike met Adam Forshaw 's ball with a thumping header which Martinez had to tip over the bar . Bamford should have bagged his 17th goal of the season when Richard Wood brought Kike down in the area , but the forward 's poor spot-kick was saved by Martinez . However , the on loan Chelsea star failed to add to his tally late on when he saw his penalty saved .