Host commentator . Wow . Real Madrid have n't got going tonight -LRB- I was about to write a post about how Barcelona were 5-0 up at this point -RRB- but James Rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring . The ball bounces up to the Colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley , dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed . That was very World Cup-esque , if you do n't mind me saying . 39 mins : As bad as Real have been , credit must go to Almeria . Their work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving , not exactly looking like a side who are sitting just above the relegation zone . They have completed 184 passes so far today , which is a decent stat given it 's not even half time yet . 31 mins : But still , it 's the visitors who are getting in behind more than Real . There are a few whistles in the crowd , and that 's about the only atmosphere there is at this point . Things may get better now though , it 's Ronaldo time again with the dead ball ... but oh dear . That sums it all up , a limp effort rises way over the crossbar . 27 mins : Uh oh . Free-kick time . James is clipped from 30 yards out and Ronaldo is licking his lips . Can he spark this game into life ? Nearly ! A swerving effort from left to right , the keeper is beaten but the ball does n't quite dip in time and lands on the roof of the net . 24 mins : Again , nice play from Almeria ! Thomas , on loan from Atletico , shows his skills down the right before cutting the ball back for Corona , who fluffs his lines . Definitely a half chance for the visitors . Real need to wake up . 19 mins : Considering the pace Barcelona were playing at last night this is pretty , er ... slow . Real have n't found their rhythm yet while Almeria are just letting them pass from side to side . 15 mins : Few more shots for the visitors , but they 're both from around 25 yards and Keylor Navas wo n't be worried by those . Still , they 're getting forward while leaving enough men back to fend against what could be a devastating counter attack . 12 mins : Better from Almeria . They 've won two out of their last three and are trying to bring some of that confidence into this one . Some sloppy passing from Illarramendi almost leads to a chance , as top scorer Hemed looks to get on the end of a cross . 7 mins : Three shots already for the hosts , with Ronaldo having the latest two . No goals ? Come on Cristiano ! First , he runs at the Almeria defence but his left-footed strike is straight at the keeper who flicks it behind - and then from the resulting corner he rises highest but that 's ballooned over the bar . 3 mins : Almeria have quite a bit of the ball early on but unsurprisingly it 's Real who almost force the opening . Javier Hernandez gets space down the left flank and his first time ball is just inches away from Cristiano Ronaldo at the back post . Soon after James meets Arbeloa 's drilled cross from the right , but the goalkeeper can watch that one wide . Ominous signs for the visitors with all this space early on though ... Away we go ! Real Madrid kicking from left to right in the first half . The sun is shining at the Bernabeu , where Odegaard came out prior to kick-off to take a picture . Cute . Minutes until kick-off now , Madrid will be hoping to follow Barca 's lead and turn on the style too . Both sets of players wearing ` Todos Con Nepal ' t-shirts in support of the victims of the Nepal earthquake , and there will also be a minute 's silence . Under the terms set out by Manchester United when they loaned the 26-year-old to Madrid , Thursday April 30 marks the end of the Spanish club 's ` exclusivity period ' to buy the player . So , will he impress tonight ? Real Madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games against Almeria , including an 8-1 victory at the Bernabeu two years ago . Carlo Ancelotti has made nine changes tonight with Iker Casillas , Dani Carvajal , Sergio Ramos , Marcelo dropping out , though there is still place for Cristiano Ronaldo and Javier Hernandez . And on that note ... Real Madrid : Navas , Arbeloa , Pepe , Varane , Coentrao , Kroos , Illarramendi , Rodriguez , Ronaldo , Jese , Hernandez . Subs : Casillas , Marcelo , Nacho , Lucas Silva , Isco , Odegaard , Mayoral . Almeria : Ruben , Ximo , Trujillo , Mauro , Mane , Verza , Thomas , Corona , Dubarbier , Hemed , Edgar . Subs : Julian , Casado , Jonathan , Sanchez , Espinosa , Marin , Azeez . Referee : Ignacio Iglesias Villanueva . It may only be a home clash against lowly Almeria , but tonight could be the biggest night of a 16-year-old 's life . Norwegian wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been named on the bench for this evening 's La Liga game and may make his debut . Before that though , there is the small matter of Real closing the gap on archrivals Barcelona . Team news coming up . Pressure is on Real Madrid as they aim to narrow the five-point gap Barcelona have opened up at the top of La Liga . Barca hammered Getafe 6-0 on Tuesday to extend their lead at the La Liga summit , but Madrid will hope to reel in their rivals with victory over a struggling Almeria team . Carlo Ancelotti has named Martin Odegaard on the Madrd bench , with the 16-year-old set to make his club debut at the Bernabeu , so follow Sportsmail 's coverage of all the action here .