Paris in the spring is the time for lounging on blankets in a park while taking in the spectacular views , sipping on local wine and nibbling on a fresh baguette and ripe Camembert . Going from shop to shop to collect all of the essentials for a picnic can be a pain , so a made-to-order delivery service is making it easier for tourists to enjoy the French capital like a local . Paris Picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city . Visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps . Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online . Le Classique picnic , which costs € 55 -LRB- £ 40 -RRB- for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , an assortment of cheeses , charcuterie , gourmet crisps , fresh fruit , a green salad , water and a seasonal dessert . Le Chic comes in at € 85 -LRB- $ 62 -RRB- and comes with all of the above , as well as Champagne , foie gras and macarons . Customers then select where and when they want their picnic delivered to . The company recommends giving them one to two days ' notice but last-minute requests can be accommodated . The Tuileries gardens near the Louvre is one of Paris ' perfect picnic spots in the spring time . For an additional fee , romantics can add a photo shoot , flowers or arrange a surprise set-up - perfect for those wanting to pop the question in the city of love . Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine . And each one is delivered in a bright yellow Piaggio called Pepe . The picnics are the brainchild of American couple Patrick Johnson and Katia Kroupnik , who state on their website : ` Whether picnicking along the Canal St-Martin or under the Eiffel Tower , up in hilly Buttes Chaumont or in one of the countless parks that span Paris from the Bois de Boulogne to the Bois de Vincennes , it 's easy to feel that Paris was made for le pique-nique . ` By partnering with artisan food and wine producers around France and offering free delivery to select locations across the city , Paris Picnic simplifies the process of planning and arranging a picnic . '