When Jade and Ross Morley were told that their first baby , Floyd-Henry , had a rare form of dwarfism called Achondroplasia , they made the decision that their son would be celebrated instead of pitied . The Morleys , from Casuarina on the north coast of NSW , released a video to explain Floyd 's condition to their friends and family , in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their ` little legend ' . Less than two years later , Floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins , and his mum Jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters . Scroll down for video . Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family , making their son Floyd-Henry , who has Achondroplasia dwarfism , a big brother . Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20 , meaning the Morley household now has three children under 20 months - a fact which Jade said is ` crazy ' . ` It was pretty unexpected . We were utterly shocked when we found out we were having twins , ' Jade told Daily Mail Australia . The twins were born on March 20 this year . The Morley 's are n't strangers to unexpected news , finding out when Floyd was only five months old that he had a rare genetic condition which meant he did n't grow as quickly as other kids . ` When we had Floyd we thought he was just a normal , happy baby . At about four months we noticed that he had really chubby arms and legs and knew something was n't right , ' Jade said . ` Even when our pediatrician ordered x-rays , we still did n't think anything was wrong . But when they came back with his notes on them , mentioning characteristics like short legs and low muscle tone , I Googled them and dwarfism just jumped out at me from every page , ' she said . ` The day the pediatrician called to tell us Floyd had Achondroplasia was the day that changed it all . ' Jade said that she and her husband Ross were ` utterly devastated ' by the diagnosis , especially because the only information she could find about Achondroplasia was quite negative . ` We could n't find anything that told us that we would be fine , that this was n't a death sentence and that we would n't be going through big surgeries , ' she said . While the couple were still grappling with the news , they decided to tell a few of their close friends about Floyd 's Achondroplasia . The Morley household now has three children under 20 months - a fact which Jade said is ` crazy ' ` It was pretty unexpected . We were utterly shocked when we found out we were having twins , ' Jade said . Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks . The twins are healthy and feeding well and are much loved by their big brother Floyd . ` When we told one of our friends , she gasped , she could n't believe it . I decided from that day I was going to educate my friends and family because I did n't want them to be sorry for Floyd , we wanted to celebrate him and have them be happy for us , ' Jade said . ` I said to my husband that it would be a nice idea do a celebratory video about Floyd and his diagnosis . I wanted to show that even though he would be a bit different that was it , I wanted to stop stares of the community because everyone would know him , ' she said . The video was posted to Facebook and which explained how Jade and Ross met , fell in love , married , and had a ` beautiful baby boy ' . The clip explains that Floyd-Henry was diagnosed with Achondroplasia , which means he will be ` a shorty - a little man , a little legend ' . ` We were just going to send it out in an email to our friends and family , so it was pretty nervewracking just putting it out there . Some of our best friends did n't even know about Floyd and we just threw it up on the internet , ' Jade said . The video quickly went viral , and was shared and liked around the world , as well as used by dwarfism awareness websites as inspirational . ` The response was beautiful , no one said they were sorry , everyone said ` how wonderful ' , which is exactly what he is , ' Jade said . ` What 's beautiful is that it 's really doing it 's job and educating our local community , which was the most important thing for me , ' she said . Jade and Ross posted a video to Facebook to explain Floyd 's Achondroplasia . The video was posted to Facebook and which explained how Jade and Ross met , fell in love , married , and had a ` beautiful baby boy ' The clip explains that Floyd 's Achondroplasia means he will be ` a shorty - a little man , a little legend ' ` It 's exactly what I hoped for . Every day in the street someone will come up to me and say ` This is Floyd ' , and they know who he is and we do n't have to explain that he is different . ' Floyd is now a happy , healthy 20-month-old , who is very excited about having two new playmates around . ` He loves the twins , he 's fascinated with them . Every morning when he wakes up he says ` mumma ' and then points to the cot where the twins are sleeping , ' Jade said . ` Floyd tries to talk to the ` bubbas ' and pats them on the head . He 's such a kind little boy which is all I care about , ' she said . The twins do n't carry the gene mutation that caused Floyd 's mutation , and were n't genetically disposed as Floyd 's condition was caused by a random rather than inherited syndrome . ` It happens in one in 40,000 babies , so they had just as much chance as getting it as anyone . We never even thought about it with them , and though we had scans right up until the birth because they were twins , we never even thought about testing them , ' Jade said . Jade said that she and Ross are looking forward to their three kids being best friends , and to them loving each other well . ` I just hope they love each other and support each other . It 's how I grew up , my brother and sisters are everything to me and I want that for my children , ' she said . Floyd is now a happy , healthy 20-month-old , who is very excited about having two new playmates around . Achondroplasia affects one in every 40,000 babies and is nomally a random genetic mutation . ` Cleo and Harry will be Floyd 's biggest supporters , beside me and Ross . ' ` Floyd is such a little dude , he is so cheeky and has the most beautiful soul . He is so funny and loves a bit of attention . We just ca n't get over his cuteness , he just stomps all over the house . ' Jade said that Floyd is an intelligent little boy who has a big future ahead of him . ` Most of his demands come from his complications . He has low muscle tone which means he does n't have as much ability as other kids , ' she said . ` In two weeks he 's having an operation to put in his gromits -LSB- hearing aids -RSB- which we 're looking forward to because at the moment it would just sound to him like he 's underwater . ' The Morley 's , who said they are n't very different from many other parents , are passionate about raising the profile of Achondroplasia in Australia . They use their tag line ` he 's small , that 's all ' in their approach to life with Floyd , and are active in connecting with other parents with children who have differences . ` There are so many parents out there that are going through a similar experience , and I think that 's why people relate to us , ' Jade said . ` When you have a child that 's a little different , you enter a world of really accepting and understanding parents , ' she said . Jade said that she and Ross are looking forward to their three kids being best friends . Jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters . We were utterly shocked when we found out we were having twins , ' Jade said . Jade said that she feels that both she and Ross are better people because of their experience , and that they both ` just want to meet people who are different ' all the more . ` We did n't know anything about Floyd 's condition when he was diagnosed and I remember thinking that people are n't treating those with it very well , ' she said . ` I remember very clearly one night deciding that if this is what he has , I was going to educate the entire world . His world is going to be a kind world and the only way that is going to happen is if we get something out there . ' Jade said that what she is most passionate about is encouraging children who are curious about Floyd to come over and ask about his Achondroplasia . ` I would prefer a kid who is staring to be encouraged by their parents to come over and ask ` how come he is littler ? ' than just stare and have their parent tell them to stop looking , or shush them , ' she said . ` I want to spark conversations and have kids talk about it . Then I can tell them that Floyd is just like you or me but small . '