A poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . But many admit they know where they are going wrong . If you are thinking of attempting some DIY this weekend watch out -- nearly seven in ten of us end up injured . A poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . Two in five had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . A careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder , said research for the makers of pain relief brands Deep Heat and Deep Freeze . But a significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they 're going wrong . One in 10 said they failed to follow instructions or research the right way to do the job , while one in five came to grief taking a shortcut . Men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job . Top of the nation 's to-do list is DIY and decorating , with eight in 10 Brits catching up on everything from odd jobs to major makeovers round the home . However , it seems DIYers are failing to prepare properly for a weekend of exertions . More than a third confessed they did not prepare their bodies for the physical demands of their day of DIY . A similar number admitted they were n't used to physical work or were too out of shape for hard graft . Reassuringly , seven in 10 of those surveyed had a first-aid kit and of those did , four out of five had treatments specifically designed for muscle problems or injuries . DIY expert Grant James Crossley said : ` There may be no escaping DIY and other household chores , but with a little preparation there 's a lot you can do to escape morning-after aches and muscle pain . ' The poll found two in five people had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes - and men are more likely than women to cut corners .