One of Suge Knight 's alleged victims claims the rap mogul growled ` I 'm going to kill you ' then ` everything went black ' . In his newly-released police interview obtained by TMZ , Cle ` Bone ' Sloan tells officers Knight uttered the threat then yanked on the gear stick . Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck . Knight , the co-founder of Death Row Records , has denied killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle ` Bone ' Sloan in a parking lot in Compton on January 18 . Scroll down for video . Cle ` Bone ' Sloan -LRB- left -RRB- told police Suge Knight -LRB- right -RRB- growled ` I 'll kill you ' before ` everything went black ' . Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by running over them . Terry Carter -LRB- pictured -RRB- was killed , allegedly by Knight , in the Compton parking lot on January 18 . Sloan describes how the pair exchanged blows at the scene in January . ` He 's mixing it up , he 's f *** ing with us and I caught him real good . Then he said , `` I 'll kill you '' . ` That 's when everything when black . ' Speaking to an LAPD officer , he claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick . ` I do n't if he was trying to put it in park or if he was trying to leave ... I do n't know . ` He started really reaching ... when he said `` I 'm gona kill you '' , I thought `` oh sh ** he 's got a gun '' . ` After that that 's when everything kind of turned into a dream . I do n't know what happened after that . ' The audio release comes after pictures emerged of Suge Knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries when he was arrested . Knight was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation , but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye . The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time . The footage , which was played by the prosecutor for the first time , shows Suge Knight 's pickup truck -LRB- top left -RRB- pulling up to the driveway of a burger stand in Compton on January 29 . Just seconds later , there is a confrontation between Knight Cle ` Bone ' Sloan and Terry Carter . Knight runs over Sloan 's leg and then plows into Carter . Sloan is then seen lying on the ground in the aftermath . A bystander then runs over to help . Los Angeles Superior Court also released an image of the truck the rap mogul was driving when he ran over the two men . Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight , 49 , should stand trial on murder , attempted murder and hit-and-run charges . The video shows Knight 's pickup truck pulling up to the driveway of the burger stand and Cle ` Bone ' Sloan approaching the driver 's side window . Sloan then approaches the driver 's side window and punches the 49-year-old in response to a flurry of insults . Knight 's pickup is seen backing up , throwing Sloan to the ground before the truck drives over his legs and then plows over Terry Carter - who died as a result . Among the other key pieces of evidence shown to the court were images of Knight taken immediately after his arrest . An hour-long interview with Sloan , who survived , describing what happened was also released . Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight , 49 , to stand trial on charges he killed Terry Carter and attempted to kill Sloan during a parking lot confrontation in late January . Knight has pleaded not guilty . His attorney has said Knight was fleeing an ambush by Sloan and others when he hit the men outside a Compton burger stand . The entire incident took approximately 30 seconds . The video , shot by a surveillance camera monitoring the drive-thru at the burger stand , continues until the arrival of a paramedic . The footage is likely to be used by both sides during Knight 's trial . Knight 's attorney , Matt Fletcher , has said the video appears to show an associate of Sloan 's taking a gun off of him after he is run over , and jurors likely will be shown an enhanced version of the video . Knight turned himself in to authorities the morning after the incident . Detectives took pictures of him to try to show he did not have any serious injuries from the attack . Sloan 's interview with detectives will also be crucial to the case since he is unlikely to repeat the lucid account of the event and his own actions that he gave investigators . In court on Monday , Sloan repeatedly said he did n't remember the incident and refused to identify Knight as the person who injured him , saying he did n't want . Another photo of the 49-year-old after he was detained was released by the court . Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle ` Bone ' Sloan . The close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation . Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight , 49 , to stand trial on charges he killed Terry Carter and attempted to kill Sloan during a parking lot confrontation . The images show . Knight 's attorney 's say he was trying to flee and ambush . He is pictured on the night of his arrest .