Dutch football made a killing in the stock market this week . Yet its rise was not because PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008 , ending Ajax 's four-year reign . It was down to Memphis Depay , who scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland . It turned heads at Manchester United . Yet Jim Lawlor , their chief scout , had been doing his homework long before Depay reached the total which Louis van Gaal holds in such high regard . PSV Eindhoven 's Memphis Depay celebrates with the trophy after securing the Eredivisie championship . Depay -LRB- left -RRB- and PSV team-mate Georginio Wijnaldum -LRB- right -RRB- celebrate with the Eredivisie trophy . PSV manager Phillip Cocu -LRB- left -RRB- and top goalscorer Depay -LRB- right -RRB- clinched the title with three games to spare . 20 -- Memphis Depay -LRB- winger -RRB- . 19 -- Luuk de Jong -LRB- striker -RRB- . 16 -- Michiel Kramer -LRB- striker -RRB- . 14 -- Michael de Leeuw -LRB- striker -RRB- . 14 -- Mark Uth -LRB- striker -RRB- . The manager announced in February he lacked a striker who could score 20 goals . If a 21-year-old can do it from the wing in 27 appearances , albeit in Holland rather than England , is that not worth a £ 25million investment ? Manchester United think so , and they are not alone . From ` official talks ' with Liverpool , to ` discussions ' with Paris Saint-Germain , to a not-so-secret meeting in Manchester . Depay has been busy , and no wonder . He is the Eredivisie 's top goalscorer , without even being PSV 's main forward . His 20 goals have contributed 12 points , which just so happens to be the difference between them and second-placed Ajax . Yet not many people had heard of Depay , particularly before the 2014 World Cup , so why the sudden case of rubbing hands together ? How Depay could look for Manchester United should he make his £ 25m move to Old Trafford this summer . Depay pictured in action during PSV 's title-winning victory against Heerenveen last weekend at home . Depay is the Eredivisie 's top goalscorer with 20 , without even being PSV 's main forward in their attack . Depay was understood to have held a meeting in Manchester as he nears his £ 25m move with Louis van Gaal . First , his background . He has ` dream chaser ' tattooed across his chest , and ` successful ' inked on the inside of his lower lip . Joining the iconic Manchester United brand would not contradict either , particularly given his difficult childhood . As a four-year-old , his parents separated . In 2012 , after turning 18 , he dropped ` Depay ' from the back of his shirt as a snub to his absent father . Raised by his mother in the southern Dutch town of Moordrecht , he grew up in ` a small village where there is not much to do ' , so says Gigi , a childhood friend of Depay 's . Yet some of the greatest footballers were created in such places . Take Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez , for example . He grew up in poverty-stricken rural Chile in a mining town called Tocopilla -- literal meaning Devil 's Corner . With Depay poised to join the Barclays Premier League , talk is of him being paid the same as Sanchez -- £ 130,000 a week . Yet the man handed his Holland debut just 18 months ago by Van Gaal remains relatively unknown . The manager sees something in him . As a player , Depay can be used as a makeshift forward , and has been likened to Cristiano Ronaldo by PSV manager Phillip Cocu and Ajax great Ronald de Boer . He 's fast-paced , tricky , and physical . A left winger who cuts inside with a powerful right foot -- not unlike his counterpart and compatriot Arjen Robben . His specialty is free-kicks . Five of his 20 goals were from dead-ball situations -- his latest against Heerenveen seven days ago , when PSV were crowned champions with three games to spare . His talents are n't new to those in Holland , however . Nobody in Eredivisie completed more dribbles -LRB- 101 -RRB- last season , and he created the second-most chances -LRB- 87 -RRB- , too . Depay has ` dream chaser ' tattooed across his chest , and ` successful ' inked on the inside of his lower lip . Depay celebrates with his Holland team-mate Arjen Robben during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . Memphis , a right-footed left-winger , celebrates with his counterpart Robben , a left-footed right-winger . It is exactly what Manchester United need , given they have created fewer chances -LRB- 332 -RRB- than Queens Park Rangers -LRB- 342 -RRB- and Tottenham Hotspur -LRB- 352 -RRB- this season . It led to his potential being recognised by Europe 's heavyweights during the summer . Called up , the then-20-year-old 's goal against Australia made him the youngest Dutch scorer in the history of the World Cup , taking over from Boudewijn Zenden at France ' 98 . That was Depay 's first goal in Brazil , before his second against Chile -- the same total England 's squad managed as a collective in Group D . When Holland used a 4-3-3 formation , he got the nod to join Robben and Robin van Persie in a three-pronged attack . He had four shots , with 100 per cent accuracy , and scored two of them . Already a disciple of Louis van Gaal 's philosophy , it seems . Compare Depay to Manchester United 's other forwards -- Wayne Rooney , Van Persie , Radamel Falcao and James Wilson -- and he blitzes the averages of the rest . He scores a goal every 115.2 minutes -LRB- with Van Persie nearest on 119.3 -RRB- . He creates a chance every 41.9 minutes -LRB- with Rooney nearest on 62.5 -RRB- . He makes a run every 14.9 minutes -LRB- with Rooney , again , nearest on 37.1 -RRB- . And so on . How Depay could look for Manchester United -LRB- left -RRB- and the winger playing last week for PSV -LRB- right -RRB- . Old Trafford forwards Wayne Rooney -LRB- from left to right -RRB- , Robin van Persie , Radamel Falcao and James Wilson . And yet , he is not the complete package . Not quite . He has been labelled greedy by some , averaging a shot every 19.9 minutes , having had 277 in 79 appearances in Eredivisie in the last three seasons . Even Gareth Bale , the supposed ball-hog at Real Madrid , averages fewer -LRB- 24.3 minutes per shot -RRB- . As is understandable with young players , his decision-making leaves a lot to be desired , too . He needs teaching , perhaps by his former national manager in Manchester . Depay would n't be the first to leave PSV for the Premier League , or even Old Trafford for that matter , after all . Thursday marked 14 years since Sir Alex Ferguson signed Ruud van Nistelrooy from PSV for a then-British transfer record of £ 19m . The striker went on to make 150 appearances , scoring 95 goals , averaging one every 128.2 minutes . A success . Depay would n't be the first to leave PSV for the Premier League , or Manchester United for that matter . Ruud van Nistelrooy -LRB- left -RRB- joined Manchester United from PSV , while Mateja Kezman -LRB- right -RRB- joined Chelsea . Three years after one PSV great arrived , another followed . Yet Mateja Kezman had little impact in the Premier League with Chelsea . He made just 25 appearances , scoring four goals with no assists , averaging one every 184.5 minutes . A dud . Depay could do worse than join the project at Manchester United . The Premier League can be as unforgiving as it is rewarding when it comes to potential-laden youngsters . They more often than not get found out , as £ 20m Brazilian Anderson was . Yet Depay can strive for great things , if his statistics are anything to go by , and putting it on the pitch at Old Trafford could be the next challenge for the ` dream chaser ' . Depay could soon be joining the Premier League as he looks set to sign for Manchester United for £ 25m .