A 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist Mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband . Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner , 32 , fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children -LRB- ages 8 to 13 -RRB- last week . But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City , Utah community where they have been living , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids . ` Lots of members from the community started showing up . They surrounded her vehicle , the home , fences and the yard . They were kicking the van . They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle , ' ex-cult member Flora Jessop , who helped Tetzner through her legal battle , told KSL . Scroll down for video . Intimidation : An ex-fundamentalist Mormon tried to get her four children back from the sect and was met by 600 cult members physically barring the reunion . Surrounded : Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner , 32 , is seen inside her van as she waits to be reunited with her children on Friday . Escaped : Tetzner -LRB- left -RRB- left the FLDS sect headed by Warren Jeffs eight years ago and was granted full custody of her children ages 8-13 last Thursday . Visitation : Since leaving the sect , Tetzner remarried and had another son , who is now a toddler . Pictured about with her youngest son and her four children from her previous marriage on a visit in December . Victory : Ms Tetzner pictured outside the Mohave County court after winning custody of her children . Cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamists surrounding Tetzner 's van , the women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors . A Mohave County judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5 pm Thursday , but Tetzner says that when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen . It was only at midnight that they returned , and were quickly shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm 's house where several dozen fundamentalists kept them from seeing her mother . 911 : Tetzner eventually had to call police , who took out a search warrant to pry the children from their aunt 's home . Pictured above in photos posted to Facebook . Tetzner spent the night in her van , fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended . When even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning , and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying , Tetzner called police to intervene on her children 's behalf . Sheriff 's deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother 's waiting arms . New life : Tetzner pictured above with her new husband and their toddler son in a photo posted to Facebook last year . Reunion : Tetzner and the four children she won in a custody battle last week pictured above on a visit in February 2014 . The style : In December , Tetzner showed off both of her daughters long hair and how she braided it into the plait sported by most fundamentalist girls and women . Allegedly , the children were not so happy to leave , since cult members had scared them into believing their mother was taking them to hell . Deputies escorted Tetzner and her children all the way back to their home in northern Utah , and reportedly FLDS members tailed them the whole way there . Feared leader : Tetzner left the cult a year after leader Warren Jeffs -LRB- pictured -RRB- was arrested for organizing marriages between men and underage women in the religion . He is currently serving a life sentence but continues to head the church from behind bars . Some allegedly beat the family there , since they found the home completely trashed with with animal feces smeared on the walls and several pieces of furniture broken when they arrived home . Fearing further attacks from the FLDS community , the family is living in a safe house for the time being . ` We want to thank all of you for your love and support these last few days . We have the children they are safe and we 're heading home , ' Tetzner wrote on her Facebook page Friday evening . Photos on Tetzner 's Facebook show she has been able to visit with her children in the past , spending time at home and taking them out to a creek for fishing . In one set of photos , Tetzner shows off her daughters ' long hair and how she braids it into the traditional plait worn by most fundamentalist women . Since leaving the sect , she has remarried a man named Chase Tetzner and the two appear to have a toddler son together . A photo posted to her Facebook in August 2012 , shows her in a half-white , half-camouflage wedding dress . Defenders of Children , a non-profit group that has been aiding Tetzner through her custody battle , said they fear for her safety and are raising money to pay for a security system and new clothes for the woman 's children . Tetzner left the FLDS church eight years ago , about a year after the cult 's leader Warren Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men in his cult and underage girls . He is currently serving a life sentence in prison , but continues to head the church from behind bars . Custodial interference charges are pending against Samantha Holm , the aunt who initially would n't hand over Tetzner 's children .