Jose Mourinho insists Manchester United 's injury crisis does not weaken their team as they head to Chelsea for tomorrow 's title clash . United boss Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo , Phil Jones , Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge , but Mourinho responded by listing their lavish squad . ` I disagree because their squad is amazing , in numbers , players , experience , solutions , ' said the Chelsea manager . Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United will not be weakened by injury problems when they play Chelsea . Louis van Gaal is without a number of key players ahead of the tough trip to Stamford Bridge . Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic pictured on the ball during Chelsea 's training session on Friday . Defender Gary Cahill plays the ball during training as Chelsea prepare for Manchester United 's visit . Didier Drogba tries to find a way past Denmark under 21 defender Andreas Christensen in training . Chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race with a game in hand . ` Their squad is amazing . Every week I have on the big screen in my office not the team I 'm going to play against , but the squad and all the options . ` This week , when I arrived in the room , for the first time in the week , I realised what they have . It 's amazing . ' ` You want me to name their players ? Mata , Di Maria , Januzaj , Rooney , Van Persie , Herrera , Carrick , Blind , Fellaini ... ` Defenders ? Rafael and Valencia , Luke Shaw left-back , centre-backs Smalling ... of course they do n't have Evans and Jones , but Blackett , McNair . They have played . Van Gaal is a fantastic coach to develop players . ` These kids have played a lot of matches and are more than ready . I went to QPR with Drogba and no strikers on the bench and , for a long time , because of suspensions or injuries , we were in trouble . ` You have to cope with it . I know Mr Van Gaal very well , and he 's the kind of person to think at this moment that we have a fantastic squad and will go with what we have . Injuries are part of the game . ' Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- and Dominic Solanke pictured during Friday 's training session at Cobham . Loic Remy , who has recovered from a calf injury , on the ball during training on Friday . Mourinho is relishing the meeting with Manchester United , saying his players require no motivation . Old friends Mourinho and Van Gaal embrace ahead of the fixture at Old Trafford back in October . Mourinho was part of Van Gaal 's coaching staff during his time at Barcelona in the late nineties . Sports analysts BSports predict that a Chelsea win is easily the most likely outcome at Stamford Bridge . April 18 Manchester United -LRB- H -RRB- . April 26 Arsenal -LRB- A -RRB- . April 29 Leicester City -LRB- A -RRB- . May 3 Crystal Palace -LRB- H -RRB- . May 10 Liverpool -LRB- H -RRB- . May 18 West Bromwich Albion -LRB- A -RRB- . May 24 Sunderland -LRB- H -RRB- . Mourinho and Van Gaal have a close relationship , dating back to the time when they worked together at Barcelona . ` I consider him a big , big , big , big friend , ' said Mourinho . ` But with our jobs at the moment , with clubs with the same objectives , we are not speaking every week . But a deep feeling of a big friend , that does n't change . ' Mourinho said his players needed no motivation this week as they prepare to face United in what is always a ` special fixture . ' He said games such as Saturday night 's showdown at Stamford Bridge make his job ` easy ' because ` every player is desperate to play and focused . ' He said : ` To play Manchester United is to play one of the biggest clubs in the world and one of the best in the Premier League and this is what everybody wants . ` I am not worried this week about motivating players because there is no need . -LSB- It is an -RSB- easy job . It is a special fixture , it is a big match . ` You have to play everybody home and away and our fight is always to have the same motivation regardless of the opponent , but the reality is these matches are the easy ones where every player is desperate to play and focused . ' Masked man Cesc Fabregas prepares for the visit of Manchester United on Saturday night . Winger Juan Cuadrado challenges Filipe Luis for the ball during a practice match at Cobham . Felipe Luis chases Eden Hazard to try and retrieve the ball in Friday 's training session . Didier Drogba gave Chelsea the lead when the two teams met at Old Trafford earlier in the season . Robin van Persie earned a draw for Manchester United with a stoppage time equaliser in October . Former Chelsea player Juan Mata is preparing return to Stamford Bridge for the first time since his move . Mourinho sanctioned the sale of Mata to Manchester United for £ 37m last January . Juan Mata returns to Stamford Bridge as a United player for the first time since his £ 37m move to Old Trafford last January but Mourinho predicted he will get a good reception . ` He is a player with history at this club . We have deep respect for him and we wished him the best . If things are going well for him everybody is happy . He is a very correct boy and a top professional . ' Chelsea can move 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal - who take on Reading in the FA cup semi-final at the same time - with three points against United . They are boosted by the likely return of striker Loic Remy from a calf injury and Mourinho also confirmed that 19-goal frontman Diego Costa will return to full training next week after making a quick recovery from a hamstring problem . This puts the Spain international in contention for next weekend 's top-of-the-table clash with Arsenal at the Emirates . Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on April 4 . Mourinho hinted that Loic Remy should return from a calf injury against Manchester United . Mourinho said on Costa : ` He is progressing very well . He has a chance for next weekend . Our target was for Diego to play our last four matches and Arsenal is the sixth from the end , so if he does n't play it 's not a problem but things are going so well he has a chance . ` He 's training and he starts with the rest of the squad next week . ' Mourinho was n't willing to comment on figures revealed on Friday that show Chelsea have the worst behaviour towards referees in the Premier League .