A chef who rose from homelessness to own one of Chicago 's most well-respected restaurants , Moto , was found dead on Tuesday , in the midst of a bitter lawsuit lodged by an investor . Homaro Cantu , 38 , was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of Chicago . An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two 's death as a suicide . Scroll down for video . Tragic : Homaro Cantu , the owner of famed Chicago restaurant Moto , was found dead Tuesday from an apparent suicide . Apparent suicide : Chicago authorities say Cantu 's body was found hanging inside of Crooked Fork Brewery , the brewpub he was planning to open with his business partner . Married father of two : Cantu leaves behind wife Katie McGowan -LRB- left -RRB- and their two young daughters . Cantu and McGowan met while he was working at Chicago restaurant Charlie Trotter 's . The family pictured above in a photo posted to Cantu 's Facebook . Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG , a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year . Last month , investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu in court papers of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat , even though he advised Cantu to close the business . He claimed Cantu stopped talking to him after he confronted him about using Moto 's bank account for personal expenses including , trips , meals , a cookbook and other unrelated ventures . According to the lawsuit , Espalin initially invested $ 100,000 in Cantu 's businesses and another $ 50,000 later on and had a 15 per cent ownership in Moto . Inspiring : Cantu worked for famous chef Trotter at his eponymous restaurant from 1999 until 2003 , when he left to start his own restaurant , Moto . Pictured above outside of moto with Chris Jones , chef de cuisine . Strained : A month before his death , Cantu was hit with a lawsuit from an former investor in Moto and failed restaurant iNG , who accused him of commingling Moto 's funds to keep his other business ventures afloat . Food scientist : Cantu was known as a pioneer in the culinary field of molecular gastronomy . Above , a dish of raccoon meat is made to resemble a road kill scene at Moto . Fellow chef Matthias Merges lives just a few houses away from Cantu and his family , and last saw the chef four days ago when they talked about his business issues . ` We talked about Berrista -LSB- Cantu 's cafe -RSB- a little bit . He was asking for some advice , ' Merges told DNAinfo . Giving back : After mentor Charlie Trotter died in 2013 , Cantu helped start the Trotter Project to mentor high school and college students in Trotter 's memory . ` He definitely had a strain , from all publicity going around -LSB- from the lawsuit -RSB- . As we all know , it 's tough . He talked about it . He just said , `` It 's a difficult situation . '' I told him just hang in there and power through it . ` I do n't even know what to think . I see his girls almost every day . ' Cantu 's sudden and surprising death is all the more tragic considering his inspiring rise to success . Growing up in Portland , Oregon , Cantu struggled with drug addiction and was even homeless before he found stability cooking in kitchens on the West Coast . In 1999 , he moved to Chicago where he got a job at Charlie Trotter 's by knocking on the back door of the world-famous restaurant . It was at Charlie Trotter 's that Cantu met his wife , Katie McGowan , who worked as a guest chef one night . The two married in 2003 and have two young daughters . ` They 're just a natural , young family , ' neighbor Jean Boisvert told DNAinfo . ` I feel horrible for his two young , beautiful daughters . ' From February 1 , 1999 until February 1 , 2003 , Cantu worked under Trotter , one time holding the position of sous chef , before he left to start Moto - which earned a Michelin star in 2014 . When Trotter died in 2013 , Cantu helped head a non-profit called the Trotter Project to mentor high school and college students and which raised money to keep Trotter 's restaurant open . Cantu was known as a pioneer in the culinary field of molecular gastronomy , though perhaps not as famous as another food scientist in Chicago , Alinea 's Grant Achatz . Edible paper and carbonated fruit are just two of the curious items served at Moto . The culinary world grieves : Fellow Trotter alum Graham Elliot , now a judge on TV show MasterChef , tweeted condolences after hearing about Cantu 's death . ` I hear a lot of stories about a top chef coming up from nothing and going on to great things , but his nothing is a much deeper place than almost anybody I ever knew as a chef , ' Chef EL Foss told the Chicago Sun-Times . ` To go and to have success that he did . It 's just sad that it has to end like this , and we 're just pretty broken up tonight . ' Foss last saw Cantu on March 25 , when Cantu agreed to guest chef at Foss ' themed-dinner series . Foss said he expected Cantu to cancel , since an Eater article about the Moto lawsuit came out the same day as the dinner . However , he was pleasantly surprised when Cantu showed up as agreed , though he says he did seem a bit ` withdrawn ' . ` He was definitely a little bit bummed out . But I did n't get the impression that it was going to defeat him . But I guess you get to a certain age and a certain time , and I guess the idea of picking up the pieces and starting over again could be intimidating . But I did not see this coming . I 'm just very shocked and extremely saddened by it all , ' Foss told DNAinfo . In the wake of Cantu 's death , MasterChef judge Graham Elliot , who also worked at Charlie Trotter 's , tweeted sympathy to his friend 's family . ` Please everyone , send your thoughts/prayers to the family & loved ones of chef Homaro Cantu . A great friend , a horrible loss ; speechless , ' Elliot said . • For confidential help , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .