One child is dead after a car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday . Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died . The car left a parking lot at the Ports O ' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6 pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles . The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of Berth 73 , Fire Department spokesman Brian Humphrey said . Scroll down for video . Pulled from the water : A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died . Rescue attempt : The two children pulled from the submerged vehicle by firefighters were hospitalized in grave condition , authorities said . Hero : Firefighter Miguel Meza -LRB- left -RRB- who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino -LRB- right -RRB- . Two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived , he said . Divers found two children inside the car . They had no pulses and were n't breathing when divers brought them up , and resuscitation efforts began immediately , Humphrey said . The adults were described as being in fair condition but ` clearly emotionally distraught , ' Humphrey said . Firefighter Miguel Meza who dove into the water in San Pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino . ` Firefighter Miguel Meza jumped into the water at Berth 73 tonight in San Pedro after a car with a family of four drove into the water . This man is a true hero in the City of Angels and I am so proud of him ! , he said . Sucessful search : Divers emerge from the water as debris believed to be from the car floats to the surface where a car went off the berth and into the water . Divers working in murky water searched the car and even opened the trunk , but they found no one else in it , Humphrey said . The cause of the accident was under investigation . ` We do n't know at this time whether it was an accident or an intentional event , ' he said . Nearly 100 firefighters , divers and helicopter and boat crews went to the scene , Humphrey said . ABC reports that the event that led up the incident remain unknown . Witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge . One dead : One of the children who fell into the LA Harbor has died and another child is in grave condition .