They say there 's no such thing as a free lunch , but that will not be the case on Virgin Australia domestic flights as it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the Australian domestic network . The latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights , which will complement the free in-flight entertainment on offer already . Scroll down for video . Virgin Australia domestic flights it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . Virgin Australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium , contemporary , full service airline . Virgin Australia Chief Customer Officer , Mark Hassell confirmed this saying Virgin Australia was committed to maintaining an excellent service and to continue to put customers first . ` We 're delighted to announce that the Virgin Australia product offering now includes complimentary food and drink , checked baggage on all flights as well as entertainment across our domestic network , ' Mark Hassell said . The Virgin Australia package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . ` The roll out of free food and checked baggage , to complement our wireless in-flight entertainment , is an important part of our ability to deliver a consistent , premium service across our network , ' Mr Hassell said . The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey - Virgin Australia hopes this approach will underpin all of the initiatives that have shaped the airline in to what it is today . These selections of foods will now be available for free on all Virgin Australia flights . ` Today 's announcement , coupled with our exceptional service and leadership in on-time performance , puts us in a strong position to continue to grow our loyal customer base , ' Mr Hassell said . Virgin Australia continues to offer complimentary tea , coffee , juice and water on all flights , complimentary wine , beer and soft drink served in ` Happy Hour ' between 5 and 7 pm Monday to Friday as well as alternative food and beverage options through the popular on-board Retail Menu . Virgin 's food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey .