NFL murderer Aaron Hernandez is no longer No 81 - he is Prisoner W106228 , Daily Mail Online can reveal . The official number was issued to Hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at Cedar Junction state prison in Massachusetts . He was being moved to the maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley today . Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch . He is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations . It can also be disclosed that he was hooked on ` angel dust ' , a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia . The former New England Patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as ` killer joints ' in the world of drugs . Sources said the brute , found guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd , was using the dangerous drug for at least a year before the victim was shot dead . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . The beginning of the rest of his life : Aaron Hernandez was taken to the MCI Cedar Junction prison in Walpole , Massachusetts on Wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd . Hernandez circled in red , arriving at the 700-inmate prison . Nothing to smile about now : Hernandez slumped down in his chair on Wednesday as a guilty verdict was read -LRB- left -RRB- . He will no longer be No 81 having been given his prison number : W106228 . A man who knew Hernandez and asked not to be identified , said : ` He was regularly high or out of his mind on Angel Dust . ` People who were in his circles knew about it and we would talk about how it turned him into a punk . He was consistently aggressive , arrogant and unpleasant . ` His dope man would bring it to his house and he would roll it in with some weed and smoke it with his friends . ` He got so full of himself that he sometimes stopped caring if people saw him doing it and he would be told to go outside because restaurant owners were worried about their licenses . ` Some of my friends do security for high profile sports people and celebs and I was invited to a party by one . Hernandez was there and throwing his weight around . ` When I said ` Hi ' to him , he looked me up and down like I was a piece of s *** . ` He just ignored me like I should n't have been there . ` I guess he was a d ** head before because all that fame and money went to his head . But the drugs made him turn out to be a monster . Few people liked him . They just went with everything to keep him under control . ' Hernandez was a heavy drinker and would often down cocktails and champagne on nights out with his hangers on , picking up large bar bills and doing his best to impress women with his celebrity status . His jury heard that on the night of the murder he smoked marijuana and he was caught on camera dancing at a gas station while filling up his rental car after he smoked the drug . Stately : Before his arrest , Hernandez lived in a $ 1.3 million mansion in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . Moving day : Prison life is a far cry from Herandez cushy life in North Attleborough . He is being transferred to the Souza Baranowski maximum security prison near Shirley today , say sources . Maximum security : Aaron Hernandez will be held in maximum security in the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Mass . Prisons : The yard at the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center -LRB- left -RRB- . Hernandez began his sentence at MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole , Massachusetts -LRB- right -RRB- . He was careful not to be high or boozed up whenever he was required for training sessions or for Patriots ' games . Angel dust is also known as PCP and is a white crystalline powder that can also be dissolved in alcoholic drinks . It is also available in a variety of tablets , capsules , and users snort the colored powders as well as insert them into reefers with hash or dope . Doctors say the effects are that users feel detached , distant , and estranged from their surroundings . They experience hallucinations , severe mood disorders , and amnesia and outbreaks of violent behavior . Experts say PCP is addictive and one of the long lasting effects can be that users become violent or suicidal . Angel dust has been called ` devil dust ' by those who have seen the violent outbursts of users and the manner in which it transforms them . The US Department of Justice 's Drug Enforcement Administration says Angel Dust normally sells on the streets in powder , crystal , tablet , capsule , and liquid forms frpm $ 5 a tablet to $ 300 per ounce . Officials said users also referred to as Supergrass , Boat , Tic Tac , Zoom and , Shermans . Shayanna Jenkins , the mother of his two-year-old daughter , told the Lloyd murder trial that Hernandez smoked drugs on a daily basis . Hernandez showed signs of the effects with his brooding behavior in the months leading up to the Lloyd murder and is also accused in another murder case . Hernandez is charged in a 2012 double killing in Boston , accused in the drive-by shooting of two men he felt disrespected him at a nightclub . Victim : Odin Lloyd , who was murdered by Aaron Hernandez , resulting in the New England Patriots star receiving a whole-life sentence . Former Pats player Hernandez can be seen displaying his hip-hop moves as his rental car fills with gas , earlier that evening he had ran up a $ 243 bar tab and smoked marijuana . Having a high feeling of self worth is a classic symptom developed by users of the deadly drug . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to two counts of murder in the second case . He is charged with murdering Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado after an encounter at the nightclub called Cure . Daniel de Abreu is said to have accidentally bumped into the footballer at a nightclub , spilling Hernandez 's drink . Hernandez told a friend he thought the man was ` trying ' him , and surveillance video outside the club showed Hernandez pacing back and forth while his friend tried to calm him down . But he is accused of following them in a silver SUV and shooting them in their car at a stop light later that evening . The NFL waill now have to investigate how a heavy drug using sports star could have avoided rigorous testing designed to weed out drug cheats . They will have to consider whether the fallen star may have had a supply of masking agents which can be bought over the counter or he stayed clean long enough each summer to pass pre-season tests and then fell off the wagon without fear of being caught . Either finding will prompt calls for more rigorous testing of NFL players for illicit substances .