It was a gruesome death that is the stuff of most people 's nightmares . Now scientists have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in Lamalunga , near Altamura , in southern Italy . Using analysis of DNA extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a Neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago . Scroll down for video . Genetic analysis of the bones -LRB- above -RRB- of ` Altamura Man ' , found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura , Italy , has revealed that they belong to a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago . Wedged in the narrow space and probably badly injured , he is thought to have starved to death . Over the thousands of years that followed , the body decayed and the remaining bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls . The DNA is the oldest to ever be extracted from a Neanderthal and the researchers now hope to further analyse the genetic information from the skeleton . They have a reputation as rather brutish creatures who chomped their way through huge hunks of meat , but it seems Neanderthals may actually have been the first masterchefs . New research is suggesting that these extinct early humans may have used wild herbs to flavour their food . Scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron , Spain . At first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication , but now new findings have presented a different theory . Dr Sabrina Krief , a lecturer at the National Museum of Natural History in Paris , and her colleagues suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable . First discovered in 1993 , the skeleton - nicknamed ` Altamura Man ' - has provoked debate among anthropologists partly due to the difficulties in studying the skeleton as it had become part of the cave walls . Examination of those bones that were exposed suggested they belonged to an adult male . However , few could agree on whether the skeleton belonged to a Neanderthal or a modern human , or how long it had been down there . But after taking a tiny part of the skeleton 's shoulder bone , researchers at the Sapienza University of Rome , University of Firenze and Newcastle University have been able to answer the questions . They found mitochondrial DNA they extracted from the shoulder bone matched that of other Neanderthal skeletons . Uranium-thorium dating techniques has also revealed that the skeleton appeared there between 172,000 and 130,000 years ago , during a period when ice sheets were expanding significantly from out of Antarctica and Greenland . Giorgio Manzi , one of the palaeoanthropologists leading the study from the Sapienza University of Rome , said : ` Altamura Man is an incredible treasure for the Alta Murgia territory . ` We hope that this fossil skeleton will become a key for a virtuous combination of scientific research , protection of our heritage and its promotion and development . ' Researchers have , up until now , held off from excavating the remains -LRB- above -RRB- as they believed it would cause irreparable damage to the skeleton but an early studies had suggested it had some Neanderthal features . The Lamalunga cave where the uniquely preserved Neanderthal skeleton was found is close to Altamura , Italy . Neanderthals are thought to have numbered up to 70,000 at their peak and lived in hunter gatherer societies . The researchers now hope that further analysis of the DNA might reveal new insights into Neanderthal evolution . It is nearly 100,000 years older than other previously sequenced Neanderthal DNA . The Altamura Neanderthal is thought to have come to rest in its unusual tomb after an adult male fell down a sinkhole into a limestone karst system . Wedged in the narrow rocks , he were unable to move and probably starved to death . However , it also means no predators were able to reach his body . Over time , his bones fell where had died , with some still lodged in the cave gap and were eventually absorbed into the walls of the cave itself . Cave explorers then stumbled across the bones in 1993 . Researchers eventually obtained permission to take a fragment of the shoulder bone in 2009 and have spent six years studying it . Writing in the Journal of Human Evolution , the research team said : ` Even though a number of Neanderthal traits can be seen -- particularly in the face and in the occipital bone -- there are features that distinguish this specimen from the more typical morphology of , such as the shape of the brow ridges , the relative dimension of the mastoids , and the general architecture of the cranial vault . ` Overall , our results concur in indicating that it belongs to Homo neanderthalensis , with some phenetic peculiarities that appear consistent with a chronology ranging from 172 ± 15 ka to 130.1 ± 1.9 ka . ` Thus , the skeleton from Altamura represents the most ancient Neanderthal from which endogenous DNA has ever been extracted . ' It has been around 30,000 years since the ancestors of modern-day humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient Neanderthals . But the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases such as cancer and diabetes . Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred , meaning Europeans now have roughly two per cent Neanderthal DNA . These ` legacy ' genes have been linked to an increased risk from cancer and diabetes by new studies looking at our evolutionary history . However , some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases . Scientists have found that part of our HLA system , which helps white blood cells to identify and destroy foreign material in the body , could have come from Neanderthals . Other researchers have suggested that humans outside Africa are more vulnerable to Type 2 Diabetes because they interbred with Neanderthals . Researchers from Oxford and Plymouth universities have also found that genes thought to be risk factors in cancer were present in the Neanderthal genome . If they manage to sequence the DNA , they hope it might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids in general and the early history of the Neanderthal . It could also help shed new light on their relationship with modern humans analysis of other Neanderthal DNA has shown they interbred with our own species . Recent research has shown that Neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today - and this may be what killed them off . They have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold . But anthropologists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of Neanderthals .