One man has curated a spooky collection of nine old dolls , which which he claims each have their own personalities . Ian Rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 . Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection ... and he 's on the hunt for more to add . Scroll down for video . Ian Rogers owns nine haunted dolls all of which he says contain their own personality . Ian 's favourite doll is Annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned . Ian , who is single , and a vehicle image inspector , from Leicester , says that his obsession with the supernatural began at a very young age . ` It started when I was a kid and I was looking into the Loch Ness Monster and ghosts . ` I went on a couple of ghost walks and then went on a hunt . It got me hooked . ' The £ 50 haunted dolls , which Ian gets from Jayne Harris , a professional in paranormal activity , are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on . Jayne keeps the dolls for around six months to get an idea of their personalities before selling them on . Ian says that he always goes to Jayne for the dolls because that way he can be sure of their authenticity . ` I know that I can trust her , ' he says . ` If I bought them from eBay then there 's no guarantee that they 're actually haunted and I could just be being ripped off . ` Jayne is able to give me a bit of background about the dolls but I enjoy learning about them myself . Ian , who is single , became interested in the supernatural as a child and now is hooked on haunted dolls . Ian will often take his dolls to events and get people to guess their back stories . Pictured : left - Hubert an old man who likes to play games . Right - Esme , a lady in her seventies who died of natural causes . Ian used to share his collection with his sister but she found the dolls too mischievous . Ian is pictured with the puppet , little is known about him other than he likes jazz and may be from Belgium . Although he is fond of his whole collection Ian definitely has a favourite : Annabel , a doll who he believes is haunted by the spirit of a seven-year-old girl who drowned while playing with her brother . Ian says that each of his dolls has their own story and he often asks others to try and figure out what might have happened to them . Ian said : ` I take the dolls with me to events that I host and get people to guess their stories . ` If someone guesses three things that we already know correctly then they get some money off . ` One lady said she could sense an ` Annie ' so I went to get Annabel . She said she 'd died and felt trapped . ` As soon as she picked up the doll she said she felt soaking wet , and that she knew Annabel had drowned . ' Ian holds sessions with the dolls where guests interested in the paranormal can undertake a variety of activities . Ian also holds sessions with his dolls where guests can undertake different paranormal experiences . Pictured : Simon , who committed suicide after the death of his own mother . Ian avoids buying his dolls on eBay as he says there is no guarantee that they would be haunted . Pictured : Harriet who is said to be a 17-year-old girl who is angry , but not vicious and committed suicide . The dolls were previously shared between Ian and his sister , but his sister wanted to get rid of them after they started causing her too much mischief , for example hiding her keys . However Ian says that he has n't been put off in the slightest and is even looking at investing in other supernatural souvenirs . ` I would love to get more haunted dolls , and I 'm looking into other items . I would love to get a haunted mirror . ' Ian hopes his next paranormal purchase will be a haunted mirror . Annabel : A seven-year-old girl who drowned while playing with her brother . A happy child usually wearing a floral dress . Jocelyn : A five-year-old French girl who was abducted from a market when shopping with her mother . Ian gets the smell of coffee from her . Harriet : A 17-year-old girl who is angry , but not vicious . She committed suicide . Hubert : An old man who does not give too much away . He likes to play games . Sarah : A middle-aged school governess who died in a fire while trying to save children . Esme : A lady in her seventies who passed away from natural causes . She likes to be in the kitchen and had a husband that died of TB . Max : An RAF pilot who died in the Second World War . He had a little girl who was five who he misses very much . Simon : A recluse . He gave up his life to care for his sick mother , but when she passed away he took his own life . The puppet : Not a lot is known about the puppet , but he likes jazz and is possibly from Belgium .