Chris Christie 's wife has quit her big-money job on Wall Street in what could be a sign her husband has decided to run for president in 2016 . May Pat Christie , 51 , a managing director at New York City finance firm Angelo Gordon & Co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week , a family spokesman confirmed . The official reason for the resignation was ` to spend more time with her family and young children ' . But many will see the move as a sign that New Jersey governor Christie , 52 , is coming closer to seeking the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election . Scroll down for video . Ditching Wall Street : Mary Pat Christie , right , has quit her $ 475,000-a-year position at finance firm Angelo Gordon & Co . According to Fox Business , she had previously told colleagues that her leaving would be a precursor to her husband 's run . She is often seen out on the campaign trail with Christie , making a recent appearance in New Hampshire - a necessary stop for would-be presidents . Earlier this month the Christies said they were undecided about what Mary Pat should do with her job , and seemed to downplay the chances of her quitting . Christie said then that leaving a career would be ` a big sacrifice for a spouse to make ' , and that it also ` would n't be a requirement ' , even if he did run for president . More of this ? The move is likely a precursor to Christie 's bid for president - which would entail a lot of campaigning from Mrs Christie , pictured above with her husband in New Hampshire . Her decision mirrors that of another Wall Street Republican spouse - Ted Cruz 's wife , Heidi . Mrs Cruz , whose husband was the first to launch his presidential campaign , immediately took unpaid leave from her high-powered position at Goldman Sachs , and will stay away from the office for the duration of his campaign . Mrs Christie 's departure from her job will mean a major dip in the Christies ' income . The family 's latest tax returns , from 2013 , revealed that she brought in the lion 's share of the family 's earnings . Not the breadwinner : Christie 's family tax returns show that his wife earns almost three times as much as him . She reported a $ 510,000 total salary , made up of the $ 475,000 managing director 's pay packet and around $ 35,000 from a side job as a bond trader . In the same year Christie 's gubernatorial salary was $ 175,000 . However , during his visit to a New Hampshire newspaper 's editorial board he insisted his family is ` not wealthy by current standards ' when complaining about the complexity of his tax return . He later tried to clarify his comments by saying ` we have four children to raise and a lot of things to do ' - but many pointed out that he still easily sits in the wealthiest 1 per cent of his home state .