The daughters of Mary Kay Letourneau and her former student-turned husband , Vili Fualaau , are now older than their father was when , at age 12 , he started an affair with his teacher . On the eve of the infamous couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary , Letourneau , Fualaau and their two children , 17-year-old Audrey and 16-year-old Georgia , sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 , which will air on ABC Friday at 10 pm . Letourneau , then a 34-year-old married mother of four , pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student , which resulted in two pregnancies . Audrey Fualaau was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 . Her 16-year-old sister , Georgia , was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student . Scroll down for video . Family affair : Mary Kay Letourneau , Vili Fualaau , and their two daughters , Audrey and Georgia , sat down for an interview with Barbara Walters on the eve of the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary . Speaking out : The interview will air on 20/20 on Friday - nearly 20 years after Letourneau 's arrest for the relationship with her former student . Modern family : Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau 's 17-year-old daughter , Audrey -LRB- right -RRB- , was born while her mother was out on probation . Her 16-year-old sister , Georgia -LRB- left -RRB- , was born behind bars . Both girls attend school and sing in a choir in the same district in Seattle where their mother had once taught . Audrey graduates high school in June and is set to start college next fall , while Georgia is currently a sophomore . In an interview with Walters , the Fualaau sisters said their parents have told them how they met , but they were not taken aback by the scandalous circumstances surrounding their mom and dad 's relationship . ` There was never a sit-down chat , ` Now is the time we 're going to talk to our children about this , ' Mary said . ` They seemed to already know ... because they grew up with it . ... There 's just never been a ` Wow , we better explain . ' Letourneu 's 31-year-old husband also opened up about the challenges of building a life together and raising two children . ` I do n't think there 's ever a full 10 good years of marriage , ' Fualaau told Walters . ` You have your ups and downs in marriages . But , you know , what matters is how you pull through all the bad times . ' The 31-year-old said that being a young father was difficult . Fualaau , pictured here with his eldest daughter , said that raising two girls as a teenager with help or support was difficult . Goofing around : Audrey , a high school senior , is pictured pulling funny faces at the 20/20 studio during the taping of the Barbara Walters interview . ` I do n't feel like I had the right support or the right help behind me , ' he said . ` From my family , from anyone in general . I mean , my friends could n't help me because they had no idea what , what it was like to be a parent , I mean , because we were all 14 , 15 . ' The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13 . After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship , they married and now have two children together . She also has four children from a previous marriage . Their two daughters , Audrey and Georgia , who are now both teenagers , will join their parents for the interview , ABC News said . While speaking with Walters , Letourneau will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted , as well as her hopes to teach again one day . She will also talk out about how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap , ABC News reported . Fualaau will discuss his struggle with alcoholism and depression and how he believes he was failed by the system as a minor . After his teacher was convicted , his family filed a lawsuit against the police department and the school district for failing to protect him from sexual exploitation . No damages were awarded . Relationship : The duo first met when Fualaau -LRB- pictured in 1998 -RRB- was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and Letourneau -LRB- right in a 1996 school photo -RRB- was his teacher . In court : She is pictured listening to testimony in 1998 ; she went to prison for seven and a half years . Proud : She is pictured showing off her pregnancy bump in a photo released in 1998 . She fell pregnant with their first daughter before she was arrested and with their second after she was released . Reunited : Letourneau is pictured with her daughter Audrey during a prison visit in 2003 . The pair originally met when he was in her second grade class and then she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . As she taught him , their relationship turned sexual and a friend of her husband 's ultimately went to the police with his suspicions . But before she was arrested , she fell pregnant with the boy 's child and gave birth to his first daughter , Audrey , while she was on bail in May 1997 while waiting for the outcome of her trial . She was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . But weeks after he release , she was found having sexual relations with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter . Family : She was married and had four children before the affair . She is pictured , right , with one of her sons . Back together : The couple is pictured during a photo shoot at their Normandy Park , Washington home in 2006 . She was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . At home : The couple is pictured with their daughters as they drive near their home near Seattle in 2005 . Letourneau gave birth to the baby while she was in jail after being sentenced to an additional seven-and-a-half years behind bars . She was released from jail in August 2004 and Fualaau , who was then 21 , asked the court to have the no-contact order overturned , which it was . The couple got married a year later at a Washington winery - when she was 43 and he was 22 . They have been together ever since . While some might compare this story to so many other female teachers in under age sex scandals , Letourneau 's long-time family friend , photographer Mark Greenberg , tells the Daily News they 've got it all wrong . ` I know there are people out there who find it to be nothing other than this woman broke the law and she 's a rapist , and yet there are others who see it as ` love is something that 's pure ' and here 's two people who are enjoying the fruits of that , ' he said . Letourneau also made headlines last year after she was booked into Washington 's King County Jail for failing to go to court following a 2013 third-degree charge of driving on a suspended license . Going strong : The couple will talk about how they 've stayed together despite the 21-year age gap .