A writer and victim of date rape has revealed why she is pushing for ` yes means yes ' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country . New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in her essay for Your Tango that adoption of the ` yes means yes ' law , which defines consent as ` affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner , is just one step in combating society 's prevalent rape culture . ` As a victim of date rape , when it comes to consent I strongly feel there is no grey area , ' she wrote . ` Unfortunately , at the time , I was too young and naive to realize that because I never actually said , `` No , '' I was a willing participant . ' Inciting change : New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of rape who is advocating for ` yes means yes ' laws to be passed in states across the country . The ` yes means yes ' law , which was first passed in California in 2014 , is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra ` no means no ' . The legislation declares that all colleges and universities taking financial aid funding from California must adhere to the standard for consent outlined by the law , which reiterates that a lack of resistance or objection does not imply consent - a concept that Amanda struggled with years following her sexual assault . Amanda explained for a long time she blamed herself because he ` came on strong ' and she was a ` bit inebriated ' ` But now , several years later , I know , more than ever , that my consent was not given , and it was rape . End of story , ' she wrote . Amanda even noted that she was unable to attach the word ` rape ' to what had happened to her and instead referred the assault as ` sex I did n't want ' . At the time , she said that like many women , she did n't even consider going to the police after she was raped , a mistake that she noted she will ` never make again ' . According to statistics , an estimated one out of five women will be sexually assaulted during their college careers . No shame : The New Yorker wrote that she blamed herself for years after her sexual assault because never actually said ` No ' , even though she was n't a willing participant . ` It 's both disheartening and disgusting that we even need a law that stipulates that a woman must be able to give consent or else it 's rape , ' Amanda said of today 's rape culture . In Connecticut , state officials are now considering the adoption of a similar ` yes means yes ' bill . And while Amanda said the law is ` great in theory ' , she explained that ` we need to change the way people think of rape ' before the law will prove to be effective . ` I believe more than anything is that we need to teach boys and men NOT to rape , ' she said . ` We need to make them see that women and girls are not their personal playthings , that we were not put on this earth for their pleasure , and if we drink too much at a party , that we sure as hell are n't `` asking for it '' , ' she added . And at least two California lawmakers agree with her . Last month , Senate President Kevin de Leon and Assemblywoman Hannah-Beth Jackson announced that they were introducing legislation that would call for school districts with mandatory health education requirements for graduation to include sexual violence prevention as a mandatory part of the curriculum , including instruction on the recently approved ` yes means yes ' law . ` If we want to prevent sexual assault , it 's important that we start early , ' Ms Jackson explained in March . She continued : ` This bill will ensure that discussions about healthy relationships and consent are taking place in high school , with young women and young men , so we can help establish boundaries of acceptable behavior . '