A Florida police department is in mourning after an officer was accidentally shot by a coworker during firearms training . Officer Jared Forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012 . Few details have been released , with police saying it is still under investigation , however the incident occurred about 3.30 pm at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution . ` He was wearing his bulletproof vest , but the round entered in his arm and went through his chest , ' Ocala Police Chief Greg Graham told News 13 . Killed : Officer Jared Forsyth with the Ocala Police Department was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday , but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest , police said . Officer Forsyth , 33 , was rushed to Ocala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and immediately taken into surgery , but he later died from his injuries . Scene : The accidental shooting occurred at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution on Monday . Chief Graham added : ` He was shot in the side , so his vest would n't have helped him . ' Forsyth was rushed was to Ocala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and was taken into surgery . However he died several hours later , according to My Fox Orlando . ` Jared was a great guy . He was funny . He had a true servant 's heart , ' Graham said . ` I wish I had a 100 like him . Every time I saw him and talked to him , he put a smile on my face . ' The name of the other officer has not been released . ` Jared was a great guy . He was funny . He had a true servant 's heart , ' Chief Graham said of Forsyth -LRB- second from left -RRB- , pictured here with some colleagues . Investigation : Because the Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the incident , few details of the shooting have been released . News 13 reported that the Florida Department of Law Enforcement has been called in to investigate the shooting . The probe is standard practice in a shooting involving an officer . Forsyth is survived by his mother and stepfather .