Evidence has emerged of a wartime blunder that resulted in millions of pounds of Russian bullion , supposedly bound for America , being lost in the river Clyde . The gold and silver bars had been loaded in Murmansk onto a former Irish Sea ferry , converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped to take part in a dangerous Arctic convoy . The bullion was to pay the Americans for arms shipped to Russia during one of the most crucial stages of the Second World War . Scroll down for video . The bullion was loaded onto the HMS Ulster Queen -LRB- pictured -RRB- in 1942 and was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons when the case of precious metals was lost overboard . The former ferry , HMS Ulster Queen , arrived in Greenock in November 1942 , after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by German U-boats . But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat , one slipped and fell into the muddy waters . Such a veil of secrecy existed over the whole operation it is not known if it was ever recovered . In fact , the incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster Queen 's engineers , and now revealed by his daughter for the first time in a new book . Edinburgh man Leonard H. Thomas served on the Ulster Queen on four convoys to and from Murmansk and Archangel in Russia 's extreme northwest . Mr Thomas had got into the habit of keeping copious notes and sketches during his pre-war role as a crewman on the research ship RRS Discovery II in the Southern Ocean . He had joined the Discovery as a 17-year-old in his native Portsmouth . He continued his writings on the Convoys - but aware that should any of his diaries be discovered he would be in serious trouble , he wrote in code and secreted them well . Before he died in 2000 , aged 88 , he transcribed some of them into four A4 journals , which his daughter , Leona Thomas , has now edited into a book . Edinburgh man Leonard H. Thomas served on the Ulster Queen on four convoys to and from Russia 's extreme northwest . Leona , 61 , a retired school teacher , said yesterday : ` The story about the Russian bullion is fascinating . It must be documented somewhere , but I have never been able to find out what happened afterwards . ' According to her father 's notes , there had been ` a peculiar silence all through the ship ' as she was loaded in Russia . No one was allowed on deck , no one was allowed along the alleyways forward of the engine room , and no one off the mess decks unless they were on watch . Mr Thomas recorded : ` No scuttles -LSB- were -RSB- allowed to be opened , but someone got a gleek out and saw mighty big steam locomotives smothered in soldiers , up and down the cleared area of the track , hundreds of them , all with rifles and many with Tommy guns . ` Our guards lined the deck , we later heard , either side of a small derrick which handled the paravanes -LSB- mine detectors -RSB- . A huge , dark wagon was coaxed , nudged , and jogged until the derrick 's fall was hanging vertically and a rope net was placed on the ground . ` Officers approached the wagon and examined locks and bolts -LSB- with -RSB- armed troops literally surrounding it . Then began the laborious manual exercise of -LSB- unloading -RSB- what looked like ammunition boxes , which required two men to lift . ` Surely this was n't small arms ammunition ! Not with our own guards and hundreds of troops watching it loaded into us . It certainly was not . It was bullion ! ` Two boxes were enough to load the sling and up they went , deposited on our deck , from where each one was slid and lowered down into the ' B Gun ' magazine , never out of sight of at least one officer . ` This was the arrangement so that the millions could be spent in the USA to arm the Russians . ' ` Then into the Wardroom -LSB- went the -RSB- harassed officials , who , we heard , lashed into the whisky `` as if it were free . '' Probably , with all that off their hands , they could afford to . ' Once back in the Clyde , after ` a fast run down the Minches ' , calamity was to come , however . Mr Thomas wrote : ` It was very late when we saw the welcoming but shaded lights of the Boom Control vessels , hauling left and right to usher us through the widening but regulated aperture , and suddenly the serenity of approaching a hallowed anchorage and being met by a small but important armada and a lighter . ` For the next hour it was cloak-and-dagger stuff again , no one allowed on the upper deck forward of the Wardroom or on the working alleyways . We heard that troops and all sorts were organised to receive the bullion from where it had been man-handled onto the upper deck . ` The paravane derrick was reeved -LSB- threaded -RSB- and a wire was taken with snatch blocks to a winch . The first two boxes were slung with a hemp rope-sling . Mr Thomas , who died in 2000 aged 88 , pictured with his late wife Louie in 1996 . ` In the shaded lights were many officials , officers , men in good suits , bayonets , torches , clipboards , tarpaulins , surreptitious smokers , but nary an onlooker . ` Our Captain anxiously peered over the port wing of the bridge , his nose barely over the canvas dodger , to observe the last rites of the Russian bullion . ` And then it happened . The first boxes , two in number , were being hauled toward the lighter , and who knows what happened , but one slipped and fell with a resounding thump and a splash into the Clyde . ` I was told on good authority that it was nothing so much as resembling a H. M. Bateman cartoon . Needless to say , all were to blame according to what was imparted as a result of this shocking affair . ` The rest was capably transferred to a lighter , various bits of paper signed , exchanged , and pocketed , and a tug chuffed up to pull the lighter clear . ' Written in the diaries left for his daughter , Mr Thomas said : ` I was thankful to keep all these years , the actual daily scroll of some of the harrowing times I found myself in , especially the runs in the arctic waters so fraught with danger , both man-made and that of nature . ' Leona said of the gold : ` Who knows , it may still be there . ' Mr Thomas wrote in his diary how the crew of the Ulster Queen had hoped their ship would be chosen to steam straight for America , so they could ` live it up ' for a few days before returning to war-torn Europe . In the end , the decision was apparently made to off-load the cargo in the Clyde , for eventual transfer to another vessel for the Atlantic crossing . The HMS Ulster Queen pictured in her pre-war days as an Irish Sea ferry . She was later converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped .