Jonathan Trott prepared for his first Test appearance since leaving the Ashes tour in turmoil 18 months ago with back-to-back failures in St Kitts . Trott , who looks sure to open with Alastair Cook in the first Test against West Indies in Antigua on Monday , fell for just two , top-edging an attempted pull against a St Kitts side bolstered by England bowlers Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood . It follows his third-ball duck at the hands of his England team-mate Jimmy Anderson but Trott at least made 72 on the first of what became four practice days instead of proper matches in St Kitts ahead of the main business next week . Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England 's warm-up for the first Test in Basseterre . Trott is dismissed by his England team-mate James Anderson in St Kitts . Trott 's only rival for the opener slot , Yorkshire 's Adam Lyth , was dropped twice before falling to a poor shot outside off-stump for 23 but Alastair Cook and Ian Bell looked in much more fluent form before retiring in this practice match . England gave what appeared to be a sneak preview of their side for the first Test as their low-key warm-up week meandered to a close . Their four days of cricket have been desperately short of competitive edge and they at least ensured each of their likely team saw some batting action . Trott looks set to open the batting with Alastair Cook in Antigua in the first Test next week . England completed four days of low-key , uncompetitive warm-up action in Basseterre on Thursday . Alastair Cook . Jonathan Trott . Gary Ballance . Ian Bell . Joe Root . Ben Stokes . Jos Buttler . Chris Jordan . Stuart Broad . James Tredwell . Jimmy Anderson . The decision to linger in the middle after two rain delays in order to allow Chris Jordan and James Tredwell to face some admittedly low-quality bowling , suggested those two would claim the disputed places in the team . Barring a raging turner in Antigua next week there will be only one spinning place and Tredwell , already a likelier pick than Yorkshire 's Adil Rashid , was sent in ahead of his counterpart for a late hit . His dismissal gave Rashid a chance of his own but Tredwell was given priority and can now start preparing for a second Test cap . Jordan , meanwhile , was afforded a decent stint at the crease in the final session , when England pressed for an extra half-hour 's play following rain delays . That suggests he has done enough to remain ahead of Mark Wood and Liam Plunkett , who both bowled for the hosts without doing anything compelling to push their case . Captain Cook made 22 runs in the morning session before retiring on Thursday . Ian Bell looked in fluent touch as he was unbeaten on 43 when he retired . England will leave St Kitts and head to Antigua for the first Test against the West Indies on Monday . Those decisions aside the second in a pair of two-day fixtures has been little more than a glorified training drill , with Plunkett , Mark Wood and Jonny Bairstow dropped in to strengthen the flimsy local side , while Gary Ballance , Trott and Root featured for both teams at various points . Bell looked in best form , making a fluent 43 before retiring , while captain Cook also opted to end his own innings having ground out 22 runs in the morning session .