Mauricio Pochettino says another campaign in the Europa League will hamper Tottenham 's hopes of breaking into the top-four . Spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season 's Champions League look over following poor results against Burnley and Aston Villa . But the White Hart Lane club could yet secure another season in the Europa League . Mauricio Pochettino believes Europa League participation could hamper Tottenham 's top four hopes . However , Pochettino fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering Europe 's elite club competition . ` I think I confirmed my idea and my thoughts before when I had the same question when I was manager of Southampton . ` The Europa League is difficult . When you are a team like us , you play in the Europa League and the Premier League it is difficult to manage it . The Europa League is good if you arrive at the final . We can see now that Everton are a team that has a good level but before it was very difficult for them . Roberto Soldado reacts as Tottenham are knocked out of this season 's competition by Fiorentina . Harry Kane -LRB- centre -RRB- in action as Pochettino 's side struggled to a 0-0 draw against Burnley earlier this month . Liverpool last season and Manchester United this season have shown that within the Europa a League you have a better chance to fight for the top four . Meanwhile , Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager . The caretaker , who replaced Alan Pardew earlier this year , has been in the firing line of late following a sorry run of form . And Pochettino , who revealed Hugo Lloris and Kyle Walker are major doubts ahead of the clash against the Magpies , insists the buck stops with Carver . Christian Benteke -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates his winning goal during Aston Villa 's 1-0 win last weekend . Spurs defender Kyle Walker -LRB- left -RRB- is a major doubt for the Premier League clash against Newcastle . ` I think you care about another manager because you can be in the same position . ` In your career sometimes you are up and sometimes you are down . You suffer a lot when things are not good . So for that reason I care a lot about him . ` But we understand that when you put your face in front on the touchline , when you are a head coach or a manager you are responsible . ` If you want to keep your place you stay in the background . ` The manager has to be brave , it is not an easy job . When the good things happen sometimes it is good to hear : ` Good man , good job . ' ` When the problems arrive it is difficult to be in a good mood . But it is important to be brave . ' Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager . French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris is also likely to miss out as he continues to recover from a knee injury .