A few weeks ago , some members of Tottenham 's ground staff thought the club 's principal owner Joe Lewis had arrived for an impromptu visit to the training ground when a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe pulled into the car park . Lewis is an infrequent visitor to England , exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the Bahamas , where he conducts much of his business on his enormous yacht . Results on the pitch had taken a bit of a downturn and there was an air of anticipation when the driver got out to open the door for his wealthy passenger . Emmanuel Adebayor pictured on his last start for Tottenham against Aston Villa back in early November . Adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe . AGE : 31 . NATIONALITY : Togo . CLUBS . Mets -LRB- 2001-2003 -RRB- : 53 appearances , 19 goals . Monaco -LRB- 2003-2006 -RRB- : 115 apps , 26 goals . Arsenal -LRB- 2006-2009 -RRB- : 142 apps , 62 goals . Man City -LRB- 2009-2012 -RRB- : 45 apps , 19 goals . Real Madrid -LRB- 2011 -RRB- : 22 apps , 8 goals . Tottenham -LRB- 2011 - -RRB- : 106 apps , 41 goals . HONOURS . Monaco - Champions League runner-up -LRB- 2003-04 -RRB- . Real Madrid - Copa del Rey -LRB- 2010-11 -RRB- . It was then that the grinning figure of Emmanuel Adebayor emerged , throwing sand in the face of his employers with another outlandish display of his extravagant lifestyle . He went on to train as normal with the first team , while his driver waited in the Rolls before returning the forward to his London home shortly after Mauricio Pochettino had finished the morning session . Since Adebayor 's last start in the Barclays Premier League for Tottenham , when he was dragged off the pitch after 58 minutes at Aston Villa on November 2 , he has pocketed £ 3.4 million in wages . It was that day at Villa Park when Harry Kane came on as a substitute , scoring his first Premier League goal of the season for Spurs and diving , Jurgen Klinsmann-style , in front of the travelling fans after he scored the winner . By then Adebayor had taken his seat on the bench after one of the most listless , lifeless displays of his entire career . That day he had just 32 touches of the ball and none of them were good . On the bad days at Spurs , when he is in a particularly confrontational mood , he tells people that he is only prepared to leave Tottenham if they can fix a move to Real Madrid or Chelsea . He played for Real once before , a short-term solution for Jose Mourinho during his spell at the Bernabeu , and he has always craved the chance to play for Chelsea . This has not been a good year . He has scored just twice - in the 4-0 victory over QPR on August 24 and the defeat by Newcastle on October 26 - under their new head coach . Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the campaign on the substitutes ' bench for Tottenham . Adebayor 's last goal was against Newcastle in October - one of only two scored this season . This is the final year that Manchester City will make a contribution to his salary , topping up his £ 100,000-a-week wages at White Hart Lane with another £ 70,000 each week as part of the deal that took him south . They , like Tottenham , did not get their money 's worth out of him either . His last appearance for Pochettino was as a substitute on March 15 , sent on to the pitch at Old Trafford when the team were already 3-0 down against Manchester United . He has no future at Spurs . Last season , Tim Sherwood made a point of saying his job was ` to manage men ' when Adebayor went through something of a renaissance under the former Tottenham head coach . Getting him off the wage bill this summer will be a problem , with Spurs in hock to him for one final year on £ 100,000 a week until his contract expires on June 30 , 2016 . Talks aimed at removing him from the list of players on the club 's wage bill are already underway , but Adebayor will not go easily . Naturally , like anyone else in his position , he will want his money . This could have been solved in February , when West Ham came to the table with an offer to take the forward on loan for the rest of the season . Darren Dein , son of former Arsenal vice president David , was brokering a deal that gave West Ham , Adebayor and Tottenham the option to make his move permanent . Throw in the £ 75,000 a week the Hammers were willing to contribute to his complicated salary and it looked like pretty good business for Tottenham . Adebayor did have something of a renaissance under former Tottenham manager Tim Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- . Adebayor , pictured during a session , turned up at training in a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe . Harry Kane -LRB- left -RRB- has 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season . Daniel Levy 's intransigence on the issue is well known , highlighted by David Gold 's tweet - ` no matter how hard you try there are some people out there that you just ca n't do business with ' - when the deal collapsed . In recent weeks Adebayor has been named a substitute on occasion , making up the numbers on the bench because of an injury to another troubled forward , Roberto Soldado . The thing with Adebayor is that it is not all bad , despite goading his employers with pictures on his Instagram account when he is goofing around at home when his team are travelling for a Europa League tie . He is capable of extreme acts of generosity , such as the house he rented out in Rio de Janeiro for all his friends and their girlfriends last summer during the World Cup . Adebayor footed the bill for the lot . As ever , though , Adebayor 's clubs will continue to pay the biggest price .