A woman has warned of the dangers of getting a cut-price boob job abroad after a bungling surgeon left her with a deformed breast that ` looked like a croissant ' . Alison , 43 , from Gloucestershire , has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago . ` It 's horrible to look at and horrible to live with , ' says Alison , who admits she would do ` anything ' to look normal again . Badly damaged : Alison was left with a breast that resembled a croissant following an infection . Desperate to improve the look of her breasts , the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts , this time as part of TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters . Speaking on the show , surgeon Vik Vijh , a cosmetic doctor who specialises in correcting botch jobs , said he was shocked by the appalling damage . ` When I first saw Alison I thought she looked mutilated , ' he said . ` She had an imploded breast , it looked like a croissant . ' More surgery , he said , was the only way to fix it but warned more than one operation could be needed . Alison 's problems began as a teenager when , embarrassed by her small breasts , she began using a booster bra . Horrible : Alison , who wants to ` feel normal again ' , has consulted plastic surgeon Vik Vijh . Hopes : Alison had hoped to boost her bust but ended up loathing her body -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . ` I was always conscious of the way I looked , I bought a booster bra so I could look bigger , ' she remembers . But when she decided to fix the problem by going under the knife in a bid to increase her cup size to a DD , it proved to be the worst decision of her life . Initially pleased with the results , she noticed shortly after the operation that one implant was going hard . ` It started to go hard so I went back and got another implant inserted but that got an infection , ' she said . Bacteria attacked her breast tissue causing it to die so she was left with one shrivelled , deformed breast and one enlarged by surgery . Relief : Following 13 different operations to fix the damage , Alison now has the normal breasts she hoped for . Now she says she would do anything to feel like a normal woman again . ` I hate the way I look and want to be fixed in some way , ' she adds . Mr Vijh , who had initially thought she would need several operations , used fat cells from her stomach combined with an implant to fix the damage . Although a course of antibiotics was needed to keep a repeat of the infection at bay , Alison says she is delighted with her new-look breasts . ` I feel fantastic and feminine , ' she says . ` I can wear anything now . My partner gets flashed on a daily basis and I have a smile back on my face . '