This is the stomach-churning moment a pit crew worker is tossed into the air like a rag doll as he 's hit by an out-of-control racing car . Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday 's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana . As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay . Amazingly Phillips of Franklin , Wisconsin , only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches . It was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of Francesco Dracone , who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel . Dracone spun while exiting his put box , clipping Phillips ' leg . Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he was swiftly given the all-clear . He told The Indianapolis Star that in almost 20 years of being on the track he had never been hit by a race car before . Caught on camera : Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday 's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana . Acrobatic : As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay . Clipped : The rear end of the car made contact with the pit crew worker sweeping his legs from underneath him - amazingly Phillips of Wisconsin only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches . Luckily , Phillips ' helmet helped protect him from head injury as he was slammed against the pit wall . After taking a couple of weeks out , he hopes to be ready to return his car-servicing duties for the IndyCar race in Birmingham , Alabama , on April 26 . Many cars struggled with traction during the Louisiana Grand Prix after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag . Dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd . The 17-race IndyCar season will conclude on August 30 at the Sonoma Raceway in California - one week before the Labor Day Weekend holiday . Freak accident : Phillips -LRB- pictured above -RRB- said that in almost 20 years of being on the track he had never been hit by a race car before .