A Russian-Ukrainian film about a legendary Soviet sniper nicknamed ` Lady Death ' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other . Titled ` Battle for Sevastopol ' in Russia but ` Indestructible ' across the border in Ukraine , the movie -- about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops -- is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived . And despite the freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films , the $ 5million -LRB- £ 3m -RRB- movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev . Scroll down for video . Nazi killer : A Russian-Ukrainian film about legendary Soviet sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko -LRB- left -RRB- who was nicknamed nicknamed ` Lady Death ' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the current crisis . The film -LRB- right -RRB- is titled ` Battle for Sevastopol ' in Russia but ` Indestructible ' across the border in Ukraine . Will it bring unity ? The movie -- about the female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops -- is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived . Director Sergei Mokritsky , who grew up in Ukraine but lives in Russia , told AFP : ` Despite everything , it has been accepted both by the new Ukrainian authorities and our Russian ones . ` I am hoping this film will unite people and at least for two hours , for the length of this film , people can come together in our shared history . ' The Russian-language film is about Ukrainian-born sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko -- nicknamed ` Lady Death ' -- and comes out ahead of the 70th anniversary in May of the Allied victory in the European theatre of World War Two . Trained as a sharpshooter and sent to fight on the frontline in 1941 , aged 25 , Pavlichenko was said to have killed 309 Nazis in less than a year during battles in Odessa and the strategic city of Sevastopol on Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula . Hard-hitting biopic : Russian actors Yevgeny Tsyganov -LRB- left -RRB- and Yulia Peresild -LRB- right -RRB- , who plays Ukrainian-born sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko are seen in a still from Sergei Mokritsky 's ` Battle of Sevastopol ' film . Bringing together a shared history : The Russian-language film -LRB- above -RRB- comes out ahead of the 70th anniversary in May of the Allied victory in the European theatre of World War Two . Heroine : Pavlichenko was said to have killed 309 Nazis in less than a year during battles in Odessa and the strategic city of Sevastopol on Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula during World War Two . Lyudmila Pavlichenko was sent to the frontline in 1941 at the age of 25 after being trained as a sniper . An unyielding character , she is said to have killed no fewer than 309 Nazis during the sieges of Odessa and later the strategic city of Sevastopol on Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula . It is said she once lambasted a fellow sniper for firing a shot than ended the agony of a dying Nazi , saying : ` They do n't deserve an easy death . ' She then falls for a fellow sniper and the couple plan to marry , but she is devastated when he , too , is killed . Finally she is evacuated from Sevastopol after getting injured , soon before the Nazis captured the strategic city in 1942 . Sensing her propaganda value , the Soviet Union then sent her to tour Canada and the United States , where she called for the opening of a new front in the war . Dressed in an army tunic and cap , she became an object of fascination , nicknamed ` Lady Death ' by journalists . She met American First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and was invited to stay at the White House as a personal guest . The women stayed in touch and Roosevelt met her again years later in Moscow . The new biopic was shot on location in Sevastopol in November and December 2013 during the Maidan popular uprising in Kiev , shortly before the toppling of pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych and Russia 's annexation of Crimea . ` I thought we ca n't stop filming , whatever happens , ' Mokritsky recalled . ` The faster , the better , because later , it may not be possible . ' The differing titles for the film highlight some of the bitterest divisions between Russia and Ukraine . In Russian , the title ` Battle for Sevastopol ' resonates with the patriotic fervour generated by Crimea 's annexation in March last year . Meanwhile , the Ukrainian name ` Indestructible ' hints at the national spirit as government forces battle a pro-Russian uprising in the country 's east . As played by Yulia Peresild , the film 's heroine is unsmiling and unremittingly tough . ` War 's no place for cowards , ' she says . She vows to `` kill 100 enemies '' , hugging her rifle and upbraids a fellow sniper for firing a shot to finish off a Nazi dying in agony . `` They do n't deserve an easy death , '' she says . In graphic battle scenes with blood spurting and shells exploding , she shoots to kill without flinching . But she has a softer side , too . She finds love in the arms of a tough commander , who is killed soon afterwards . She then falls for a fellow sniper and the couple plan to marry , but she is devastated when he , too , is killed . Finally she gets injured and is evacuated from Sevastopol , soon before the Nazis captured the strategic city in 1942 . The next stage in Pavlichenko 's life is far from the horrors of the frontline . Sensing her propaganda value , the Soviet Union sent her to tour Canada and the United States , where she called for the opening of a new front in the war . Dressed in an army tunic and cap , she became an object of fascination , nicknamed ` Lady Death ' by journalists . Pavlichenko was trained as a sharpshooter and sent to fight on the frontline in 1941 at the age of 25 . She met American First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and was invited to stay at the White House as a personal guest . The women stayed in touch and Roosevelt met her again years later in Moscow . In the film , she reveals her emotional turmoil while cooking borscht with a motherly Roosevelt , played by British actress Joan Blackham . The film comes hot on the heels of the global smash directed by Clint Eastwood about a U.S. Navy Seal sharpshooter ` American Sniper ' . Critics have lauded the vivid photography in the Ukrainian-Russian film , but complain that Pavlichenko does not come across as a fully-rounded character . ` She faces all these events with the same tense expression , ' wrote Gazeta.ru news site . As for the two governments now locked in a bitter feud , both say they are rooting for the film to be a success - just not quite for the same reasons . ` We see it as a Ukrainian film , ' a spokesman for Kiev 's state film agency told AFP , saying that 79 percent of the film 's financing is Ukrainian , both from the state and private investors . Meanwhile in Russia , an unusually conciliatory Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky said he hoped the movie might remind the rivals of when they fought side by side . ` It 's very important today that it 's a Ukrainian-Russian co-production . This is a film about our shared victory , ' Medinsky said . SIEGE OF ODESSA : . The Ukrainian city of Odessa was subjected to an unrelenting aerial bombardment by the Nazis and their Axis allies in June 1941 . Surrounded on three sides , it was anticipated that Soviet forces would succumb quickly , but a channel via the Black Sea allowed for supplies and reinforcements to make their way into the city . A second onslaught began in mid-August , but was forced to halt around a week later for a few days because of heavy casualties at the hands of the Red Army . Heavy artillery : German troops during the siege of Odessa against the Soviet army in World War Two . Soviet soldiers march through a muddy field near Odessa . However , by September 15 , Soviet troops began to fall back towards the city and by early October , Moscow ordered a retreat . In the first two weeks of October , more than 120,000 troops were evacuated , along with 1,000 trucks and 20,000 tons of ammunition . On October 15 , Romanian troops -- part of the Axis alliance -- entered the city . The Romanians lost nearly 18,000 troops while the Soviet Union lost around 16,000 . Source : World War II Database . BATTLE FOR SEVASTOPOL : . Sevastopol , a key port city on the Black Sea , came under attack from five Nazis divisions , supported by Luftwaffe bombardments , in May 1942 . Soviet troops were battered by up to 1,800 aerial sorties a day and were outnumbered by two to one on the ground . The Soviet Coastal Army , led by General I.E. Petrov , mustered 106,000 men , 600 artillery guns , 100 mortars and 38 tanks . German sappers at Sevastopol , where a massive siege was launched against the Soviet Red Army . The Germans , meanwhile , assembled 204,000 men , 670 artillery guns , 720 mortars , 655 anti-tank guns , 450 tanks and 600 aircraft . By the end of June , the Germans fought their way into the city and an evacuation of Russian forces in the city was ordered on June 30 , lasting for four days . By the end of the siege , 90,000 Russian prisoners had been taken and they lost the equivalent of two armies . Source : History Learning Site .