British officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from Moscow despite heightened tensions with Vladimir Putin . Russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge Nato war games exercise off the coast of Scotland , it emerged yesterday . British officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from Moscow under a European arms control treaty despite heightened tensions with Vladimir Putin . They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior , designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression . Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise , which was hailed by the Government as one of the largest land , air , and sea training exercises run in Europe . Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the exercise , involving 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces would show the world how ` powerful ' Nato was . But last night it emerged that despite tensions with Mr Putin , Britain was still obliged to allow military inspectors into the country . The visit began on Monday at Lossiemouth and involves experts from the Russian National Nuclear Threat Reduction Centre , international officials said . Russian state media said the team from the centre , part of the counry 's defence ministry , would conduct ` a series of checks ' at the exercise . Britain has not inspected Russian since 2010 , however Russia is still obliged to accept inspections twice a year from other countries . Under the terms of the Vienna Document 2011 agreement , nations are permitted to conduct a limited number of inspections on the territories of other signatory states . The UK regularly conducts similar inspections on other nations ' territories . Sergey Ryzhkov , head of the centre , said : ` During the event , the inspectors will visit ranges and plan to hold command briefings on the conducted military activities . ' It is the first time Russian inspectors have attended Nato manoeuvres since relations between Moscow and the alliance plummeted after the annexation of Crimea . Nato has withdrawn all cooperation from Russia in protest at its aggression in Ukraine and stepped up exercises to try to reassure eastern allies who feel threatened by the Kremlin . Defence Secretary Michael Fallon -LRB- pictured -RRB- said the exercise , involving 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces would show the world how ` powerful ' Nato was . David Cameron reiterated Mr Fallon 's comments last month that the exercise would ` send a clear message to those who threaten us ' that the UK and alliance could protect themselves . Members are still bound by several arms control and cooperation treaties though . The Russian team will be escorted at all times and will only be given unclassified information , the MoD in London said . Defence sources said it was ` routine ' and Russian officers had last made similar official visits last year . An MOD spokesman said : ` This routine inspection , which forms part of our obligations under the Vienna Document 2011 , will have no impact on Joint Warrior . The inspection party will not have access to any sensitive information and will be accompanied throughout . '