Prince George 's birth in 2013 sparked a £ 247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia but experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect . A more modest sales increase of between £ 60 and £ 70m is predicted , with most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs . However , the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term - especially if the child turns out to be a girl . Scroll down for video . Smaller scale : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second child will have a lesser effect at the tills . ` It 's not so much of a major event when you have another baby , ' explains Professor Joshua Bamfield , director of the Centre for Retail Research . ` I think it will have an impact on the sales of prosecco and champagne and cake but not much more than that . ' Despite his warning , scores of companies are hoping to cash in on the second royal birth , with plans for items ranging from mugs to beauty boxes afoot . Leading the charge to the tills is the Royal Mint which announced plans for a commemorative £ 5 coin last week , and the Royal Collection Trust . Potter Emma Bridgewater has designed a special mug , while beauty subscription company BirchBox is offering a ` royally good ' box containing Korres showergel and Lola Barcelona nailpolish among other items . Bonanza : The birth of Prince George sparked a £ 247m sales boom between the 1st July and 31st August 13 . Prince of Sales : Since then , George has gone on to replicate his mother 's impact on clothing sales . The new baby 's grandfather Prince Charles is also hoping for a baby-related boost to his charity coffers via products sold in his Highgrove shop . Although no official memorabilia is planned , The Highgrove Shop , which turns over its profits to the Prince of Wales 's Charitable Foundation , already sells organic baby balm for £ 24.95 , a Highgrove baby bear for £ 34.95 and a `` happy and glorious '' baby blanket , featuring guards in red tunics and bearskin hats , priced at £ 94.95 . The flurry of royal baby memorabilia echoes that sparked by the birth of Prince George , when the market was flooded by everything from bibs to books . Other items included royal-themed potties , dummies featuring crowns , bibs proclaiming ` I love Aunty Pippa ' and a book entitled Shhh ! Do n't Wake The Royal Baby ! While there 's no shortage of choice this time around , Professor Bamfield says the baby 's long-term impact on retail will be more significant than the initial flurry . ` When the baby has a certain sweater on , everybody will want to buy that , ' he says , pointing to the ongoing Kate and George effects . Making his mark : Outfits worn by Prince George such as these Rachel Riley dungarees , sell out . New baby , new coin : The Royal Mint is producing a series of coins to mark the new royal birth . ` The impact of the baby is going to be over a longer period , particularly if it 's a girl . -LSB- It will be about -RSB- the equipment they use , her clothes , her toys . ' Items that will be available in the short term include an as yet unseen collection of commemorative china from the Royal Collection Trust . The designs will not be unveiled until after the birth and confirmation of the baby 's sex and production is not likely to be completed until after the baby has been named . For George in July 2013 , the Royal Collection produced items including a pillbox -LRB- £ 30 -RRB- , a small loving cup -LRB- £ 39 -RRB- , a dessert plate -LRB- £ 45 -RRB- and a limited-edition loving cup -LRB- £ 195 -RRB- . More commemorative mugs will come from the Staffordshire potteries , who , along with Emma Bridgewater , traditionally mark royal events . The Royal Mint is also to produce a celebratory £ 5 coin - again repeating the routine after Prince George 's birth when it produced 10,000 silver crown-sized £ 5 coins . Each one cost £ 80 while a further 2,013 22-carat gold sovereigns , all featuring St. George , were sold for £ 800 apiece .