Prince William and Kate Middleton 's wedding is arguably the most famous marital ceremony of the the 21st Century so far . So it is should be of little surprise that their choice of wedding decor has started to influence some of Britain 's celebrities . As the preparations for Andy Murray and Kim Sears 's nuptials reach the final few days , wedding planners for the couple have been seen carrying trees into Dunblane Cathedral ahead of Saturday 's ceremony . Scroll down for video . Andy Murray and Kim Sears , pictured at the Wimbledon Champions Dinner 2013 , are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane this weekend . The decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 , when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey . There is less than 48 hours now until the Scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown . For the last week , the whole town have been getting involved in the celebrations . The inhabitants of the Dunblane have gone into overdrive for wedding of their most famous resident , lining the streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce in many of the stories . Trees were wheeled into Dunblane cathedral earlier today ahead of the nuptials . Trees lined the aisle at Prince Williams wedding to Kate Middleton . Am official portrait from the royal wedding in 2011 . Since the Wimbledon champion announced his plans to say ` I do ' at the cathedral , there have also been plans to line the streets with well-wishers as the couple make their way to the venue . Messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows and several business owners have already sent gifts to either Andy , 27 , or his bride-to-be ahead of the big day . Lesley Anderson , 52 , who owns Point Nouveau Bridal shop in Dunblane , sent a crystal-covered garter to Kim Sears six weeks ago and received kind a thank you note which said it was ` gorgeous ' . The ivory-coloured piece is hand-embroidered on the inside with the couple 's initials and wedding date and was designed by Nicola Ure from K C Bridal specialists in Falkirk . A handmade card featuring Andy and Kim , 27 , on the front drawn by local artist Lorna Brown accompanied the garter . Decorations feature in many of the shop windows in Dunblane . Messages and mascots also feature in the town 's stores . The card shows Andy in his kilt holding a tennis racket and Kim in her dress along with their Border Terriers . Kim 's reply to the gifts read : ` Dear Lesley and all at Point Nouveau Bridal . ` Just a little note to say a huge thank you for the gorgeous gift Nicola made for me . ` It was very kind of you and I had n't found a garter yet so thanks ever so much . ` Also , that card of Lorna Brown 's is absolutely fabulous ! It really made us giggle , especially our two little dogs in the background ! ` We are really excited for our big day in a month 's time and are happy to be celebrating our wedding in Dunblane . ` Thank you again for your thoughtfulness and generosity . Best wishes , Kim Sears X. ' Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day . Many of the local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting . Lesley Anderson , 52 , -LRB- left -RRB- who owns Point Nouveau Bridal shop in Dunblane , sent a crystal-covered garter to Kim Sears with a hand-drawn picture of the couple -LRB- left -RRB- . Kim replied with a handwritten note -LRB- right . Lesley is close friends with Andy 's grandmother , Shirley Erskine , 83 and gave the garter and card to her to take to Kim . She said : ` Out of the blue we got this beautiful card . To be honest we never ever thought we would hear very much at all so when we got this beautiful card we were chuffed to bits . ` I was absolutely delighted . This was such a personal thing . We were really , really chuffed . Andy continues to maintain a close bond with the town - after winning Wimbledon , he shook hands with all the shop owners on the Dunblane High street . When Murray , 27 , says ` I do ' on April 11 , the guests wishing them well will be largely a gathering of close family and friends . A local butcher has poems about the happy couple in the shop window . Murray 's status as one of the world 's best tennis players means he has mixed with everyone from A-list celebrities such as James Corden to the Prime Minister and even the Queen . But the biggest name likely to be in attendance at Dunblane Cathedral , where the couple are tying the knot , is one-time British tennis star Tim Henman . Indeed , when the sport 's world number one , Novak Djokovic , was asked by a journalist recently if he would be attending the celebration , he replied with a curt : ` Not invited ' , before following up with a more charitable : ` But I wish him all the best . ' A sign telling people about parking restrictions around Dunblane Cathedral ahead of Andy 's wedding to Kim . Murray has said : ` There wo n't be any celebrities as such . ` I do n't have any celebrity friends so it was n't something that was planned . ' -LSB- It 'll be -RSB- Everyone who we 're close to , people we 've spent a lot of time with in the past but also people we see ourselves spending time with in the future . ` That 's how we came up with the names . Pretty much everything is done now and under control . I 'm sure a few things will come up next week but it 's pretty much sorted . ' There will be names from the tennis world in attendance but certainly not players who are as well known as the likes of Nadal or Federer . Dunblane Cathedral , where the couple will hold their nuptials . Murray has invited Dutch doubles player Jules Rojer , who he spends time with while training in Miami and Davis Cup team mate James Ward . Another British pro Jamie Delgado will also attend . For the 27-year-old 's many fans and friends in the town , at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community . It is understood local residents and businesses urged the former Wimbledon champion to hold the April 11 service at the cathedral rather than at luxury hotel Cromlix House in nearby Kinbuck -- so they too could toast his big day . The reception will be held at Cromlix , which Murray owns . Kim shows off her engagement ring at the Australian Open in Melbourne , Australia , last January . The 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at Cromlix , which seats only 28 . Thousands are expected to line Dunblane High Street on the day . Murray 's uncle Niall Erskine said : ` I 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of Dunblane in the past . Andy has admitted that , food aside , he 's left much of the preparation for the big day to his betrothed : ` Kim 's been pretty much doing it ' ` I 've tried to help out when she has asked , but I have n't been over-involved . I did all the food and cake tasting which I really enjoyed , although I did n't think I was going to . He added : ` It 's a big day for Kim . Pretty much everything is taken care of now . She seems fairly relaxed but as we get closer that might change . '