A politics teacher at a £ 31,000-a-year boarding school attended by Sir Winston Churchill has been banned from classrooms after he was caught on video exposing himself to a woman on a train . Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi , 41 , who was head of politics at St George 's School in Ascot , was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger . He has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following a hearing by a National Council of Teaching and Leadership -LRB- NCTL -RRB- disciplinary panel in Coventry . Scroll down for video . Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi , who was head of politics at St George 's School in Ascot , was on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a female passenger -LRB- pictured -RRB- . On June 30 2014 Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates ' Court following the June 13 incident on-board a train . The court heard at the time that he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to her . The woman began secretly filming him on her mobile phone and asked her husband to meet her at Wokingham train station , where he confronted Cudjoe-Calvocoressi . Cudjoe-Calvocoressi left the station but was soon found and arrested by police and was charged with indecent exposure . When interviewed by police he initially denied that he had deliberately exposed himself , but when he appeared at Berkshire Magistrates ' Court he pleaded guilty to the offence . At the school 's internal investigating meeting Cudjoe-Calvocoressi admitted that he had exposed himself - but said that he did not realise he was causing distress . Following the court case he was sentenced to a supervision requirement , a community order which runs until July 27 2017 and was ordered to pays costs of £ 85 , compensation of £ 700 and a £ 60 victim surcharge . He was also told to sign the sex offenders register for five years . The woman filmed Cudjoe-Calvocoressi when he exposed himself on the train , leading to his conviction . The exclusive St George 's School in Ascot -LRB- pictured -RRB- which was originally a boys ' school , has an impressive alumni including Sir Winston Churchill , Princess Beatrice and even Made in Chelsea star Kimberley Garner . Now , at the NCTL disciplinary panel in Coventry Cudjoe-Calvocoressi admitted the alleged facts and admitted that the conviction was for a relevant offence . Imposing the ban on behalf of Education Secretary Nicky Morgan , NCTL official Paul Heathcote said : ` There is no allegation that his actions were sexually motivated and his actions did not involve children , nor did he use his professional position . ` While his actions had the potential to cause harm , there is no evidence that they did so . ` In all the circumstances I agree with the panel 's recommendation that Mr Cudjoe-Calvocoressi be allowed to apply for the order to be set aside on or after 29 July 2019 . ' The ban means that he is prohibited from teaching and can not teach in any school , sixth form college , relevant youth accommodation or children 's home in England . He has the right to appeal to the High Court against the decision . However , the door has been left open for him to return to teaching . In a decision imposed on behalf of the Education Secretary it was held that Cudjoe-Calvocoressi should be allowed to apply to return to teaching in 2019 when the five-year order that he signs the Sex Offenders Register comes to an end . The exclusive St George 's School , which was originally a boys ' school , has an impressive alumni including Sir Winston Churchill , Princess Beatrice and even Made in Chelsea star Kimberley Garner . Princess Beatrice on her first day at St George 's school accompanied by her parents the Duke and Duchess of York , in 2000 -LRB- pictured left -RRB- . Sir Winston Churchill -LRB- right -RRB- was also a student at the prestigious school .