Our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with ET . This is according to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory who is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . It claims iRobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life . Our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with ET . This is according to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory who is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . iRobot is famous for creating self-guided Roomba machines . The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on . ` We 'll see the whole thing with our electronics , ' Harvey Liszt , spectrum manager for the observatory , told Bloomberg . ` It 's a distortion . ' iRobot , who has created self-guided Roomba vacuum cleaners , has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design . The Massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn . Existing models use wires hidden in the ground to set boundaries , rather using airwaves . Astronomers that the frequencies iRobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol -- a key sign of star formation . There is already a ban on the use of mobile phone close to the Green Bank Telescope -LRB- pictured -RRB- in West Virginia , which the National Radio Astronomy Observatory owns . The company claims its device could ` make this necessary chore easier ' and reduce the 38,000 injuries caused by walk-behind mowers each year . According to Bloomberg , iRobot claims the astronomers ' concerns are exaggerated and said the chances of its gardening technology will interfere with space exploration are ` infinitesimal ' . But the National Radio Astronomy Observatory argues that the frequencies iRobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol -- a key sign of star formation . iRobot has offered to place a notice in user manuals that states : ` Consumer use only ; use must be limited to residential areas . ' Researchers at the Parkes Observatory claim they have finally found the source of these ` alien ' signals - in their kitchen microwave . For years , scientists have been trying to uncover the source of mysterious radio signals being picked up in Australia . Theories have ranged from evaporating black holes to extraterrestrial communication and mergers of neutron stars . Now researchers at the Parkes Observatory claim they have finally found the source of these ` alien ' signals - in their kitchen microwave . Scientists knew the strange signals , known as perytons , originated somewhere near to the planet , but they had no idea just how close . The researchers were able to replicate the emission of perytons by opening the microwave door while the device was still running . Within a fraction of a second , the microwave activity was picked up by the reader and the source of the perytons revealed . ` Subsequent tests revealed that a peryton can be generated at 1.4 GHz when a microwave oven door is opened prematurely and the telescope is at an appropriate relative angle , ' the authors wrote . But this does n't go far enough , say astronomers . They want the company to implement ` exclusion zones based on geolocation ' to keep lawnmowers at least 55 miles -LRB- 89 km -RRB- from telescopes . iRobot responded by saying : ` The NRAO observatories for the most part are not closely surrounded by residential areas , at least no residential areas with lawns . ` A review of the observatory locations on Google maps also shows that many are surrounded by desert or forests , not environments where residential lawn equipment is used . ' NRAO replied : ` This claim is most charitably characterised as silly . ' There is already a ban on the use of mobile phone close to the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia , which the National Radio Astronomy Observatory owns . Both iRobot and the National Radio Astronomy Observatory have yet to respond to DailyMail.com for comment . iRobot , who has created self-guided Roomba vacuum cleaners , has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design . The Massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn .