If you think you have seen a ghost , you may have been suffering the effects of exposure to mould , according to a group of scientists . Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains . Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment . All an illusion ? Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings -LRB- illustrated by a stock image -RRB- are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains . ` Experiences reported in many hauntings are similar to mental or neurological symptoms reported by individuals exposed to toxic moulds , ' said Professor Shane Rogers of Clarkson University in Potsdam , New York . ` Psychoactive effects of some fungi are well-known , whereas the effects of others such as indoor moulds are less researched . ` Although allergy and asthma symptoms and other physiological effects are well established , there has long been controversy over the effects of indoor mould exposure on cognitive and other functioning of the brain . ` Reports of psychiatric symptoms including mood swings , hyperactivity , and irrational anger , as well as cognitive impairment are prevalent among those exposed to moulds . Brain drain : Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment , among other problems . A stock image of toxic mould in the firm of Stachybotrys chartarum spores , is shown . ` Ghosts ' tend to be sighted in old buildings , which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems . No-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor moulds on the brain . But spores have been linked with mood swings , hyperactivity , and irrational anger , as well as cognitive impairment . Recent reports indicate that exposure to toxic mould spores may cause brain inflammation and memory loss . A team of researchers are exploring whether the mould may cause people to think they have seen ghosts , by comparing conditions in ` haunted ' and non-haunted old buildings . ` Other reports include depression and loss of memory function . ` More recent work is emerging that supports brain inflammation and memory loss in mice exposed to Stachybotrys charatarum , a common indoor air mould , as well as increased anxiety and fear . ' Professor Rogers is currently leading a team of researchers measuring air quality in several reportedly haunted places around New York State . The group will compare samples taken from several buildings where ghost sightings have been reported with samples taken from properties with no paranormal activity , to see if there is a difference in the types of fungi . Professor Rogers said : ` I have long been a fan of ghost stories and shows related to investigation of haunted places and have to admit to some strange occurrences in my own past . ` Many of the places under investigation and from my own experiences may be prime environments for mould and other indoor air quality issues . ` We would like to see if we can parse out some commonality between the mould microbiome in places that are haunted relative to those that are not . ' The real ghost busters : Here , undergraduate environmental engineering students -LRB- from left to right -RRB- Thomas O'Rourke and Daniel C. Schwab work with Professor Shane Rogers to sample air quality in buildings associated with alleged ghost activity . The team have only just begun their investigations , but have been to a handful of ` haunted ' buildings to collect samples , as well as properties with mould , but no connection to ghosts . ` In one historic house turned into an office building there have been reports of noises , moving ceiling tiles , moving items on shelves and desks , apparitions , and a general feeling of unease among building occupants , ' he said . ` There have been long-standing stories of some of the original family members still occupying the place . ` In another location , the Remington Art Museum in Ogdensburg New York , there is a long history of ghost stories involving the former occupants and others . ` A week prior to our visit , they had a visit from a psychic who took a reading in several rooms in the museum that we then used to target our air quality studies . ` She reported a few `` folks '' came to speak with her , children running in and out of some of the rooms in the house , and a woman that claimed she was `` not won in a poker game '' , which was related to a long-time story related to the Remington family . ` So far , we have n't been spooked out of a location , but time will tell . ' The team have only just begun their investigations , but have been to a handful of ` haunted ' buildings to collect samples , as well as properties with mould , but no connection to ghosts . For example , they have visited the Remington Art Museum in Ogdensburg New York -LRB- pictured -RRB- , where there is a long history of ghost stories .