A teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in India -- and her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack . The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi 's Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns . She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house in Kosi Kalan , in Uttar Pradesh 's Mathura district , to relieve herself . Scroll down for video . A teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men from her village in India . She is now recovering in Delhi 's Safdarjung Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- . She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house in Kosi Kalan , in Uttar Pradesh 's Mathura district , to relieve herself -LRB- file image -RRB- . On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene , according to NDTV , to the shock of her brother , who doused her with water . He told the broadcaster : ` When I woke up , I saw her in flames ... I poured water on her to put out the flames . ' The girl was screaming for help , according to a neighbour . The accused men have been arrested . There is a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in India at the moment after officials last month banned India 's Daughter , a documentary about the gang rape and murder of an Indian student in Delhi . Recent attacks in India have resulted in street protests with many calling for more protection for women . Officials said the documentary would cause further disorder if it was shown , following a number of protests and incidents of vigilante justice in the country . The documentary explained the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old student Jyoti Singh , who was attacked on a bus when she returned home from the cinema . One of the six men convicted of the attack , bus driver Mukesh Singh , was interviewed in prison and told researchers that had Jyoti not fought back she would not have been killed . Her death led to protests throughout India and outraged the world . Last month an angry mob were seen on video footage beating a man to death in the street who was accused of raping and murdering an 11-year-old girl . Video footage has emerged of the brutal prolonged attack on the 18-year-old , which was watched by a jeering 1,000-strong crowd in Nagaland in eastern India . Ibo Cha was said to have been beaten for an hour before he died of his injuries . The footage was shot in September last year after the girl 's body was found in woodland , enraging locals . But it only came to light after earlier this year alleged rapist Syed Sarif Khan was kidnapped from prison and dragged through the streets of the same area . He was then stripped naked and beaten to death . He was accused but not convicted of raping a 19-year-old female student multiple times . Later Nagaland Government said he was innocent . Jyoti Singh Pandey , a physiotherapy student , was gang raped as she travelled on a bus . The 23-year-old suffered in hospital for 13 days from her injuries before she died . Vinay Sharma , 20 , Akshay Thakur , 28 , Pawan Gupta , 19 , and Mukesh Singh , 26 , were all sentenced to death for her rape . Ram Singh , co-accused and widely considered the leader of the group , was found dead in his cell . A minor also found guilty was sentenced to three years in a reformatory institution . Her death sparked angry protests in India and internationally about misogyny in the country . The attention forced judges to prioritise the case and the lawyer 's association in Saket reportedly refused to defend the perpetrators . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .