These days , Gazza is a celebrity associated with tears , and battles against drink and depression . But , nearly a quarter of a century ago , Paul Gascoigne was just a footballer . Not an ordinary footballer - he was a brilliantly talented maverick , but still a footballer . And 24 years ago today , he scored what was arguably the finest goal of his career . There are some who might say it was the finest goal ever scored at Wembley . The other main contender for that prize is probably another of his , for England against Scotland at Euro 96 . Paul Gascoigne hits the 35-yard free-kick that would cement his place in Tottenham legend . The Spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley . Gascoigne 's goal came five minutes into an FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham 's arch-rivals , Arsenal . Gunners goalkeeper David Seaman -LRB- right -RRB- got his hands to the ball but the power on Gascoigne 's shot still beat him . But April 14 , 1991 was FA Cup semi-final day . Tottenham Hotspur vs Arsenal . Fierce rivals battling it out for a place in the final when the oldest cup competition in football meant so much to every club that entered . Arsenal won the league that year . But had you asked their fans at Wembley that day whether they would rather win the title or the FA Cup having knocked out Spurs , and many would have opted for the latter . They did n't get the choice , however , and that was because of Gascoigne . It took him just five minutes to make the indelible mark . Tottenham won a free-kick 35 yards from goal . Nobody suspected much . Certainly not Barry Davies , who was commentating on the game for the BBC . Gascoigne runs towards the Spurs fans to celebrate as Vinny Samways -LRB- left -RRB- joins the wild scenes . The then England star leaps into the air to celebrate his glorious strike at the home of football . Gascoigne 's goal set Spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory , and they would go on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final . ` Is Gascoigne going to have a crack ? , ' he asked . It was a relaxed , throwaway question . ` He is you know , ' came the next line shortly after , excitement barely registering . Gascoigne took a run-up at the ball , and swung hard with his right boot . He nailed it , right on the sweet spot . The shot quickly became a cannonball , bursting through David Seaman 's gloves and into the top corner of the net , despite the goalkeeper getting his hands to the ball . ` Oh I say ! ' screamed Davies , whose commentary would now go down in legend as well as the goal . ` Brilliant ! ' Spurs fans celebrated wildly in the stands . ` That ... is ... schoolboy 's own stuff . Oh , I bet even he ca n't believe it . ` Is there anything left from this man to surprise us ? That is one of the finest free-kicks this stadium has ever seen . ' It was , and still is . 24 years from now it still will be . So let 's forget for a moment about the Gazza we know today , and simply celebrate the genius of Paul Gascoigne . -LRB- left-right -RRB- David Howells , Steve Sedgley , Justin Edinburgh and Paul Stewart join Gascoigne to celebrate at the end of the match .