It 's a classic Australian saying : ` g ` day mate , how you going ? ' . But when one Australian traveller tried to get American 's to repeat it , many were lost for words . Kieran Murray , from Brisbane in Queensland , recently spent months travelling across the US , and documented his interactions with locals all around the country . From a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about Britney Spears , to a man who insisted Murray was saying ` Get out of my nightgown ' , the filmmaker captured it all . Scroll down for video . Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying ` g ` day mate , how you going ? One man in Austin , Texas -LRB- far right -RRB- was convinced Murray said ` Get out -LRB- of -RRB- my nightgown ' This is the latest in a series of videos Murray put together one of which is based around the same topic , and another of which asks people to guess what common Australian expressions mean . ` I do n't even know what he said ! ' exclaimed one Texan when asked by the Brisbane man to repeat the phrase . ` Say it again in English ? ' , asked a man in Manhattan , New York . ` Sounds Chinese to me man , ' he later added . Many people threw strange sideways glances at the man , trying to understand what he was saying , with one man declaring ` that 's Spanish ! ' . Others erupted into fits of laughter as they tried to translate the classic Australian vernacular , and Murray also ran into one very talkative man intent on repeating he used to live in the back of Britney Spears ' dads house . This New Yorker said ` sounds Chinese to me man ' , when speaking to the Brisbane man . One man in Nashville responded with an incomprehensible sentence while trying his hand at the Aussie accent . This man , who did n't quite get the gist of the question , was insistent on telling a story about Britney Spears . ` I lived in the back , of Britney Spears ' dads house ' , the man , who appears to be homeless , told the filmaker over and over again . When he was asked again to repeat the phrase after Murray , he simply said : ` All right ' . While on the subway Murray asked one man to repeat what he said , but he simply declared ` Ca n't do it ' . ` I do n't know what you said , were those words ? ' one woman , who appeared to be at a sporting event , asked the Australian . ` What the hell 'd you say ? ' exclaimed one hog hunter in Texas . Kids giggled as they tried to understand what Murray was saying in his Australian accent . Many times the filmmaker was met with strange glances from confused Americans . Children were n't much better and translating the popular Aussie phrase , but the best of the bunch came from a shirtless man in Austin , Texas . ` Wait I got this , ' the man said while surrounded by his friends before triumphantly proclaiming : ` Get out my nightgown ! ' . ` That 's the one . Get out my nightgown . I got it right , I already know I got it , ' the man said . Murray even managed to stump a speech therapist who struggled to understand the Australian accent . The video , aptly titled ` g ` day Mate : The Sequel ' can be viewed in full on Murray 's YouTube page .