Many of us may not have the billionaire lifestyle or scientific prowess of Marvel 's Tony Stark , but we can now at least get his trademark hi-tech gloves at home . Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm . And in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away . Scroll down for video . Laser expert Patrick Priebe built a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm -LRB- pictured lighting a match -RRB- . The gadget was created by Wuppertal-based Mr Priebe , who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online . He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero . His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths . Earlier this year , Mr Priebe built a laser weapon , inspired by the Gatling gun . The gun is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1.4-watt Class 4 blue lasers . The inventor said , although it is only strong enough to pop balloons , it is still too dangerous to be used outside . A video shows the rapid-fire weapon popping 26 balloons mounted on a wall . Eight AA batteries power the laser motor and the gun 's turret is powered by four ball bearings controlled by a mechanism under the gun . As the barrel spins , the lasers - powered by lithium-ion batteries - are shot out . These range from the blue 405nm-type laser model to one fitted with 445nm , or 650nm . He also offers a ` low power green ' version on his website . The gadgets are powered by Lithium-ion cells and output ranges between 0.2 W and 1.2 W. Prices are not known . The Laser Glove can be fired continuously for up to three minutes before the batteries need to be replaced and can be made for either the left or right hand , or both . He has previously built a Spiderman-style web shooter and Cyclops style laser glasses . Other inventions include the Bond-inspired LaserWatch , consisting of a metal case , screws , and a built-in laser pointer . The rechargeable watch has an LED watch module and 1,500-milliwatt laser . Earlier this year , the same German inventor built a laser weapon , inspired by the Gatling gun . The gun is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1.4-watt Class 4 blue lasers . The inventor said that although it is only strong enough to pop balloons , it is still too dangerous to be used outside . A video shows the rapid-fire weapon popping 26 balloons mounted on a wall . The gadget -LRB- pictured -RRB- is powered by Lithium-ion cells and output ranges between 0.2 W and 1.2 W. Prices are not known . The Laser Glove can be fired continuously for up to three minutes before the batteries need to be replaced and it can be made for either the left or right hand , or both . The glove was inspired by Iron Man , also known as Tony Stark , played by Robert Downey Jnr -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Eight AA batteries power the laser motor and the gun 's turret is powered by four ball bearings controlled by a mechanism under the gun . As the barrel spins , the lasers - powered by lithium-ion batteries - are shot out . The inventor is obviously fearful his designs will fall into the wrong hands , too , as he states on his website : ` No plans , no schematics , no blueprints ' . The laser weapon is a taken on the iconic Gatling gun invented by Richard Gatling in the 1860s . Mr Priebe previously built a Spiderman-style web shooter and Cyclops style laser glasses . Other inventions include the Bond-inspired LaserWatch , consisting of a metal case , screws , and built-in laser pointer -LRB- shown -RRB- . Mr Priebe admitted the watch was a ` pain in the a ' to make because of all the tiny parts , and the total watch took him around 40 hours to complete . The watch is pictured popping balloons on a wall . The laser watch was inspired by 1964 Bond film Goldfinger . In this scene , Auric Goldfinger -LRB- played by Gert Fröbe -RRB- ties James Bond -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- to a table and threatens to cut him using the laser pointer -LRB- pictured -RRB- . In a video for Reactions , the American Chemical Society took a look at the science of Marvel 's Avengers . Tony Stark 's original suit , made only of iron , would have weighed around 70 kg -LRB- 150 lbs -RRB- according to the ACS - not very comfortable or easy to move around in . He later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but that would actually make things worse explained the video . ` That suit would probably weigh around 160 kg -LRB- 350 lbs -RRB- , which might work for the Hulk but not for Tony Stark , ' said the narrator . However , Dr Raychelle Burks continued that it is later made of a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol . The American Chemical Society in Washington recently explained the science behind the Avengers in a video . It looked at the composition of Iron Man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America 's shield . The video also explained the science behind super-healing abilities . This is ` strong but light , and can be reformed after taking damage , ' she said . ` There may also be some graphite reinforced with carbon fibre , which can take a lot of heat - useful if Iron Man does n't want to singe his feet using those rocket boots . ' None of this would work , though , without Stark 's own portable nuclear power station - the Arc Reactor . In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character . So instead , he creates a new element - and Dr Burks said this might not be as far-fetched as it seems . He uses his own particle accelerator to smash the nuclei of atoms together and make a new type of atom , which is not entirely dissimilar to the experiments taking place at real-life accelerators such as Cern .