It 's been a frustrating few weeks but at our end we are trying everything we can to make the fight that everyone in this country wants to see -- Scott Quigg against Carl Frampton . You 'll have seen by now that we have offered Frampton £ 1.5 million for the fight -- all he has to do is turn up , we will take all the risks . If there 's more we can do to make this fight happen then I do n't know what it is . Now it is up to Frampton and his people to decide if they really want it . If they do , cash the cheque and come to the Manchester Arena on July 18 . Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £ 1.5 million to do so on July 18 . Promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for £ 1.5 m live on television on Tuesday . I hope they do because I really ca n't understand what is stopping them . All the risk is on our side . I have fronted up this money and Scott is the one who might earn less . If this only generates average pay-per-view numbers then he might only make a third of what Frampton is getting . Personally , I think it will do big numbers and then Scott will probably get about the same as Frampton . It was interesting to see the Cyclone -LRB- Frampton 's promoters -RRB- statement shortly after . They said this fight can only happen if they are co-promoters . Why , if we are the ones putting the money up ? If it matters that much to them to have their name on the poster or Michael Buffer read their name out before the fight then I do n't have a problem with that either . The fact is it 's not about Cyclone or Matchroom , it 's about Scott Quigg and Carl Frampton . Frampton made the first defence of his world title against Chris Avalos in February . In any case , Scott will fight on July 18 at Manchester Arena . I have held talks with both Nonito Donaire , the Filipino sensation , and Kiko Martinez . Both are former world champions and both are brilliant fights . Scott has options but he knows the biggest fight in the super-bantamweight division is a unification against Frampton . That is why we are busting a gut to make it happen . Now the ball is in Frampton 's court . It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight on my May 30 card at the O2 Arena . With Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby fighting for world titles and Anthony Joshua taking on Kevin Johnson , the addition of Kell will make this one of the very best cards this country has seen in years . Many have called for a fight between the IBF 's No 5 ranked fighter Frankie Gavin to face Kell . I can tell you it is a fight that we are considering very closely . Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring with an appearance on May 30 at the O2 Arena . It 's been an interesting few months for Frankie . In November he won the British and Commonwealth titles against Bradley Skeete and now his options look like a fight for the IBF international title against Chris van Heerden , an IBF title eliminator against Timothy Bradley , or a straight fight against the holder , who happens to be Kell . As his promoter , I ca n't see the merit in him going to America to fight Bradley if Kell is an option on May 30 . And believe me , it is an option we are looking at closely . Frankie Gavin could challenge Brook for his world title in London in an all-British showdown . The public , more than anything , like an all-British fight . And every 10 minutes since we signed Frankie he has been asking for a fight with Kell . As Kell says , it is nice to see a British fighter with the balls to fight him . Josh Warrington is in action in Leeds this weekend . The unbeaten Leeds featherweight is up against Dennis Tubieron for the vacant WBC international title and it is his first real step towards a world title . This kid is brilliant inside and out of the ring . One of the highlights of my job has been watching him and Lee Selby moving towards each other . If Selby wins the world title against Evgeny Gradovich on May 30 , as I believe he will , then the stage will be set for a huge world title fight between Selby and Warrington in 2016 . Josh Warrington bids to continue his rise when he takes on Dennis Tubieron in Leeds on Saturday . Anthony Joshua marches on . He destroyed Jason Gavern on Saturday , making it 11 fights , 11 wins and 11 knockouts . Considering he has endured a lengthy lay-off with a stress fracture in his back , I could not have been happier . People have questioned the opponent but Gavern is a guy who went four rounds with Deontay Wilder in his 32nd fight last year . That is not to make a comparison with Joshua and Wilder , but more to show that in beating Gavern in three rounds there should not be any doubts about what was a worrying injury . Anthony Joshua made it 11 stoppage wins from as many fights when he beat Jason Gavern in Newcastle . Joshua is likely to fight in Birmingham on May 9 before taking on Kevin Johnson three weeks later . We will now carry on full speed with a guy who I am convinced will soon be a world champion . I am looking to get him out again on May 9 in Birmingham and should have more information on that soon . Then he will face Kevin Johnson at the O2 Arena on May 30 and from there we are looking at the likes of Dillian Whyte , Dereck Chisora and David Price . Beyond that you have Tyson Fury and David Haye . I 'd expect those fights to be ticked off in the next 12 months . People want to see him fight the best now . But this is a process and we have a plan . The huge fights are coming up and I 'd back him to look absolutely devastating .