This is the heart-rending moment a teenage boy learnt that he could be adopted by his caseworker two years after making a desperate plea for a family . Davion Navar Henry Only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him , and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker . Scroll down for video . Emotion gets the better of him : ` Thank you all for being my family , ' Davion -LRB- above -RRB- said during the adoption proceedings . Finally found his forever home : Davion Only was formally adopted by his former caseworker Connie Going -LRB- above -RRB- on Wednesday . End of a long road ; ` I 've always loved him , the same as my other children . My commitment to him is for his whole life , ' said Going of Davion -LRB- above with Going 's daughter Carly -RRB- . Throughout Davion 's search for a family , and his years in the system , Connie Bell Going , had been by his side - and on Wednesday she officially became his mother . ` This is a special day for a lot of people . This room is a testament to all the lives you have touched , ' Judge Raymond Gross told Davion in a Clearwater courtroom Wednesday according to the Tampa Bay Times . ` Not just your new mom and siblings , but so many , many people . When you were given a bad hand , you did n't accept it . You stood up and said , `` I 'm worthy . I want you to hear me . '' You 've waited a long time for this day . ' When asked why she wanted to adopt the teenager , Connie put her hand on Davion 's shoulder and said : ` I 've always loved him , the same as my other children . My commitment to him is for his whole life . ' A number of people were said to be in tears in the courtroom . Before coming to his decision the judge had asked Connie 's daughters if they agreed to the adoption , to which her eldest , 17-year-old Carly , replied ` it feels right ' . Going said of Davion ; ` When it was Davion 's turn to speak he remained silent , but did say at the end of the process ; ` Thank you all for being my family . ' Firm family bond : Davion , 16 , who captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to ` love him forever ' Davion plays on the Xbox in his bedroom with his mom Connie sitting behind him together with her daughter Carly , 17 , and her adopted son , Taylor , 14 . Going has admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family , but she said it was worth it . Since August , Davion has been spending weekends with Connie and her daughters , Sydney , 21 , Carley , 17 , and with her adopted son Taylor , who is now 14 . Then in December , Going took the steps to begin the adoption process and Davion moved with the rest of the family into a larger home . Since then there have fights and tables have been flipped , but in the end everyone loves one another , and she is prepared for the challenges . ` I 'm okay with messy and difficult , ' she told the Tampa Bay Times . ` You just have to have your armor on all the time , but it 's more than worth it . And every day things get a little bit better . ' Davion became an example of the struggle faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up and told worshipers at his church : ` My name is Davion and I 've been in foster care since I was born . I know God has n't given up on me , so I 'm not giving up either . ' He then said : ` I 'll take anyone . Old or young , dad or mom , black , white , purple . I do n't care . And I would be really appreciative . The best I could be . ' Davion Only , 16 , has been adopted by his old case worker , Connie Bell Going in Florida -LRB- above -RRB- . She has known the teen since he was seven years old . Davion had been in the foster care system his entire life . Davion -LRB- above -RRB- captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea in front of a St Petersburg church congregation for a family to ` love him forever ' Most of all , Davion said he just wanted a family that would ` love him forever ' . Millions of people around the country soon heard about Davion 's story , and the young boy was even interviewed by Barbara Walters on The View , which all eventually led to him being adopted by a minister in Ohio and his family . That is until Davion got into a fight with one of the other children , and the minister sent him back to Florida , and back to live in the foster care system . After Davion returned , people kept asking Going what it was that went wrong and caused him to be sent back after just three months . ` That boy spent his whole life in the system , that 's what went wrong , ' she said . Making matters worse , Davion and Miss Connie , as he calls her , did not speak when he came back to Florida . Davion had cut himself off from other people , playing video games as he quickly went through four different homes and four schools in less than year . Davion Only -LRB- pictured above with Connie Going at the church where he made his speech in 2013 -RRB- was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children . Going says she had begun to call him numerous times , but he always hung up the phone . Then , one night last July , Davion called up Miss Connie and asked her the question he had been asking since they first met when he was only a little boy . ` Do you remember what I asked you before ? ' he said . ` Well , how do you feel about adopting me now ? ' For the first time since he had asked , Going was finally able to give him the answer he wanted to hear . The 52-year-old case worker has three children of her own , one adopted and two biological daughters , and was a single mother , but she was no longer Davion 's case worker , which made the process easier . From August through December he started spending more and more time with the family , a perfect fit as he was already close to Going 's adopted son Taylor . Then , in December , Going got a lawyer and began the process of adopting Davion . Davion Only -LRB- pictured above in church three years ago -RRB- called and asked Miss Connie if she would adopt him last July . Davion got his first bedroom , his first set of siblings , and , most importantly , the one thing he had been hoping for all along . ` I guess I always thought of you as my mom , ' Davion said to Going last December . ` Only now I get to call you that for real , right ? ' Davion officially became part of the family in February however , when after he and Going celebrated their birthdays , which fall on the same date , they went home and sat around the table for cake with his three siblings and signed the court papers . After 16 years Davion was finally home . What 's more , because of that day in September 2013 when Davion stepped up on the pulpit , hundreds of others have been adopted as well . ` I guess I always thought of you as my mom , ' Davion -LRB- above in 2013 -RRB- said to Going last December .