An Army officer and his wife have admitted racially abusing hotel guests and workers after getting drunk at their own wedding reception . Jade and Aaron Badland asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted a Brazilian hotel employee , calling her a ` bloody foreigner ' . The pair have been spared jail after a court heard that they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the Premier Inn at Stansted Airport . Assault : Aaron and Jade Badland have admitted assaulting a hotel worker after their wedding reception . Mr Badland , 24 , a bomb disposal officer in the Engineering Regiment , was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack alongside his 29-year-old bride . Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work , while Mrs Badland was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment . Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court heard that the couple got married in Malta last August , but held their wedding reception at Audley End , Essex in November . Afterwards they were staying at the Stansted branch of Premier Inn , where American guest David La Plante saw them abusing an Asian family . He told the court : ` Around the corner by some lifts we heard talk and the wife was making derogatory remarks to the family , calling them foreigners and asking if they had the Ebola virus . ` I positioned myself between her and the family and gave her a look saying `` enough is enough '' . She asked me if I had the Ebola virus and my response was , `` Do you ? '' ` Her husband came around , wrapped her up and told her we were Americans and not to talk to us . ' Venue : The assault took place at a branch of Premier Inn in Stansted Airport , pictured . Harry Coleman , prosecuting , told the court that the Badlands staggered to their hotel room but could not work out how to use the electronic key . They then confronted Brazilian worker Christina Periera , but Mr Badland became angry when she told them she would have to reprogramme the key in order to open their door . Mr Badland then told Mrs Pereira : ` It 's my room , open the f *** ing door - bloody foreigners coming to our country . ' Mr Coleman said : ` Ms Periera was upset and said she was going down to call the police , and he hit her on the nose with his open palm and again twice more . ' Mrs Badland ` prodded ' the worker with two bottles of alcohol as her husband continued to shout , the court heard . She told magistrates : ` I had a lot of drink . I had a good few pints and some shots and do n't remember anything about the incident because of the level of intoxication . I was very drunk . ' Gareth Hunter , mitigating , said the couple were ` ashamed ' and Mr Badland would be disciplined by the Army . Mrs Badland was ordered to attend a 10-day education , training and employment programme and pay £ 625 costs and £ 60 victim surcharge , while her husband was told to pay £ 100 compensation and a £ 60 victim surcharge .