Lindsey Vonn has lifted the lid on her relationship with golf superstar Tiger Woods during a US chat show interview on the Late Night With Seth Meyers . The most successful US Alpine skier in history , who has an Olympic gold medal and several world championship titles to her name , arrived at the chat show looking stunning in a white dress that showed off her athletic legs . The 30-year-old has been dating Woods since 2013 and the pair 's relationship has obviously grown stronger since Vonn was pictured accompanying the former No 1 golfer 's children around the Masters at Augusta . Scroll down for video . Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers . The 30-year-old has been dating golf 's former No 1 since 2013 and has become close with his children . Seth Meyers listens intently as the US skier speaks about Woods and his family . Vonn poses near Times Square on a visit to ` Extra ' at their New York offices . Vonn dropped a few details about life with her boyfriend , crediting him with hitting the gym with her and helping her to overcome a knee injury that ruled her out of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics in Russia . She spoke of her relationship with Woods ' daughter Sam , seven , and son Charlie , six , from his previous marriage to Elin Nordegren , . ` They 're great . They 're amazing kids , and he 's an amazing father , ' Lindsey said . ` You know , I feel privileged to be along for the ride , and I help as much as I can . They 're great kids -- I love 'em . ' Vonn accompanied Woods ' two children during the Par 3 contest ahead of the Masters . Vonn says daughter Sam and son Charlie are ` great kids ' and that Woods is a ` great father ' Vonn has credited Tiger with helping her recovery from injury that kept her out of 2014 World Championships . The 30-year-old celebrates winning bronze at the Alpine Ski World Cup Finals in March . Meanwhile , the Minnesota native aims to return to compete at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeong Chang , South Korea . ` It 's been a long road , but I 'm really proud of where I 've come and how far I 've gotten . My knee 's really good ; I 'm finally healthy , ' she explained . ` I 'm just trying to ski , and we 've got three more years until the next Olympics , so I 'm getting ready for those . ' Vonn was on the show to talk about her Lindsey Vonn Foundation , which she launched in February to empower girls to grow and learn in all walks of life .