A British solicitor and former Mayor of Glastonbury has been revealed as a key prosecutor of the evil camp guards of Bergen-Belsen after its liberation in 1945 . Cecil Hamilton-Miller , from Kensington , London , was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 , including several key Belsen figures , such as camp commander Josef Kramer and Dr Fritz Klein . Mr Hamilton-Miller , who died in 2001 , aged 91 , struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen , his family has said today . Hero : Cecil Hamilton-Miller , pictured as Mayor of Glastonbury , was part of the team that prosecuted dozens of the men and women responsible for running the notorious Bergen-Belsen Concentration Camp . Cecil Hamilton-Miller can be seen on the right , watching on as Bergen-Belsen camp commander Josef Kramer , known as The Beast of Belsen , is marched to his death at gunpoint following his trial in 1945 . Despite his honourable actions in the wake of the liberation of Bergen-Belsen Concentration Camp , which took place 70 years ago this month , many family and friends had no idea of his involvement . A historic photograph found by Mr Hamilton-Miller 's family shows him watching on as camp commander Josef Kramer , known as The Beast of Belsen , is marched to his death at gunpoint following his trial . His cousin William Miller , 63 , who has written a biography about the late solicitor , said : ` Cecil could n't talk about his Belsen experience in later life without tears streaming down his face because of the traumatic memories . ` He never publicised his extraordinary war record but I am very proud of it - it must rate as the most important legal work of his career . ' Prosecutor : Mr Hamilton-Miller served in India for much of World War II and arrived in Bergen-Belsen shortly after its liberation in May 1945 . Bergen-Belsen was a Nazi concentration camp in Lower Saxony , Germany . It was initially intended to hold prisoners of war , but in 1943 , parts of the camp became a ` transit camp ' for , mainly Jewish , civilian prisoners , . The camp became the final resting place of some 20,000 prisoners of war and 50,000 Jews , Gypsies , homosexuals , Nazi opponents and disabled , and was is burned to the ground after its liberation by British and Canadian troops in April 1945 . After qualifying as a solicitor in 1935 , Cambridge educated Mr Hamilton-Miller was enlisted into the Territorial Army in 1936 and then , in 1939 , was granted an emergency commission as 2nd Lieutenant in the Border Regiment . For much of the war he served in India , until in 1944 he returned to Britain on leave and was posted to Carlisle . This ended abruptly on April 15 , 1945 when the 11th Armoured Division of the British Army liberated Bergen-Belsen . Recognising that the liberated camps on the continent would require military lawyers , Mr Hamilton-Miller was among those immediately posted immediately to the British Liberation Army , 49 Reinforcement Holding Unit , where he was appointed Staff Captain to 21 Army Group HQ , War Crimes Investigation Team , arriving at Belsen sometime after May 5 to a horrific , challenging and distressing scene . Mr Hamilton-Miller 's role appears to have been to assist Major Savile Geoffrey Champion , head of No. 1 War Crimes Investigation Unit , Belsen , to prepare the legal cases against the SS camp personnel . Mr Miller added : ` Cecil 's team opened a war crimes investigation office inside the camp and files were opened on each guard . ` Gradually written witness statements and other evidence built up in each file enabling decisions to be made as to whether and when the case against each guard was sufficiently clear and strong to progress to trial . ' The first Belsen trial began on September 17 , 1945 , at Luneburg Town Hall and took the form of a Military Tribunal . Up in smoke : Bergen-Belsen , which became the final resting place of 20,000 POWs and 50,000 Jews , Gypsies , homosexuals , Nazi opponents and people with disabilities is burned to the ground after liberation in 1945 . The trial of the prison guard , called Rothe , who killed a young girl by beating her was sentenced to ten years in prison . Mr Hamilton-Miller was also responsible for the camp commandant Kramer , the doctor , Dr Klein , and nine guards , being sentenced to death by hanging . Nineteen guards were sentenced to prison terms of between life and one year , with most of them having to serve between ten and 15 years . Mr Miller added : ` Many inmates at Belsen had been moved hurriedly from Auschwitz , and Cecil 's unit took evidence from witnesses against Nazi criminals such as Dr Mengele , guards responsible for selecting people to go to the gas chambers , as well as conducting horrific medical experiments on them . ` Cecil appears to have remained in the Belsen posting until December 1945 after which he was sent home and demobbed . ' Upon his return to the UK , Mr Hamilton-Miller re-qualified as a solicitor and married Sylvia Hurle . The pair lived in Glastonbury , Somerset , where Cecil lived for the majority of his life , becoming Mayor of the city in 1969 . After his wife 's death Cecil moved to family in Norwich before his death in 2001 aged 91 .