Angelina Jolie may have made the character world famous , but Australia has its very own Lara Croft in the flesh , and her skill at playing Call Of Duty has gained her thousands of devotees and a new job career . Instead of going to work in an office , the Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll starts up her Xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream . Originally from Sweden , Bonnie has been living in Australia since 2007 . Playing Call Of Duty with others has become such a financial success that she has been able to give up her job working in hospitality . Scroll down for video . Tome Raider : Bonnie Doll is Australia 's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world . Followers of her live stream pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations . Bonnie used to work in hospitality , but once she started live streaming Call Of Duty there was no looking back . ` I got partnered with twitch.tv a few months after I started streaming . I think I realised when I got enough funds from streaming I could pay the bills and have sufficient income to live comfortably , ' Bonnie told Daily Mail Australia . ` I still sometimes have to pinch myself when I think that I can work from home playing video games and just interact with people . ' Although the 28-year-old would not say exactly how much she now earned it was a good deal more than she got working in her previous job in the hospitality industry . ` Being partnered with twitch.tv means you get a percentage from your monthly subscribers and also ad revenue . Another big part is from donators -LRB- direct supporters of the stream -RRB- , ' she said . She now has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch . Bonnie 's Twitch channel has had almost one million views so far . Impressive numbers : Boonie has more than 8,000 followers on Instagram too . Subscribers can also talk to Bonnie through team speak or snap chat while they play . Being an attractive young woman does no harm either in this kind of business and Bonnie has no problem putting on the style if she feels like it . ` Of course I like dressing up ! Especially dresses , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` I might not be going out to an actual work place and interact with people that way but being on a camera - where some days my channel might have over 10,000 channel clicks - I like to look and feel nice . ` But some mornings I might just jump on with a cup of hot tea and a unicorn onesie . ' Her love of the video game Call Of Duty has provided her with a new business opportunity . However , not even this can save her from online trolls and fanatical fans . Bonnie admitted that this was the worst part of the job and has had her computer address and phone number leaked to others . ` It can make me uncomfortable and sometimes scared . Gender attacks were hard at first , ' she says . ` I 've gotten used to it by now and just shake it off and do n't take it personally . Unfortunately its everywhere online these days and you ca n't bring yourself down by listening to haters . ` I try to focus on the good audience in my streams , they are the ones that make me want to get up in the morning and do what I do . ' Bonnie can play the game in the privacy of her own home and still earn some cash . The attractive Bonnie is constantly fending off the attentions of fanatical fans who ask her out on dates . Bonnie used to share a house with a friend who owned an Xbox and MW2 back in 2009 and started playing then . Since that day she has n't looked back . ` When you first start playing and you start stacking up the score streaks and kills and feel better and better at the game - it 's hard to stop . You start making friends , getting involved with the community and it just became a big part of my life , ' she said . Currently she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch and her channel has had almost one million views , with more than 8,000 followers on Instagram too . ` We 've a great community growing together and I would love for you to come join us , take your shoes off and make yourself comfortable , ' is Bonnie 's invitation on Twitch . Chilling at home while earning some money has turned out to be the ideal job for Bonnie . Working from home : Her normal work hours are from 8 am to 2 pm , Monday to Friday . Her normal work day starts at generally at 8 am to 2 pm -LRB- Brisbane time -RRB- , Monday to Friday . As for consoles , Bonnie mostly uses Xbox 1 and Xbox 360 . She did not say if she had a man in her life but she 's not lonely . ` I 've got two adorable staffys -LRB- Staffordshire Bull Terriers -RRB- called Mr Leeroy Jenkins and Sammi Psycho ; and three cats Boston , Jackson and Georgia , ' she says on Twitch .