Gone are the days when Eileen Dover was considered an unfortunate name , with celebrity culture booming like never before , sharing a name with a star can be pretty unlucky , too . Something that New York resident Beyoncé knows about all too well . No , not the legendary singer but another woman who says having the same name as the wife of Jay-Z has caused her grief her entire life . Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé . The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . In a post that has now gone viral on Facebook , Beyonce says : ` Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me , and I 'm not a very social person . ` My family moved this year from Pennsylvania . I was so scared the first day of school that someone would notice me . I would n't even adjust my seat because I thought it would make a noise . One time I really had to cough , but I held it in . This was followed with thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem . All expressed their shared pain with Beyoncé after living with unfortunate name clashes . Although this Kaity Perry has inherited an extra ` i ' it has n't prevented her from being the butt of the jokes . ` When the teacher started calling attendance , I got really nervous , because every time people learn my name is Beyoncé , somebody starts singing Single Ladies . And some did , of course . But the second day of school was n't too bad . Because everyone knew my name . ' Her photo was posted on Facebook accompanied with this statement as part of the Humans of New York project . The photo series was created by photographer Brandon Stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories . As well as joint celebrity names users expressed their annoyance at sharing names with famous songs . And then there was gaining an embarrassing name through marriage . Tanya 's name became slightly more awkward after her career saw her gain a new title . His photos are picking up a lot of interest with his Facebook page already receiving more than 12 million likes , however his photo of Beyoncé has encouraged the biggest reaction . Following its upload the photo has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally if not more unfortunate names showing their support for Beyoncé . Bridgett Jones wrote : ` If I had a dollar for every time someone asked me about my diary ... ' referring to the famous chick flick character . People ca n't resist but turn Abeer 's name into an inanimate object . The parents of Merry have no excuse as Christmas was definitely around when she was born . For Jane she received twice as many jibes as bad names run in the family . MaryKate Olsen added : ` Believe me I understand , my name really is Mary Kate Olsen . I get all the Olsen twin jokes you can imagine . ' While Kaity Perry says that having an extra ` i ' makes no difference : ` I totally understand that since my name is Kaity Perry . If I had a dime for every time someone made a Katy Perry joke I 'd be rich ! ' Macarena Diab chimed in : ` You 're not alone ! I know the feeling ! Ca n't introduce myself that 2 minutes after people are singing and dancing ! And they think they 're the first ones to make the connection :P I just try to laugh about it , if it helps : -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- sic -RRB- . Carolina Ahs gained her bad name once married : ` I was once married ; My last name is Ahs , his Hull . We were the Ahs-Hulls ... ' Tanya Boob Kluck said : ` Beyoncé is n't bad ! Try having the last name Boob , and then join the Army as a Private . Yes , Private Boob ! ' Sharing a name with one of the most-wanted ca n't be easy . And then there are names that do n't exactly trip off the tongue . Many of the users were able to see the funny side of their names . Abeer Khan joined in : ` My name is Abeer Khan . And people wo n't stop calling me A Beer Can . ' Julius Christmas has sympathy for his sibling : ` My sister 's name is Merry ... We share last names . ' Jane Bond 's bad name runs in the family : ` Checking in . I have to use my boyfriend 's name when making a lot of reservations because people think I 'm lying . Then they ask me if my dad 's name is James . And it is : -lrb- ' Osama Siddiqui argued that his name was worse : ` Better than a terrorist . ' North11 has opted for an alternative on screen name : ` My full name is Zephaniah Gustavus Park . Do n't worry , I was homeschooled . ' Those who commented seemed happy to find someone to relate to . Katherine Holmes said : ` Katie Holmes here . Tom Cruise and little Suri are doing great . ' Rachel Green is resentful of her name pairing with a Friends character : ` Always being asked if I found my Ross yet ... ' Serena Williams added : ` Girl you do n't know how many people ask me if I play tennis !! ' Victoria Elizabeth Beckham is able to laugh at her name : ` Just posh here . ' Kelly Rowland knows the feeling all too well : ` I feel you honey !! ' Jack Haas accepts his unfortunate name : ` Hey my name pretty much sucks too ! ' Jim 's first and last name pairing must have escaped his parents . Chukwuebuka Okoli added : ` Lol , you 're worried about YOUR name ' Julia Roberts chirped up : ` I understand this completely : ' -rrb- Although , I am pretty social , I can still be kinda shy . When people learn of my name , they always begin singing `` Pretty Woman '' so I just sit and laugh . It 's funny though , because I actually want to become an actress . Be proud of your name , keep your head up ! ' Iona McLachlan makes fun of her title : ` I own a car . I own a bike . I own a house . ; -rrb- ' Kinga Burger envies Beyoncé : ` Better hearing `` Single Ladies '' than hearing about hamburgers and fries . ' Jennifer Lopez breaths a sigh of relief : ` I can relate to this : -rrb- ' The bottom commenter knows all too well the toils of being names Isis . Will Smith adds : ` Try being called Will Smith . ' But Jim Socks thinks he has it worse : ` Try being called Gym Socks : -lrb- ' Shakira Lamb is sick of being quizzed about her hips : ` I feel your pain ! Every time someone hears my name is Shakeira , I get asked if my hips do n't lie ' Tina Turner shares the embarrassment : ` I know the feeling ; -rrb- ' Sammy Smith is feeling a sense of relief : ` Feeling better about Sam Smith right now . ' Isis d'Ascoli 's name has recently fallen out of favour : ` Try being called Isis ... ' Meghan Griffin shares her name with the Family Guy star : ` The Meg Griffin jokes are endless . ' Chris Brown finally pipes up : ` I feel you . ' Meghan shares her name with the cartoon character from family guy . Chris Brown knows exactly how Beyoncé feels .