Sheffield Wednesday claimed all three points against Championship play-off hopefuls Brentford with a 1-0 win thanks to Kieran Lee 's second-half goal . With both teams playing with high defensive lines at Hillsborough there were a high number of long balls attempted by each side but , with few finding their mark , the game produced nothing of note for the vast majority of the first half . It took until the 35th minute for a decent chance to present itself when a whipped cross found Caolan Lavery in the box but the Owls striker could not wrap his foot around it and the ball sailed wide of the post . Kieran Lee -LRB- second left -RRB- opens the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday with the only goal for the game . Lee -LRB- right -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after he scores the first goal for the home side . The second half started in a livelier fashion to the first and that was evident after 49 minutes when some clever play from Brentford around the box presented Andre Gray with an opportunity to get a shot on goal but his effort skimmed agonisingly past the post . However , the promise of exciting football and the chance of goals petered out as the half wore on . Both sides managed to work themselves into good areas but could not produce the final pass to create clear-cut scoring opportunities . A mistake from Harlee Dean looked as though it had gifted Wednesday with a sure-fire goal . Sergiu Bus collected the ball and made a run towards goal with Chris Maguire at his side but the pair could not make the two-on-one situation count as Bus ' lay-off to Maguire was hit straight into the midriff of James Tarkowski . Alan Judge -LRB- right -RRB- is dejected after missing a chance as Wednesday keeper Kieran Westwood looks relieved . Mark Warburton watches on as his Brentford side lose and suffer a blow to their promotion hopes . The breakthrough finally came in the 75th minute when Lee ghosted into space in the box and was unmarked as a parried ball from David Button fell at his feet . He made sure his shot found the back of the net as he rifled home from six yards out . Brentford had a chance to strike back five minutes later but , having found himself one-one-one with the goalkeeper and with two of his team-mates to the left of him , Alan Judge blasted the ball over the keeper and over the goal . Another mistake from Dean almost gifted the Owls a second goal but instead of running into the space he had available , Bus decided to shoot from outside the box and could not keep his effort on target .