Dion Dublin made his presenting debut on Monday morning as the former footballer co-hosted BBC television show Homes Under The Hammer . The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford . ` Great to be here . And as you know property can be incredibly rewarding but can throw up some unexpected surprises and we 've seen many of those on Home under the Hammer , ' said Dublin following his introduction . Dion Dublin made his Home Under The Hammer debut as a co-host on Monday morning . The former footballer seemed to be in his element as he discusses property renovation . Homes Under the Hammer airs weekdays on BBC1 at 10 am . Hosts Lucy , Martin and Dion follow house buyers from the auction room , through the troublesome process of renovating the houses they have bought . The presenters meet the buyers and make suggestions on how best to improve the property . But , ultimately , let the buyers make their own decisions . Later , they return to the property to meet the buyers and find out how improvement works have progressed . Finally a selection of local estate agents visit the property , value it and the buyers discover if they have made themselves a profit . The 45-year-old certainly seemed to know his stuff as he pointed the way around the run-down property and was brimming with ideas for first-time property developers Mike and Lucia . ` The kitchen needs an overhaul . It 's all a bit 80s and needs a refurbishment . ` You could knock through the dividing wall and give yourself a kitchen diner , ' expressed the retired striker as he crouched down inside the lounge . ` You could even put this wall back in to give yourself a separate lounge and you could put a table and chairs in here . I can watch the football in here and be undisturbed . ' Mike and Lucia bought the Dartford property at auction for £ 215,000 and gave themselves a budget of just £ 10,000 with an original plan to replace the windows and doors . Dublin talks with first time property developers Mike and Lucia , who had purchased the semi-detached house . A before shot of the three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford . Mike and Lucia bought the property for £ 215,000 and hoped to sell it on for close to £ 270,000 . Unfortunately the semi-detached house needed more work than originally thought as Mike revealed the pair had to spend between £ 25,000 and £ 35,000 leaving them with a total spend of £ 245,000 . ` Oh dear , ' said Dublin , before claiming the pair had made the right decision and could be set for a profit of around £ 25,000 if the property is re-sold for it 's new estimated value of between £ 260,000 and £ 280,000 . Dublin - who has a long-held interest in the property market from his football career - received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from IBF World Super Bantamweight champion Carl Frampton . The 45-year-old was full of ideas when it came to how the property should be renovated . Dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from Carl Frampton . He tweeted : ` Hold the phone ! @DionDublinsDube is presenting Homes Under the Hammer !!! The best show on TV just got better ' . Speaking ahead of his first appearance , the four-cap England international said : ` I am thrilled to be joining Martin and Lucy on Homes Under The Hammer . ` I have a passion for property and look forward to meeting people on the show who share that passion . ' After retiring in May 2008 , Dublin has gone on to forge a career in television and radio punditry as well as launching his own percussion instrument , ` The Dube ' . Jo Street , Acting Controller of BBC Daytime , says : ` I am thrilled that Dion Dublin is joining the Homes Under The Hammer line-up . He shares Martin and Lucy 's passion for properties and people and his warm personality make him the perfect addition to the family . ' The former Aston Villa hero will appear regularly on the 19th series of the programme later this year . Dublin , who has four caps for England , said he was thrilled to be joining , having held a long interest in property .