A commuter is fighting for his life after reportedly bending down to pick up his bag and being hit on the head by a rush-hour Tube train as it pulled into a station . Other passengers watched in horror as the man , said to be in his 20s , was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell station this morning . The station , which also serves the Victoria line , was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital . Emergency services were called to Stockwell station in south London this morning after a man sustained life-threatening head injuries while bending down to pick up his bag from the platform . Graphic designer Lesia Biloshytska , who was at the station , told how passengers screamed when the young man was hit . She said : ` A girl who witnessed the whole thing said he had been picking up a bag . ` He must have not realised how close he was to the edge as he bent down and his head bowed too far forwards at just the wrong moment . ` I was standing only maybe five metres away and he was hit by the front of the train as it came into the platform . The train was slowing down but we were at the end where people get into the back carriages . ` There were a lot of people on the platform when it happened , and some were screaming . At first we did not know if he was under the train or not . ' She added : ` I could only see his legs . I did not see his injuries because staff were gathering around . It was very frightening . ` At this time of morning the platform is always very crowded . You have to let two or three trains go before you get on one and there is sometimes a little pushing with people trying to get on and off . ' Commuters told of their shock after witnessing the accident , which happened shortly before 9 am today . A man was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head by a train at Stockwell this morning . File image . Isabelle Zonderland said : ` I was on the tube when it happened . He got hit only metres from our carriage . ` When we were let off the tube I saw him lying there . Someone who I believe was on the platform was checking for a pulse . His face was covered in blood . ' Others went on Twitter to tell of what they had seen . One man posted : ` Just saw a poor guy get his head pretty much sliced off by the tube @ stockwell as he bent over to get his bag . Poor guy . Hoping he 's ok . ' Chris Duncan tweeted : ` Was on this train . Awful . Man hit in the head by oncoming Tube train in horrific accident . ' Nick Brown , London Underground 's chief operating officer , said : ` A passenger on a Northern line platform was struck by a train entering Stockwell station . ` Our emergency response team and the London Ambulance Service attended the scene . We are investigating the incident to understand exactly what happened but we have already established that while the station was busy , the platform was not overcrowded . ' The accident was witnesses by scores of commuters , who told of their horror on Twitter . The London Ambulance Service spokesman said : ` We were called at 8.53 am to Stockwell Tube station to reports of an incident . ` We sent an ambulance crew , a paramedic on a motorcycle , duty station officer and London 's Air ambulance to the scene . ` We treated a man reported to be in his 20s for head injuries and he was taken as a priority to Kings College hospital . ' The accident comes after last month 's tragic incident in which Londoner Nick Mann , 35 , died of severe head injuries when he attempted to save his 32-year-old brother Robert from being struck by a train at Old Street Tube station . Robert Mann remains in hospital . Earlier in the month , on March 12 , a rush-hour passenger was dragged along at Clapham South Tube station - three stops from Stockwell - after getting her coat caught in a train door . The woman ended up falling into the gap between two carriages of the Northern line train and was taken to hospital with serious arm and head injuries .