These days art appears to be everywhere we look , which means that it 's not always easy to be original in our creative endeavours . However one artistic soul proved there are still simple ways to make the mundane interesting when he used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create something truly unique . Filming a demonstration of his creation , the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another . The video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles . Drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts . Rotating the outer cup , the man brings the numerous haircuts , which include a Mohawk , short hair with a beard , a quiff and brushed hair with a moustache , into alignment with the head . Settling on the afro , the man then stacks a third cup , which has a number of outfits drawn onto it , including a jacket , a t-shirt and a bikini . The video maker selects an afro hairstyle and then stacks a third cup , which has outfits drawn on it . The artist initially uploaded the video to Reddit and claims to be have been influenced by Japanese comics . He settles on a shirt and then adds the fourth and final cup that has a selection of accessories drawn onto it . Moving through the choices , the video maker finally decides on a pair of glasses and holds his randomised creation up to the camera . The video was initially uploaded to Reddit by the user named toper-centage . The video maker rotates the third cup and scrolls through the outfits before settling on a shirt . The filmmaker adds the final cup and after rotating through the various accessories picks a pair of glasses . Answering various questions on the site , the filmmaker stated that he based his style on Japanese comics . He wrote : ` I read a lot of Manga and did some self-learning a few years ago . ' Adding : ` I 'm a software engineer and this is a way to cope with mental blocks and frustration . ' According to another user there are a total 294 possible combinations that can be made from rotating the cups . According to one Reddit user there are a total of 294 possible combinations that can be made .