Jack Black the friendly jackdaw -LRB- pictured -RRB- has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him with over 450 members . As a popular member of the community he often pops into people 's houses , goes with them on the weekly shop and has even joined them for Christmas dinner . He 'll also accompany the local children as they walk to school -- perched on their shoulders . He is Jack Black the friendly jackdaw and he has become so well-loved in Penryn , Cornwall , that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him . The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities . Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers , before being released into the wild . He then started popping into homes and gardens but has since broadened his network to a ten-mile radius , visiting houses and flats and even college and university campuses , offices , schools and sports clubs . He has become so relaxed around humans that he regularly falls asleep in the laps and hands of residents . He taps on windows to signal he has arrived and even pops into supermarkets and perches on trolleys as residents shop . Locals , who keep bird food and treats in their homes , are able to distinguish him from other jackdaws because of a silver tag tied to his right leg . Grace Chapman-Duke , a 20-year-old student , got to know Jack well before moving house . She said : ` He used to be my personal alarm clock every day . He would tap on my window to let me know he was there . ` Once I let him in , he would sit on my shoulder as I got ready for uni and then would continue on my shoulder until I got to my lecture . Jack was hand-reared as a chick after being discovered with no feathers , before being released into the wild . ` Our friendship progressed to such a degree that he would perch on my shoulder as I showered . ' One resident wrote on Facebook : ` I used to go into the kitchen on a wet winter 's day to find he had sneaked through the window and was asleep on the back of the chair ! Joined us for Christmas dinner and all sorts . ' Bird specialist Lloyd Buck , who trains birds for film and TV productions , said : ` It sounds as though this bird has developed the bond it would normally have with birds with humans . ' He has become so relaxed around humans that he regularly falls asleep in the laps and hands of residents .