A lost photograph showing a woman killed by the tornado that leveled an Illinois village last week was found 35 miles away after being carried there by the storm . The image - showing Geraldine Schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in Fairdale , Illinois , to the town of Harvard , 35 miles away . It showed her alongside her husband Clem Schultz , 84 , and was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory . Lost and found : A 1980 photograph , left , showing Geraldine Schultz with her husband Clem , was returned to the family after being found 35 miles away . Mrs Schultz , pictured right more recently , died aged 67 when a tornado struck her home in Fairdale , Illinois , last week . Storm : A tornado obliterated the Schultz family home , and caused a collapse which killed Geraldine Schultz and also injured her husband , Clem . Going the distance : . Harvard resident Alyssa Murray found the photograph in the wake of the powerful storm , which also killed another Fairdale woman in her 60s . Using a Facebook group set up to reunite owners and their property , Murray posted a picture of the photograph , which eventually led to it being claimed . The photograph provided some comfort to the family , who were left with the arduous task of clearing up the wreckage of their home , one of around 20 wiped out by the fierce winds . Clem Schultz was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck - but survived because he had gone upstairs to fetch a lantern . Destruction : This aerial photograph shows the trail of chaos left by the tornado , which cut a path straight through the small down of Fairdale . Reunion : Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy after she was spotted wandering . Speaking to the Chicago Tribune , he said the couple thought the tornado would not hit Fairdale , so was most concerned with getting a source of light in case the electricity cut out . When the winds struck he felt the house collapse underneath him - and by the time he made it out , his wife had been killed . He said : ` I felt the house shudder and move and I got buried in rubble . When it was all over , I dug myself out and saw people walking in the streets and I heard propane hissing from the tanks . ' Schultz said he checked his wife 's pulse after finding her body , but knew she was dead . He also lost his dog , Missy , in the tornado . But she was spotted by an electrical worker driving through the countryside and was returned to the family . Debris : This restaurant sign was found near Harvard , Illinois - some 50 miles from its home in Rochelle . Wrecked : Pictured above are the remains of the Grubsteaker 's restaurant in Rochelle , where the sign originated . Other items posted online have made it even farther afield . A family photograph traveled 70 miles - and over the state line - to wind up in Racine , Wisconsin . A Fairdale town sign made it 28 miles to land between the towns of Belvidere and Harvard , while a sign from the Grubsteakers family restaurant in Rochelle was carried around 50 miles to a field near Harvard . The restaurant was badly hit in the storm , and customers sheltering in its basement were trapped for almost an hour when debris collapsed on top of the basement entrance .