An online campaign by Woolworths has backfired spectacularly and led to accusations that the supermarket is trying to cash in on Anzac Day . Woolworths launched ` Fresh in our Memories ' last week , inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country , which it then branded with its logo and a ` fresh in our memories ' slogan . The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at Woolworth 's attempt to embrace Anzac Day . An online campaign for Woolworths has caused outrage on social media . ` Fresh in our Memories ' was launched just last week in the lead up to the Anzac centenary . The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page , in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country . Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign . One appalled consumer threatened to boycott the store , writing on the Woolworths Facebook page : ` Hey Woolworths , my family did not fight and die in the wars for you to hijack the ANZAC tradition with that tasteless promo . Take it down now please or my money 's going elsewhere . ' The campaign was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' Supermarket customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger . The supermarket has been inundated with comments like this one . Another wrote : ` Your latest ANZAC campaign is absolutely disgusting . Trying to use the memory of our diggers for advertising is reprehensible ! Pull the campaign and apologise ! ' The campaign unleashed a barrage of memes with social media , with many using leading political figures such as Prime Minister Tony Abbott , Kevin Rudd , John Howard and Jacqui Lambie to mock the supermarket . A spokeswoman for Woolworths told Daily Mail Australia on Tuesday night that ` Fresh in our Memories ' is not a marketing strategy . ` It is a website designed in consultation with the RSL for people to share their photos , stories and memories , ' she said . ` As one of Australia 's largest employers , Woolworths has spent months collecting stories from our staff for the site . All profits from the sale of merchandise on the site goes to the RSL . ` We are proud to support the RSL and our diggers . Like all Australians , we pay our respects to service people past and present . ` Our small logo on the site is in line with other corporately sponsored Centenary of ANZAC activity . ' Twitter was flooded with memes of the Woolworths campaign . Pictured is Prime Minister Tony Abbott . This meme shows former Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd . Other memes were of Bill Cosby -LRB- top right -RRB- , Adolf Hitler -LRB- top left -RRB- and other well-known figures . The spokeswoman later confirmed the website had been taken down . ` The site was developed to give our staff and customers a place to put their stories to mark the Centenary of ANZAC , ' she said . ` We regret that our branding on the picture generator has caused offense , this was clearly never our intention . Like many heritage Australian companies , we were marking our respect for ANZAC and our veterans . ` We continue to be proud supporters of the RSL and Camp Gallipoli in this important year and look forward to working with them into the future . '