Retired news legend Barbara Walters still has some clout - and a strong opinion about how ABC can turn things around at the ratings-challenged show she created , The View . Barbara 's magic bullet : Monica Lewinsky . Walters says that the former White House intern would be a ` run away success ' on The View , a network source tells Daily Mail Online . She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again . Scroll down for video . Ever since their infamous interview in 1999 following the Bill Clinton scandal Barbara Walters has always believed Monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion and has tirelessly defended her on the show over the years . Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines . During the speech , the 41-year-old former White House intern talked about ` The Price of Fame ' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying . ` Barbara believes that Monica , 41 , could make The View competitive and compelling and while a lot of Washington 's elite may scratch the show off its must-visit press list , the younger demographic of online users would tune in daily to see what she had to say , ' added the source . Last year when discussing Lewinsky with David Letterman , he asked her about Monica joining The View . It looked as though the late night host was reading her mind and she stuttered , ` I think it would be great if she were on The View . I would n't expect it tomorrow . ' ` Tomorrow is now , ' says the insider . The multi-host show was created by Walters in 1997 with an original panel of women including Meredith Vieira , Star Jones , Joy Behar and Debbie Matenopoulos . It defied the odds previous shows faced in the 11 am time slot . Exit Rosie : She had enough of The View and vice versa . Despite numerous cast changes -- Lisa Ling , Elisabeth Hasselbeck , Rosie O'Donnell , Sherri Shepherd , and Jenny McCarthy have had stints as co-hosts on the show -- The View became a force to be reckoned with in daytime TV . But after the exit of Behar and Hasselbeck and the addition of McCarthy , The View took a ratings dive . ABC decided to overhaul the show following the end of that season , and replaced Shepherd and McCarthy with Republican analyst Nicolle Wallace and actress Rosie Perez . The network also brought back O'Donnell to join the show 's long-running moderator , Whoopi Goldberg . In-fighting between Goldberg and O'Donnell and endless backstage turmoil caused ABC to move the show from its Entertainment division to its News division . Despite numerous set changes and multiple updates to the show opening , the new ensemble never seemed to attract viewers and ratings continued to fall . ABC then had a failed attempt at firing Perez while she was rehearing for her Broadway show Fish in the Dark in January . In February , after the return of Goldberg who had been sidelined with a back injury , ABC let O'Donnell go but allowed her to use her recent divorce as her excuse for departing the show for a second time . -LRB- She had a failed one-year stint as moderator in 2007 that abruptly ended after she walked off set following an on-air blow-up with co-host Hasselbeck . -RRB- . Down to three co-hosts and two chairs vacant , ABC has been closely looking at Destiny 's Child member Michelle Williams , fashion host Stacy London , former child star Raven Symone and comedienne Michelle Collins as potential replacements . President Bill Clinton appeared on The View in 2011 talking about his book Back to Work and the current economic troubles occurring in America . It is doubtful he would be a guest if Monica was co-host . The View celebratesd 4000 shows with guest co-hosts Barbara Walters and Joy Behar . The network is also seriously considering convincing former co-host Behar to return as a full-time panelist . She has made a half-dozen co-host appearances since January and was on-hand for the show 's 4,000-episode celebration show . Walters , who sold all rights to The View back to ABC a year before her retirement in May 2014 , has been contacting James Goldston , President of ABC News , and Ben Sherwood , President , Disney-ABC Television Group , trying to convince them to hire Lewinsky , insiders tell Daily Mail Online . Walters believes that Lewinsky could reignite interest in the show and after a decade-long silence ; she has a lot to say . ` Barbara has been like a godmother to Monica ever since their infamous interview in 1999 following the Bill Clinton scandal . She 's always believed Monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion and has tirelessly defended her on the show over the years , ' a source close to the show says . Barbara told Letterman , ` I like Monica . She never had a chance to move on , ' the way Bill and Hillary did . ` She 's an intelligent , nice woman . ' Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines . During the speech , the 41-year-old former White House intern spoke about ` The Price of Fame ' and redefined her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying . Barbara Walters , arrives for the Oscar De La Renta fashion show last February . She remains spry and opinionated too . She 's convinced Monica would help save the show . Not only that , but since re-emerging out of the shadows to address her affair with Clinton in a compelling Vanity Fair essay last May , she has taken on an extremely attractive new look to match her new persona . According to a representative of the show , Lewinsky has been asked to come on the show as a guest to discuss her anti-bullying campaign but is not on the list of potential co-hosts at this time . While current co-host Wallace would love to have Lewinsky as a regular on the show , staunch Democratic supporters and Clinton friends Goldberg and Perez are n't feeling the idea at all , the source revealed . A few weeks ago The Talk managed to edge out The View in the Nielsen ratings , but The View has come back to beat out the relative newcomer ever since . ` Whatever ABC News plans to do to salvage the show , they better do it fast , ' the source concluded !