Lionel Messi is not the best player in the world , neither is Cristiano Ronaldo - that title belongs to Paris Saint-Germain forward Javier Pastore , according to Eric Cantona . Making a rare foray into discussing football matters , Manchester United legend Cantona delivered his surprising verdict that the Argentine was the ` most creative ' player in the world . ` The best player in the world , the most exciting player in the world , is -LSB- Javier -RSB- Pastore from Paris Saint-Germain , ' said Cantona , ` Why ? Because I watched two games just to see Pastore playing , giving passes . He has got something special . Because football is interactive , it 's why football is so popular , I think . ' Javier Pastore -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates after winning the French League Cup with PSG last Saturday . The Argentina international is the best player in the world , according to former striker Eric Cantona . The former Manchester United forward was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai . Pastore , who cost the French league leaders £ 29million , has three goals and five assists this season compared with Messi 's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo 's 51 for Spanish rivals Real Madrid . But statistics did not colour Cantona 's assessment . ` Pastore can do things that the other ones do n't know , he does things that surprise you every time . Not only in scoring goals , spectacular goals - everything . Just passing . He 's a very creative player . He 's the most creative player , I think , in the world today . It 's why I think he 's the best player in the world , because I love this kind of player . ' Cantona was third in the Ballon d'Or in 1993 behind Roberto Baggio and Dennis Bergkamp . He won the Premier League four times with United before retiring from playing aged 30 . No stranger to prompting debate , Cantona invited more controversy by suggesting Spain had only won the World Cup because of the influence of Barcelona on the national team . Cristiano Ronaldo was crowned the best player in the world for 2014 at the award ceremony in January . The Real Madrid forward has scored 51 goals in all competitions this season . Barcelona forward Lionel Messi has also been overlooked by Cantona despite netting 45 times this season . ` Catalonia won the World Cup , ' said Cantona , speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai . ` Spain won it with 10 Barcelona players in the team . Spain did not win the World Cup , Catalonia did . Barcelona won it . ` My grandparents are from Catalunya , from Barcelona . They arrived in France in ' 39 . There was a civil war . So , I am very proud of Barcelona and all that they have done . ` I 'm sure that as soon as the youth set-up from Barcelona and other Spanish teams draw new , good players , Spain will emerge again . '