Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to what he described as a ` non-existent penalty ' in their Champions League quarter-final first leg at Juventus on Tuesday . The controversial decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened , even after several repeats of the incident in slow motion . The spot kick was awarded after Juve 's Alvaro Morata got clear of Monaco 's Portuguese defender Ricardo Carvalho as the striker chased a long ball forward from Andrea Pirlo . Ricardo 's Carvalho 's initial contact on Alvaro Morata appeared to come from outside the area . The Juventus striker went down under Carvalho 's challenge and the referee pointed to the penalty spot . Monaco defender Carvalho and Spanish forward Morata crash to the ground in the penalty area . Replays showed that Carvalho nudged Morata just outside the area but the Spaniard 's fall took him inside the box and it was not clear whether there was further contact . Czech referee Pavel Kralovec hesitated slightly , possibly consulting his goal line assistant , before pointing to the spot , while Carvalho was booked . ` It 's a huge injustice , there was no penalty , ' Jardim told reporters . ` We put Juventus in difficulties , but the result was based on a non-existent situation in an evenly-balanced match . ` The result was created by an incorrect decision by the team -LRB- of officials -RRB- that referees , ' he added . ` This result is not a fair reflection of what happened on the field . ' ` All teams should have the same duties and rights , ' said the Portuguese coach , who has been widely praised for taking an apparently limited team so far . Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim claimed the penalty decision against his side was a ` huge injustice ' Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri said Carvalho was ` the last man ' , but otherwise preferred not to get involved . ` I did n't see it , so I could n't judge . It seems he was the last man , ' said the phlegmatic coach . ` Whether it was inside or outside , I do n't know . ' There was a further surprise when midfielder Arturo Vidal , rather than forward Carlos Tevez , stepped up to take the kick . Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal steps up to score from the spot against Monaco during Tuesday 's clash . Vidal celebrates what turned out to be the winning strike after scoring for Juventus against Monaco in Turin . Vidal has already missed two penalties this season , one in the 3-2 group stage win over Olympiakos Piraeus , and another in the 2-2 draw at Cesena in Serie A , when he could have scored a late winner . Tevez and Vidal had wasted good first-half chances in Tuesday 's game but the Chilean said he was still confident . ` We do n't have a first-choice penalty-taker , it 's a case of whoever has more faith at that moment , ' said Vidal . ` I felt I should take it and Carlitos agreed . '