Gigi Hadid , and seven other up-and-coming models , have channeled their inner ` beauty queens ' to pose up in some of the spring season 's hottest runway looks for a fashion and beauty spread , which appears in all 32 national and international editions of Harper 's Bazaar . The magazine 's global fashion director , Carine Roitfeld , personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen , Laura James , Anna Cleveland , Ondria Hardin , Antonia Wilson , Kitty Hayes , and Paige Reifler for the spread , which is aptly titled Beauty Queens : Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season . The images , which feature in the May editions of the international magazine , debuted yesterday online showcasing the unique styling skills of Carine , who has a history of cultivating young models ' careers , including Gigi 's . Scroll down for video . Close up : Gigi Hadid flaunts her perfect pout and a unique geometric eyeliner look in this photo , which will appear in all 32 editions of Harper 's Bazaar . Style star : The 19-year-old model closed her eyes and arched her back she modeled this Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci ensemble . Givenchy Pre Fall 2015 . Shop the current collection at Barneys ! Visit site . Gigi Hadid is so gorgeous that she could probably sell us on just about anything she wore . Even if it were as outragerous as a yellow rubber onesie , we 're sure she 'd somehow style herself cute . And alas ! She 's done it again , although this time it 's a triple whammy . The model , who we love , is dressed in head to toe Givenchy by Ricardo Tischi , whom we adore , in Harpers Bazaar , which is basically our style bible . Hailing from the Pre Fall 2015 collection , this look has been ripped right off the runway . And as usual , Gigi pulls it off with aplomb . As it 's pre-fall , it 's not yet available in stores but click right to shop Givenchy 's current collection at Barneys . Or get your graphic print on with one of the fab maxi skirts in our edit below ! We 're head over heels for the Missguided version for only $ 24 . It 's literally the perfect way to spring into summer . Missguided Sangeta Maxi Skirt . Visit site . Indikka Graphic Print Maxi Skirt at Neiman Marcus -LRB- Now $ 68 -RRB- . Visit site . Karen Kane Palmilla Print Maxi Skirt at Zappos . Visit site . Billabong Batik Me Maxi Skirt at Zappos . Visit site . The blonde beauty can be seen donning a bold , geometric shaped eyeliner with her hair styled in '70s disco-inspired curls for the spread shot by Brigitte Niedermair . In one close-up image , Gigi flaunts her perfect pout and voluminous hair , highlighting her bold geometric-inspired beauty look . The photo , which was shared on Harper Bazaar 's US Instagram page yesterday , earned more than 10,000 likes and nearly 300 comments since it was posted . ` I ca n't believe how much I love this , ' one person commented . Another added : ` I love her face . ' Perfect profile : Jing Wen wore a Dior turtleneck as she showed off her thick eyeliner and elaborate braid . Contortionist : Laura James hid her arms behind her back as she modeled this Proenza Schouler dress . In another photo from the shoot , Gigi can be seen modeling a matching Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci jacket , bodysuit and pant combination as she arches her back with her eyes closed . Her fellow model Anna is also pictured with her hair styled in the same big curls as she poses in black a Giorgio Armani top over a white collared shirt with a matching pair of black pants . Meanwhile , Kitty , Laura , Antonia , Ondria , Paige and Jin sport elaborately styled , gravity-defying braids for their futuristic looks . Last month , Carine had 17-year-old Kitty flaunt her braces on the cover of her own fashion glossy CR Fashion Book . ` After putting Beyoncé on my cover last season , I knew there was no way to top the most famous and beautiful woman in the world , ' she told WWD . ` So I went in the opposite direction : I chose my favorite fresh faces of the season ... girls who are mostly unknown but have a special quality that sets them apart , like big ears or a strange smile . ' Orange is the New Black : Laura also donned a bright orange Tom Ford top as she flaunted her glowing skin . Blonde babe : German fashion model Anna Ewers covers the May issue of America Harper 's Bazaar .