At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers were feared missing yesterday as the death toll in the Nepal earthquake reached 2,500 . On Everest , survivors described running for their lives as a ` tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on Base Camp . Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world 's highest peak . Survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing down into rocks and ice . Scroll down for video . Icy terror : An avalanche appears to erupt in a cloud of snow and debris as it tears towards Everest Base Camp , where it ripped through tents with climbers still inside . As the freezing cascade tore down the mountainside in a terrifying explosion of snow and ice , a photographer captured the dramatic moment it headed straight for the camp at 17,700 ft -LRB- 5,380 m -RRB- . Aftershocks set off a series of further avalanches , prompting fears for the Britons among the hundreds of climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris and ice blocking their routes . In Kathmandu and Pokhara , bodies lay among the rubble as buildings were reduced to matchsticks and tent cities were erected to provide shelter for the hundreds of thousands left homeless . Rescuers dug victims out from the ruins of collapsed buildings -- some with their bare hands -- while aid agencies warned of a humanitarian disaster and said the death toll could be far higher in more remote areas . At least 65 Britons across the region were unaccounted for last night . Everest suffered its deadliest ever day on Saturday when the avalanche struck . Google executive Daniel Fredinburg , 33 , medic Marisa Eve Girawong , 28 , and documentary-maker Tom Taplin , 61 , were among the dead , as were several Nepali workers and sherpas . Around 1,000 people , including 400 foreigners were believed to have been on Mount Everest when the quake struck . Fears grew for their safety as survivors described how avalanches had left them stranded on the mountain , with their descent paths blocked by debris . Base Camp was said to have borne the worst of the avalanche 's impact and mountaineer Alex Gaven tweeted that it looked like it had been hit by a ` nuclear blast ' . Others described seeing ` car-sized boulders ' and a ` 50-storey building of white ' as the avalanche thundered towards them . Frantic search : Rescue teams including Sherpas carry off an injured climber at Base Camp as others hunt for survivors among the damaged tents an equipment . Devastation : The scene as Base Camp after the freezing cascade tore down the mountainside . A rescue helicopters lifts survivors from the mountainside , as many climbers were left stranded by the avalanche . The 7.8-magnitude quake struck on Saturday and a 6.7-magnitude aftershock hit yesterday , leaving survivors afraid to return home . Landslides hampered rescue efforts and hospitals warned they could not cope with treating the injured . Although Nepal bore the brunt of the death toll , the quake claimed lives in India , Tibet and Bangladesh . Nepal is one of the world 's poorest countries and an international appeal began for aid , with Britain pledging £ 5million . David Cameron said the RAF would fly supplies into the region today after the UK sent search and rescue teams and medics yesterday . British climber Nick Talbot , who was in the same group as Google executive Mr Fredinburg , told of the terrifying moment the avalanche hit ` like a tsunami ' . The 7.8-magnitude quake struck on Saturday and a 6.7-magnitude aftershock hit yesterday . Pictured : A Nepalese man cries as he walks through the earthquake debris . This mound of rubble is all that remains of a temple after the earthquake struck in Kathmandu . ` I saw this wall of snow and ice coming . I ran away . I thought , `` There is no chance I can get away '' . I just had my socks on . ` It knocked me into the rocks . I got up and it knocked me over again . ' Mr Talbot , 39 , from County Durham , was attempting to become the first climber with cystic fibrosis to make the ascent . He suffered cracked ribs and was evacuated by helicopter . His US campmate Mr Fredinburg suffered fatal head injuries . US filmmaker Mr Taplin , who also died was making a documentary about Base Camp . His wife Corey Fryer said he died ` doing what he loved ' . Nepali cook Bhim Bahadur Khatari described digging himself out of the avalanche , saying : ` A huge wall of snow just piled on me . ` I managed to dig out of what could easily have been my grave . I wiggled and used my hands as claws to dig as much as I could . I was suffocating , I could not breathe . But I knew I had to survive . ' The International Red Cross and Google both launched websites to help families searching for news of the missing . Survivor : Laura Wood , 23 , from Huddersfield has made contact with her family . Among the 65 Britons still listed as missing by the Red Cross are Samuel Bond , 28 , from Doynton , South Gloucestershire , Ashrafe Sultana , 31 , from North London , and Keith Diplock , 71 , from East Sussex . Others feared missing have made contact with their families , including Tara Bradshaw , 24 , from Brighton , Laura Wood , 23 , from Huddersfield , Sebastian Lovera , 22 , from Tonbridge , Kent , and Sophie Proffitt , 23 , from Kidlington , Oxford . Julia Carroll , 22 , managed to get a Facebook message to her mother Denise in Boxford , Suffolk , saying simply : ` I 'm alive . ' Sheffield-based adventure company Jagged Globe said it had contacted seven of its eight teams in the Everest region . It said its remaining group of 13 people was in a remote area and may not be aware of the earthquake . Alexandra Aitken , the daughter of former Conservative MP Jonathan Aitken , was in Nepal but has made contact with her family to say she was unhurt . Peter Hillary , the son of Everest pioneer Sir Edmund Hillary , was trekking near the peak when the quake struck but was also unharmed . A climber at Camp 1 , named only as Sean , gave a graphic description of the terrifying situation faced by those stranded . In a series of messages relayed through a climbing group on Twitter , he said : ` It 's so unstable now that rock fall and minor avalanches occur consistently . The circumstances we face are dire . As I lie here writing this , the ground is moving beneath me . My heart leaps every time the earth moves . I ca n't get used to it . ' Meanwhile chaos broke out in Kathmandu as passengers attempted to fight their way into the international airport in a bid to leave the country . In the capital , centuries of history were destroyed in minutes when the quake damaged the Dharahara Tower and historic temples in Durbar Square . Oxfam , Christian Aid , Save the Children , the British Red Cross and Plan International UK have all launched appeals and are providing assistance . Families can contact the Foreign Office on 0207 008 0000 .