Kentucky judge Olu Stevens is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple 's victim impact statements . A Kentucky judge is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple 's victim impact statements and accused them of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter . Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice , Marquis McAfee , robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray 's Louisville home in April 2013 . Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three-year-old before making off with $ 1,100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . In victim impact statement 's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace , the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still ` in constant fear of black men . ' ` Whenever we are running errands , if we come across a black male , she holds me tight and begs me to leave , ' the mother said . Tommy Gray also wrote that since the crime , his daughter had been terrified of black males and that probation was not sufficient punishment for Wallace , 27 , who had pleaded guilty to robbery . ` If holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation , then our system is flawed , ' Gray said . But when the case appeared before Stevens on February 4 in Jefferson Circuit Court , it was the parents , not Wallace , who suffered Judge Stevens ' wrath , reports the Courier Journal . At the sentencing for Gregory Wallace , Stevens accused the Grays of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter 's mind . ` I am offended . ... I am deeply offended that they would be victimized by an individual and express some kind of fear of all black men , ' he said . ` This little girl certainly has been victimized , and she ca n't help the way she feels , ' he said . ` My exception is more with her parents and their accepting that kind of mentality and fostering those type of stereotypes . ' Despite the family 's protests , Stevens granted probation to Wallace , who had no prior convictions for violent crimes and had received strong support from his family and friends . Judge Stevens said Wallace deserved the opportunity to redeem himself and said his thoughts about the Gray 's victim impact statements had no bearing on his judgement . He later expanded his opinion writing on Facebook : ` Do three year olds form such generalized , stereotyped and racist opinions of others ? Judge Stevens granted Wallace , left , probation because he had no prior convictions for violent crimes and said his thoughts about the Gray 's victim impact statements had no bearing on his judgement . ` Had the perpetrator been white , I doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations , ' wrote Stevens afterwards on Facebook . Marquis McAfee was sentenced to 10 years in prison for his role in the crime . ` I think not . Perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them . ' Stevens also posted a photo showing young black and white children playing together . Friends and family of the Grays say they are outraged by his comments and are calling for him to be removed . ` Judge Stevens blamed and shamed the victims , ' said the girl 's paternal grandmother , Dawn Renee Bryant . ` It is very disturbing to be called something you are not . ' Attorney Tom Wine said the statements made by the victims in this case ` were not intended to be and were not ' racist . Facebook pages has been launched both supporting and calling for Judge Stevens to be sacked . He remains adamant that he has done nothing wrong either in court or on social media . ` I was cautioning the parents against allowing racial stereotypes to impact their behavior and that of their child , ' he said . The other robber , McAfee , was sentenced to 10 years in prison . He was on probation for a prior crime at the time of the crime . Court brought it front and center this week . The case involved a burglary and the victims were a young couple and their three year-old child . The written victim impact statement on behalf of the child read that as a result of the offense committed against her parents in her presence , the child is in ` constant fear of black men . ' The statement , written by her mother , continues that the child clings to her parent when in the presence of any black man . The incident , the mother concluded , ` has even affected our relationship with our African-American friends . ' I read this statement aloud in open court . For a reason . It was of little surprise to me that neither parent nor the child was present in court for the sentencing . After all , the defendant and the judge are amongst the individuals the three year old has fear of as a result of the crime . Do three year olds form such generalized , stereotyped and racist opinions of others ? I think not . Perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them . Let me be clear . The statement played absolutely no role in the sentencing decision and the commonwealth disavowed the statement . Needless to say , I was deeply offended , however , that this statement was put forth for the purpose of persuading me to impose a lengthy prison sentence . Had the perpetrator been white , I doubt it would have resulted in such gross generalizations . The race of a perpetrator of a crime is not a reason or an excuse to fear an entire race of people . We must stand against it in whatever form . As a judge I do my work without regard to race . It is incumbent on me to confront and dispose of language based on racism and stereotypes . We should all do our part to eradicate such nonsense . And let me be clear , silence does nothing to contribute . It simply sends a message that such views are acceptable and fear somehow excuses wrong . Jordan Gray , mother . Q : Has the crime had a psychological impact on you ? My husband works nights and there are many nights I still ca n't sleep . Even with a security system I do n't feel safe in my own home . I 'm nervous about when random people walk down the street and constantly have our doors locked . Q : Has this crime effected the lifestyle of you or your family ? Due to the impact it has had on my 5-year-old daughter we have to consider the area in which we go . While my daughter and I used to play outside , we are hesitant to do so now by ourselves . Q : If you have any additional information , please feel free to attach it to this form . -LRB- i.e , recommended sentence -RRB- . This incident has had the most impact on my daughter . She is in constant fear of black men . When we are running errands , if we come across a black male , she holds me tight and begs me to leave . If -LRB- she -RRB- is playing in a room and I walk into another , she freaks out . It has affected her friendships at school and our relationship with African American friends . Tommy Gray , father . Q : Has the crime had a psychological impact on you ? For months after this crime I could n't sleep . I would relive this incident every night before bed . I would constantly see their faces every time I closed my eyes . Q : Has this crime effected the lifestyle of you or your family ? Since the crime occurred my daughter is terrified of black males . Where ever we go , we are constantly reminded of her fears . She brings up the crime and ca n't be left alone in our own home because she is afraid someone will bust in the door . ' Q : Has this crime resulted in any damages or loss of property ? My wife 's cell phone and vacation fund of about $ 1000 . Q : If you have any additional information , please feel free to attach it to this form . -LRB- i.e , recommended sentence -RRB- . I do n't have a recommended sentence but I feel like probation is not enough . This crime will effect my daughter for the rest of her life and Mr. Wallace deserves to serve time . If holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation , then our system is flawed .