The house where Tia Sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered before her body was hidden in the loft has finally been erased from a community . Pictures show the aerial view of the new buildings which have been built following the discovery of the 12-year-old 's body in the in 2013 . The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington , near Croydon south London - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties . 19a and 19b The Lindens in New Addington , near Croydon - the previous address , where Tia Sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered has been completely wiped off the map . 20 The Lindens as it was before : Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there . In its place , two new houses have been built , which will be numbered 19a and 19b , completely wiping number 20 from the map . The two identical houses come with a garden , shed and new solar panels on the roof . The properties are clearly noticeable next to the old houses in the street . One local resident who did not want to be named said : ` We are so relieved that it has gone . It was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there . ` It has been raised to the ground and erased from our memories . ` The new homes are lovely . ' The former home was where evil killer Stuart Hazell , 39 , murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft . Twelve-year-old Tia Sharp -LRB- left -RRB- was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered by Hazell -LRB- right -RRB- before her body was hidden in the loft . He was living there with his partner , 49-year-old Christine Bicknell , Tia 's grandmother . Twisted Hazell was one of the ` heartbroken ' family members who ` searched ' for Tia during a national manhunt in August 2012 after she disappeared . As the distraught and desperate family members comforted each other in the house , they were unaware that missing Tia was just feet away from them , wrapped in bin-liners in the loft . Father-of-one Hazell suffocated Tia during a sex attack after months of trawling vile internet pornography sites and filming her as she slept . Hazell was living there with his partner , 49-year-old Christine Bicknell , -LRB- pictured -RRB- Tia 's grandmother . Her body was not found for over a week by police - even though it just feet away from where they had been searching . The property , which is owned by Croydon Council , was demolished to avoid it becoming a sick tourist attraction . Two adjoining houses were also demolished by the council and now building work has been going to replace the three bulldozed properties with two new ones . A Croydon Council spokesman confirmed the homes are near completion and the number 20 will not be used . Hazell , who lied that Tia spent the night at home before heading to a shopping centre in nearby Croydon , was jailed for life in May last year . He pleaded not guilty before changing his plea to guilty on the fifth day of his trial at the Old Bailey . A Croydon Council spokesman confirmed the homes are near completion and the number 20 will not be used .