The brave man who stood up against a neo-Nazi at an anti-Islam rally has spoken out about the poignant moment that was captured on camera . During the Reclaim Australia rallies on the Easter weekend , anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear . Mr King , from Melbourne , told Daily Mail Australia he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at Federation Square . Anti-racism protester Jacob King , from Melbourne , had a face off with a neo-Nazi at the Easter weekend 's Reclaim Australia rallies . Mr King was raised in Melbourne and says he lived in a multicultural part of the Victorian capital where he was exposed to racial tensions . The anti-racism protester said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to ` unlearn ' these views ' ` A few scuffles broke out as a result of those trying to push and fight their way through the picket lines , ' he said . ` I remember looking at the bald man from the photo and it seemed to me that he and his group were there solely to be violent and express incoherent hatred , which took away from the already limited opportunities to engage in civilised discussion . ` I have however felt this kind of anger before , and this understanding produced in me a moment of unexpected compassion for him . ` I placed myself in between him and the anti-racism protesters . My arms were outstretched to keep people back and when the man got in my face I was expecting him to attack me . But he did n't . ` As he began to relax I told him there would be no more fighting today . I was n't expecting him to comply so easily , but I respect him for doing so . ' Mr King said he was born and had grown up in a multicultural part of Melbourne , where he had been on the giving and receiving ends of ` racial prejudice and bigoted views ' . ` I learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to unlearn and re-learn enough to accept that many of my simplified views were irrational , ' he said . ` I have learned that the vast majority of Australian Muslims have come to Australia to improve their lives , contribute to our society and are against the extremist interpretations of their faith which they are so often accused of holding . Mr King said he had spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man and his group was going to attack them . Wearing a Harley Davidson sleeveless hoodie , which showed off his sleeve of tattoos , the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism , who stood against him in defiance . ` I attended the anti-racism rally because I recognise that the issues raised by the rally co-ordinators are a direct result of the scapegoating and fear mongering of Muslims and other minorities by many in the corporate mainstream media and government . ` I firmly believe these divisions in our society are distracting us from the more immediate issues that should be of greater concern to all Australians . ' Numerous images emerged showing fiery scenes around the nation , but the most striking picture was taken by photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe who captured Mr King during the Melbourne protest against the ` Islamisation ' of Australia . The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia , an anti-Islam group , organised protests at major cities across Australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations . The Reclaim Australia event in Melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups . ` It was very intense , ' Kenji Wardenclyffe told Daily Mail Australia . ` The neo-nazi definitely seemed to be instigating , trying to start a fight with the anti-racism group . The other man in the photo stepped in and was trying to keep the peace . ` He kept his hands open , he was trying to stop a fight from breaking out . ' The violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally , when he was photographed with one fist gripping another protester 's shirt and the other raised to punch the man in the face . Mr Wardenclyffe said he was pushed around by protesters throughout the day , and some of his camera equipment was broken by people attempting to stop him from taking photos . ` It was a very angry atmosphere - it definitely seemed some of the people on the Reclaim Australia side were there looking to start a fight , ' he said . ` It was very tense . ' Violent intent : At the rally , the man involved in the standoff was seen trying to throw a punch at another protester as the scene descended into violence . One man appeared to be knocked out cold in the melee and was left lying on the ground . The identification of Jacob King comes after a Federal Government MP reported a group ` socialist ratbags ' who were seen burning the Australian flag at the rally to the Human Rights Commission . The trio were at a Reclaim Australia demonstration , the same rally where Mr King was photographed . George Christensen , member for Dawson in Queensland revealed on Tuesday after receiving ` a number of complaints ' he had reported the ` clowns ' who burnt the flag while protesting against the Reclaim Australia group . ` I have asked the Racial Discrimination Commissioner to investigate the protests to see if they are unlawful under Section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act , ' Mr Christensen said . ` According to the Act , it is unlawful to perform any action in public that is likely to offend people of a particular race , religion , or national background . If sections of the Act can be applied to one race or nationality it must apply to all , whether a minority or the majority , ' he also wrote . The rally was just one of a dozen which took place in cities across Australia on the Easter long weekend , organised by anti-Islam group Reclaim Australia . A Federal Government MP has reported a group of ` Socialist ratbags ' who were seen burning the Australia flag at a rally last weekend to the Human Rights Commission . George Christensen , member for Dawson in Queensland -LRB- left -RRB- revealed on Tuesday after receiving ` a number of complaints ' he had reported the ` clowns ' -LRB- right -RRB- . In a video of the event , it also appears to show the moment a man throw a punch at the head of a female anti-racism protester . Despite Reclaim Australia 's promise of a peaceful protest , a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to intimidate anti-racism protesters . Reclaim Australia describe themselves as ` patriotic Australians ' who protest against Sharia Law , Halal tax and Islam . They say they want ` compulsory singing of our national anthem weekly in every school in Australia ' and want the government to ` refuse entry to anyone who has fought overseas against our ADF or minimum 15 years jail term . ' Police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . Speaking to Buzzfeed , photographer Wardenclyffe said one of the anti-racism protesters stood out in front of the rest to stop him from getting through . ` The neo-Nazi appeared and pushed through the crowd and began to yell at the -LRB- left-wing protestors -RRB- , ' Mr Wardenclyffe said . ` The neo-Nazi then got in the face of the man in my photo with sunglasses who had moved into a position to prevent him from getting through . ` The neo-Nazi yelled at him in a manner which seemed to be an attempt to start a fight , but the guy with sunglasses remained calm and did n't engage . ' A clash of anti-Islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in Melbourne . Melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests . There was never a violent exchange between the groups however the men with the swastika 's moved through the crowd taunting the anti-racism protesters . The clash comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups mocked protests being held around Australia last week . However , organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . Crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . Across Australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but Sydney and Melbourne drew the biggest crowd . ` It 's not us , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia . ` Ours is @reclaim_aus . ' Across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in Sydney and Melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . About 500 people attended the rally held in Martin Place , Sydney , which included speeches from former Australia Defence League member Shermon Burgess and Rise Up ! Australia Party NSW President Norm Bishop . Two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . More than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . Several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . There was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . Two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . One took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ` ashamed ' . Several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports . To see more of Kenji Wardenclyffe 's work , visit his site here , or his YouTube channel . There was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . Two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . Two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . Protesters cheered as speakers said Australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of Islam and sharia law .