Want to know what Australians get up to when the lights go out ? One in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night , according to a new study . The nocturnal shopping sprees are likely down to the 86 per cent of those surveyed who admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items that they are too embarrassed to buy in stores . The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear , hair removal cream , personal hygiene products , medication ... and action figures . Nocturnal shopping spree : One in five Australians shop online at night in bed , while 86 per cent to going online for items they 're too embarrassed to buy in store . And this is the least of stealthy shopper habits . The study , released by the StarTrack Online Retail Industry Awards , found work will often take a back seat when online shopping is only a click away . More than 27 per cent of Australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders when they arrived at home . These cunning capers even extend into the offline world , with 24 per cent of shoppers confessing to trying an item on in-store with the intention of buying it online later . Confessions of a shopaholic : 13 per cent of those surveyed admit to online shopping three to four times per day . Shoppers were also found to great covert lengths to keep online shopping habits a secret from their partner , friends or boss . With savvy shopping skills at play , it 's no surprise then that Australians admit they are online addicts . Of those surveyed , most admitted to shopping up to twice a day and 13 per cent will click through online stores three to four times a day -LRB- equivalent to 4.6 hours a week -RRB- . So how much are we spending ? Three-quarters of Australians will spend up to $ 300 per month or at least $ 3,600 per year , according to StarTrack . Read below to find out which type you are ... 1 . THE SNEAKY SHOPPER . 2 . THE BLUSHING BUYER . 3 . THE ADDICT . 4 . THE COVERT CONSUMER . 5 . THE BIG SPENDER . This old thing ? Covert consumers go to great lengths to hide purchases from partners , friends and family . Pairing this alongside a recent Commonwealth Bank survey that found six million Australians were estimated to shop online at Christmas alone , it seems online is our new go-to shopping choice . ` The relationship we have with our favourite online stores is personal and is at times extremely intimate , ' Executive Chairman of the National Online Retailers Association Paul Greenberg said . ` They are co-conspirators and confidants for many of our secret shopping behaviours . Behind the safety of a screen we can be ourselves , so it 's no wonder the number of Australians shopping online is continuing to grow year on year . ` To celebrate that special , unspoken bond between customers and online stores , we 're asking people to wear their heart on their sleeve and vote this month for their favourite Australian online retailer in the StarTrack ORIAS People 's Choice Awards . '