The mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones has revealed she receives hate mail blaming her for the killing of her five-year-old . Coral Jones , 43 , whose daughter was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth , Powys , had letters demanding her other children be taken into care . She was branded a ` bad mother ' for allowing April to play in the street past 7 pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger . Scroll down for video . Coral Jones , pictured with her husband , Paul , 46 , has revealed she has been sent hate mail blaming her for the murder of her five-year-old daughter April and demanding her other children are taken into care . Mrs Jones said : ` We had a letter with no name on it and no address to write to , saying I was a bad mother and it was my fault and I should n't have my other children with me . ` Yes , I blame myself every day for it but unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me I am a bad mother . ' She admitted that she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike ` for an extra 15 minutes ' after getting a good school report that day in October 2012 . Bridger , 49 , who took her to his cottage nearby and killed her , was jailed for life in 2013 but despite the largest police search in British history her body has never been recovered . April Jones , left , was abducted from outside her home by Mark Bridger , right , who was jailed for life in 2013 . Mrs Jones and husband Paul , 46 , told BBC Wales programme Week In Week Out they have battled to live a normal life for their two children Jazmin , 19 , and Harley , 12 , after the tragedy . Since the loss of her daughter , Mrs Jones has suffered from agroraphobia and will not leave the house on her own . Mr Jones said : ` It is not often she will go anywhere on her own . Even just to pop down the shops one of the kids will go with her or I will go with her or she will call a friend . ' Mrs Jones added : ` I get frightened and feel unsafe that people come up to me . I know they mean no harm but when people come up to me and I am feeling frightened , I ca n't cope . ' She admitted that the only place in her town she feels comfortable is April 's favourite local sweet shop . ` He -LSB- Bridger -RSB- did n't just take April away from us - he took her away from the town , ' she said . ` I should n't be like this because of him but I can not help it . ' April 's older sister Jazmin explained her family were still struggling to come to terms with her murder . The family has said they have struggled to come to terms with April 's death . Coral and Paul Jones are pictured with their eldest daughter , Jazmin , 19 , -LRB- left -RRB- and 13-year-old Harley -LRB- second left -RRB- . She said : ` One day I could be really happy and Dad could be really upset and we would argue , we would shout at each other . We would want to hit someone or something just to get the anger out . ' The Jones ' have launched a campaign to highlight the growing problem of internet abuse after their daughter 's killer was found to have accessed child abuse images online hours before her death . Mr Jones told the BBC he thought part of preventing the issue rested with potential offenders , who should identify themselves to authorities to get support . He said : ` If you have got the notion that you like kids like that or anything like that , if you go and ask for help then you deserve a chance . But if you do n't ask for help and you commit a crime then you are a paedophile . ' Last year , the Jones family joined Madeleine McCann 's parents , Gerry and Kate , to back the nationwide Child Rescue Alert with the charity Missing People .