An Italian doctor has vowed to confound his medical doubters by proving that he can conduct the world 's first head transplant - in less than an hour . Surgeon Sergio Canavero , who has no problem with anyone branding him Dr Frankenstein , also has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life . He confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient , a Russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease , and said he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union . Scroll down for video . Controversial Surgeon Sergio Canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant , claiming the country which hosts the operation will be a ` world leader ' like the US when it put a man on the Moon . Valery Spiridonov wants to be the first person to undergo a head transplant despite the massive risks so he can have a shot at having a healthy body having suffered from Werdnig-Hoffman disease . Dr Canavero says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first head transplant . Pictured here is Boris Karolv playing Dr Frankenstein 's monster in the 1931 film . Potentially he accepts he could be jailed for conducting such an operation in a country where it does not have approval . ` It 's not a problem . If Europe and Russia say `` no '' , the surgery will be done in China , ' he said . ` I 'm ready for that . I 've been studying Chinese for a few years . ` You should understand that it 's not simply a medical procedure . This surgery has a political meaning . ` The Soviet Union was the first one to send Yuri Gagarin to space , America was the first on the Moon . The country that hosts head transplant surgery for the first time will become a leader like this . ' But critics say Dr Canavero 's plans are a fantasy . Arthur Caplan , the director of medical ethics at New York University 's Langone Medical Centre , has described Dr Canavero as ` nuts ' . And Dr Hunt Batjer , president elect of the American Association for Neurological Surgeons , has said : ` I would not wish this on anyone . I would not allow anyone to do it to me as there are a lot of things worse than death . ' Nevertheless severely disabled Valery Spiridonov , 30 , a sufferer of Werdnig-Hoffman disease , has volunteered to be a guinea pig , knowing the risks . He told MailOnline in an exclusive interview earlier this month : ` My decision is final and I do not plan to change my mind . ' ` Am I afraid ? Yes , of course I am . But it is not just very scary , but also very interesting . ' This risks appear huge but Dr Canavero insists it would take him less than an hour to put Spiridonov 's head on the body of a donor body . ` Valery 's head will be cooled to 10-15 degrees Celsius , ' the Italian medic said . ` That is done in cases of surgery on deep areas of the brain . ` We will have an hour to ` switch ' the head to a different body . You need a few minutes to join blood vessels . ` Valery 's head will be detached from his body and transferred to another one in a matter of seconds , and the brain 's blood flow will start in about 15 minutes . Dr Canavero giving a presentation on his plans . He claims he has been ` studying Chinese for the past few years ' in case he has to perform the operation in China should Europe and Russia say no . ` I will be explaining all the technical peculiarities on June 12 in Annapolis at an international neurosurgeons ' conference . ' This Annual Scientific Meeting of the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons will hear that such surgery is not only possible but imminent , he said . ` I 'll prove it is totally possible to all the sceptics there . ' He admitted that attaching the head was only the start . ` The surgery will take a lot of time , the joining process may take up to 18-24 hours , ' he said . ` Doctors will be taking turns not to get tired . ' He added : ` Believe me , I receive a lot of queries from surgeons , volunteers from across the globe who 'd like to participate in the surgery . ` If I wanted , I 'd be able to have an international team of 150 highly-skilled professionals . ' Asked by newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda on the cost of the first surgery , he replied : ` Do you love football ? I hate it . Nonetheless , you have slackers who meaninglessly stroll around the pitch and are paid $ 20-30 million a year . ` I need $ 15 million . It 's the price for happiness and health for a lot of people . But sponsors prefer spending money on healthy boneheads who ca n't kick a ball . ' Asked if such surgery could be used for ` elderly billionaires to get a young body ' , he claimed he had interest from tycoons seeking to extend their lives . ` You bet - there are a few funds working on prolonging life expectancy , and they are well-funded . ` These people came to me and said , `` here is the money , but we want our participation to stay secret '' . ` However , I want everything to be transparent . Doing the surgery in a secret place on a secret island is not my cup of tea , to be honest . ' He was ready to be branded Dr Frankenstein . In 1970 Dr Robert White transplanted the head of one monkey onto the body of another , as shown in this diagram . If Mr Spiridonov 's head were to be successfully transplanted his jugular vein and spinal cords would have to be similarly fused with those of his new donor body . Dr Canavero has said his new body swap technique could help paralysed people such as Christopher Reeve . ` I am prepared for any nicknames , because it sounds cool and will help to sell more newspapers . ` But I am very conservative when it comes to funding . ` When Bill Gates or Dmitry Itskov -LRB- a Russian millionaire supporting the research in artificial intelligence -RRB- fund my project , I 'll come to the cameras with the receipt and say , `` this person supported my initiative '' . ' He went on : ` I know what I 'm for and am prepared for it . I already have an entire army of enemies . ` But even if I fail with the project , it 'll be a lot easier for those who carry on after me . ' He admitted that ` the final goal is immortality ' and brushed aside objections from churches . ` I 'm not a Catholic and not even a Christian . But I respect other points of view . And I will listen to what the Orthodox church has to say . But this church has one point of view , and the Catholic - another . ' He claims a senior Catholic figure has said he sees no objections to the surgery , he said , adding : ` In Asia and China , the religious authorities also have n't shown any discontent about that . I do n't think the religious aspect will play a huge role . Dr Canavero , who currently undertakes experimental surgery near Turin , said that he had had ` many ' offers to be his guinea pig in such surgery . ` My secretary receives queries from all over the world , ' he said . ` I wo n't disclose the names of other candidates because they have not allowed me to do so . ` I chose Valery for two reasons . First , he 's brave enough and ready to go till the end . ` Second , his bravery is based on knowledge , he studied everything the scientists have discovered in the area . ` This way , I decided , he will be the first one to make history . ` Other lucky people will get a chance to change their lives after him . ' In his remarkable interview with MailOnline , the would-be patient explained that he had agreed to the surgery because ` I do n't really have many choices . Dmitry Itskov , a Russian millionaire who supports research in artificial intelligence . Dr Canavero says he 'd love to ` come to the cameras ' with a receipt to show he had enlisted Mr Itskov 's support . ` If I do n't try this chance my fate will be very sad . With every year my state is getting worse . ' He confirmed : ` I read many scientific articles on this topic . ` The idea to transplant not only organs but the head has been studied for a long time even by Russian specialists . ` But an actual transplantation of the human head was never conducted . ` I contacted Professor Canavero two years ago after reading about his works . I offered myself to him to make this operation possible . ` We have never met , and we just communicate via emails . ` And for the last two years we 've been talking this idea through and planning the operation . ` He 's a very experienced neurosurgeon and conducted many serious operations . Of course he has never done anything like this and we have to think carefully all the possible risks . ` But in the end it is like with astronauts . Before the first man we sent into space , 300 different scenarios of something going wrong were thought through but when he actually did it , it was the 301st scenario that happened . ' He denied his pledge to be a guinea pig is a stunt , and insisted he goes into it with his eyes open . Severely physically handicapped , he made clear : ` I do understand the risks of such surgery . Yhey are multiple . We ca n't even imagine what exactly can go wrong . ` I 'm afraid that I would n't live long enough to see it happen to someone else . ` If I want this kind of surgery to happen , I should n't put the responsibility onto someone else but should try it on myself . ` My family fully supports me . They also understand all the risks , and even if they think that it 's too dangerous , they still support me in my decision . '