Newcastle boss John Carver accepts the pressure is on as his side head into their final six games with their top-flight status still not secured . The Magpies slipped to a fifth successive Barclays Premier League defeat at Liverpool on Monday , a result that did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble . Newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points but the sides below them have been eating into their cushion . They are nine points above the relegation zone but with some awkward-looking games in their run-in , including this weekend 's home clash with Tottenham and matches against fellow battlers Leicester , West Brom and QPR . Newcastle boss John Carver insists his side have ` got six cup finals ' left to play during the current campaign . Carver , pictured with Newcastle ace Moussa Sissoko , has won just two games since taking over the reins . Newcastle are just nine points above QPR . Carver said : ` We have got six cup finals . We need points . We have got four home games , two away , and it is important when we play those home games our fans are right behind us . ' It looked like being a long night for Newcastle and their fans as Liverpool dominated the early proceedings at Anfield , with Raheem Sterling setting up their 2-0 win with a brilliant ninth-minute opener . Liverpool spurned several good chances to increase their lead and Newcastle rallied before the break and were controversially denied a penalty when referee Lee Mason surprisingly did not point to the spot after Dejan Lovren appeared to bring down Ayoze Perez . Perez also had a fine header superbly saved by Simon Mignolet but Liverpool secured victory through Joe Allen after 70 minutes , and Newcastle 's misery was complete when Moussa Sissoko was shown a late red card . Carver at least felt his side had shown the right spirit after their recent derby loss to Sunderland . England winger Raheem Sterling scored in Liverpool 's 2-0 win over Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night . He said : ` The pleasing thing from my point of view was our response . We have responded from that dreadful performance against Sunderland . Anything would have been better than what we saw against Sunderland . ` It is still not a win , but there are an awful lot of things that we can take into the final six games . ' Carver , who has overseen just two wins in 14 games since taking over from Alan Pardew , is also fighting for his own future . Carver feels his side are getting a rough deal from referees , with the Perez penalty claim the latest example . He said : ` I think Liverpool fans understand the game like Newcastle fans do and the reaction of them told me it was a penalty . Even Brendan -LRB- Rodgers -RRB- said straight away it was a penalty . ` These guys have to do a job - I am not going to be critical in general - I am just talking about one big decision . Contracts and jobs and livelihoods are decided on decisions like that . ` It is always the people on this side of the fence that get punished for that . '