A British man has been arrested in Turkey after an operation against a far-left militant group that left a prosecutor dead . The British national , of Polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front , according to reports . Members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week . Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out . Scroll down for video . Sick : Members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week . Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out . Murderers : A handout photo provided by the Istanbul head prosecutor shows two hostage takers seconds after they entered the Istanbul Court House where Mehmet Selim Kiraz was later killed . A Foreign Office spokeswoman said this morning : ` I can confirm that a British national has been arrested in Turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . ' The DHKP-C is listed as a terrorist organisation by the US , EU and Turkey . Two members of the DHKP-C and the prosecutor they held hostage inside a courthouse in Istanbul died after the shootout . Police had negotiated with the gunmen for six hours before the violent end to the hostage situation , according to Istanbul police chief Selami Altinok . Pictures emerged of the hostage takers holding a gun to the prosecutor 's head during the siege . Sadness : Thousands of people attended last Wednesday 's funeral ceremony for Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz inside the main courthouse where he died the previous day . Grief : Mehmet Selim Kiraz was shot in the head during the stand-off and rushed to hospital where doctors tried in vain to save his life . Pictured is his funeral the following day . Police had negotiated with the gunmen for six hours before the violent end to the hostage situation . Pictured are the thousands of people who turned out for Mehmet Selim Kiraz 's funeral . Turkey has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of Kiraz held during the armed siege last week . Before imposing the blocks on the websites , Turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week . The newspapers were accused by the government of ` spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking . The prosecutor , identified by state television as Kiraz , was shot in the head during the stand-off and rushed to hospital where doctors tried to save his life . Turkish prime minister Ahmet Davutoglu and hospital officials later announced he had died . Private news agency Dogan reported police special forces had entered the building , which was evacuated . It was not clear how the assailants managed to get arms into the courthouse . Mr Kiraz was the prosecutor investigating the death of a teenager who was hit by a police gas canister fired during nationwide anti-government protests in 2013 . The DHKP-C , which seeks a socialist state , has carried out sporadic attacks , including a suicide bombing on the US Embassy in 2013 that killed a security guard . The group was more active in the 1970s . Another attack : Just one day after the death of Kiraz , a woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack Istanbul 's police headquarters . Police HQ : Television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central Aksaray neighbourhood . Armed : The woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and a pistol . Local media said a man was also held . Just one day after the death of Kiraz , a woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack Istanbul 's police headquarters . A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged and television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central Aksaray neighbourhood . ` The Istanbul police headquarters on Vatan street was targeted by rifle fire and a female terrorist was killed in the clash , ' the Istanbul governor 's office said in a statement at the time . The woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said . Local media said a man had also been detained . On the same day police separately detained a gunman who entered an Istanbul branch of the ruling AK Party and hung from its window a Turkish flag with the emblem of a sword added . It was not immediately clear whether any of the attacks were linked , but Prime Minister Davutoglu warned of the risk of ` provocations ' and attempts to cause chaos ahead of June 's national election .