She captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for Mount St. Joseph 's women 's basketball team in Ohio and raised $ 1.5 million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer . And one of the millions Lauren Hill touched was LeBron James , who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via Twitter on Friday , just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor . In the letter , the basketball star , dubbed King James , praised the 19-year-old for the ` leadership ' , ` courage ' and ` strength ' she had shown while suffering from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- . James , 30 , who had never actually met Lauren , wrote : ` Dear Lauren Hill , You are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten . Scroll down for video . Farewell : LeBron James -LRB- left -RRB- posted an emotional farewell letter to Lauren Hill via Twitter on Friday , just hours after the teenager passed away from terminal brain cancer . Right , Lauren plays college basketball last year . Praise : In the letter , James , 30 , who had never actually met Lauren , wrote : ` Dear Lauren Hill , You are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten ' ` You inspired me ' : He continued : ` I -LSB- hate -RSB- that I never got the chance to meet u in person but know you inspired me the whole time ! For every life u touched , u made the biggest impact -LSB- on -RSB- them by just being YOU !! ` I -LSB- hate -RSB- that I never got the chance to meet u in person but know you inspired me the whole time ! For every life u touched , u made the biggest impact -LSB- on -RSB- them by just being YOU !! ` You 're in a far better place now and please do n't have too much fun up there w/o all your family and friends . Can u please tell my Grandma I said hello . ` Do n't be afraid , she knows you cause we spoke about u plenty of times Until we officially meet again , take care and continue to be that LEADER we all love ! # RIPLaurenHill . ' The Cleveland Cavaliers player signed off the letter - which was posted to his Twitter page - ` Sincerely , LeBron James ' . The letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times . Many users have deemed the tribute ` touching ' and ` beautiful ' . One told James - who competed against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night - that it ` was so sweet it brought me to tears ' . Lauren , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had repeatedly defied doctors ' expectations after they told her that she would not live past December . A touching tribute : James told Lauren not to have ` too much fun up there without all your family and friends ' ` Tell my Grandma I said hello ' : He added that he had spoken ` plenty of times ' about Lauren to his grandmother . #RIPLaurenHill : The Cleveland Cavaliers player signed off the letter - which was posted to his Twitter page - ` Sincerely , LeBron James ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times . Instead , the Indiana native played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati , and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer she suffered from . But as her condition worsened , the teenager became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to Cincinnati Children 's Hospital . She passed away at the hospital on Friday morning . As news of her death became public , thousands of people across the country - both basketball fans and not - took to social media to express their sorrow at her death , and show support for her family . Only a year and a half ago , Lauren , whose cancer saw her rapidly gain weight , had been just another teenager preparing for college after deciding to play basketball for Mount St. Joseph . But a few weeks later , she started feeling dizzy while playing for her high school team in nearby Lawrenceburg , Indiana . Tests found her tumor and she was told she had less than two years left . Diagnosis : Lauren is pictured left in December 2013 , and right , in December 2014 , after her treatment for Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- , a rare childhood brain cancer which changed her appearance . Brave : Lauren , who used her limited energy to inspire people and raise money for research into the cancer that ultimately took her life , is pictured in her room in Cincinnati last December - months before she passed away . In September , doctors gave her the devastating news she would n't make it past December - and after years as a standout player , Lauren 's hopes of playing college basketball were put in jeopardy . However , the NCAA granted permission to move the school 's opening game forward because of her worsening condition . On November 2 , Lauren realized her dream of playing for the school . Incredibly , she scored the first and last baskets of the team 's 66-55 victory over Hiram College . Diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- is a type of brain tumor found in the part of the brainstem at the lower back of the brain . Due to the tumor 's location , it can cause double vision , difficulty controlling eye movement and facial expressions , and difficulty swallowing and chewing . It may also cause weakness in the limbs . The condition primarily affects children most often between the ages of four and nine . Between 100 and 150 new diagnoses are made a year in the U.S. Only 300 are made across North America and Europe a year . It can be treated with radiation , but chemotherapy is generally not effective and surgery is impossible due to the spread of the cancer into healthy tissue . Unlike with other childhood cancers , there has been little progress in improving treatments and cure rates for the condition over the last few decades . Fewer than 10 per cent of children with DIPG survive two years after their diagnosis . Source : DIPG Registry . ` It 's a dream come true , ' Lauren told reporters at the time . ` To play on a college court , to put my foot down on the floor and hear the roar of the crowd - I just love it so much . I love basketball . ` Everything that happened today was amazing . I 'm truly happy , it 's a really good day . ' At the game , Lauren said she wanted to find a cure for the rare cancer , which has a less than 10 per cent survival rate and most often affects children aged four to nine . ` When I was diagnosed I remember kind of feeling lonely because nobody understood , ' she said following the game , USA Today reported . ` And now that more people know about this story and the awareness of DIPG . ` I 'm so happy that people know about it now and that we can get some research going and hopefully find that home run cure for cancer . And even though I 'm probably not going to be around to see it , it 's going to help a lot of people . ' Lauren played in four games and made five layups before the spreading tumor made her stop . When the season ended , her team held its annual dinner in the hospital where Hill was being treated . She was also honored at local sporting events and was featured on a box of Wheaties - known as the Breakfast of Champions . The U.S. Basketball Writers Association voted her the Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award , which is normally awarded at the Final Four . Athletes from other colleges autographed No. 22 jerseys - her number - and sent them in support . As the cancer slowed her down , Lauren 's family , friends and teammates took a bigger role in promoting her fundraising campaign - and she kept reminding everyone to appreciate life . ` Life is precious , ' she told WKRC-TV before her death . ` Every moment you get with someone is a moment that 's blessed , really blessed . ' Final days : Lauren is pictured enjoying Easter -LRB- left -RRB- and St Patrick 's Day -LRB- right -RRB- from hospital in Cincinnati . Fighter : The NCAA moved Mount St. Joseph 's first basketball game forward last November -LRB- pictured -RRB- so that Lauren could achieve her dream of playing for collegiate basketball . She scored the first and last baskets . The co-founder of her nonprofit foundation confirmed Lauren 's death in hospital on Friday . ` Through Lauren 's fundraising and advocacy efforts , she not only became a spotlight on the lack of funding for cancer research , but she most certainly has become a beacon guiding researchers for years to come , ' The Cure Starts Now co-founder Brooke Desserich said . Her nonprofit foundation helped to raise more than $ 1.5 million for cancer research . ` She 's made an impact on the world , more so than me - more than I ever will do , ' Lauren 's coach Dan Benjamin said . ` I 've gotten so many emails and phone calls from all over the world . People are contacting me because they want to share her story . ' No information about a memorial has yet been released , but Lawrenceburg Schools superintendent Karl Galey said on Twitter that schools will be prepared to assist staff and students with counseling . Heroic : Lauren , pictured left , smiles at Pat Summitt after receiving the Pat Summitt Award during halftime of her first NCAA college basketball game in November last year . She went on to play four games for the school . Dear Lauren Hill , . You are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten . I -LSB- hate -RSB- that I never got the chance to meet u in person but know you inspired me the whole time ! For every life u touched , u made the biggest impact -LSB- on -RSB- them by just being YOU !! You 're in a far better place now and please do n't have too much fun up there w/o all your family and friends . Can u please tell my Grandma I said hello . Do n't be afraid , she knows you cause we spoke about u plenty of times . Until we officially meet again , take care and continue to be that LEADER we all love ! # RIPLaurenHill . Sincerely , . LeBron James .