Just as we humans flock to the UK 's coastline when the days get longer and warmer , jellyfish arrive in their droves to seemingly ruin it for us . A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine and we need not be discouraged by the sight of these brainless , boneless creatures that have been around for 500 million years . ` We want to put the minds of holidaymakers at ease by showing that jellyfish are not as harmful as they may appear , ' says Stay In Cornwall 's Matt Fletcher . ` Swimming in the sea is one of the most enjoyable parts of a coastal holiday and one that should not be avoided simply because of jellyfish in the water . ' With the warmer months comes a surge in the number of jellyfish , such as this barrel variety at Kynance Cove , off the UK 's coastline . The water is fine : Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers to not be discouraged by the increased sight of the unusual sea creatures . Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans , and for the majority of cases , stings are mild or are easily treated . How to deal with a sting as changed in recent years , with the long-adopted method of pouring vinegar over stings now considered a big no-no . The theory that covering the affected area with urine has also been debunked , with NHS now recommending the best product to use now is shaving cream . Stay in Cornwall 's put together a simple guide to dealing with UK jellyfish with help from University of Exeter natural environment lecturer Dr Matthew Witt , a jellyfish fan who urges beachgoers to look but do n't touch . The stunning sight of a compass jellyfish -LRB- Chrysaora hysoscella -RRB- , which has a painful sting , captured underwater in Cornwall . Thousands of visitors who will soon flock to the UK 's beaches have been told to look but not touch jellyfish they will inevitably see . ` Jellyfish are an important part of our British wildlife and lead amazing lives - we see them year round , but mostly in summer months and lots around the South West , this is a great place to see marine wildlife , ' Dr Witt says . ` But remember look and do n't touch . If you do happen to come into contact with a jellyfish then follow these simple instructions . Also , please take time to inform the Marine Conservation Society of your sighting as this information will help us to understand the health of our coastal seas . ' If the person stung does n't have serious symptoms such as breathing difficulties or chest pain and has n't been caught in a sensitive area , such as the face or genitals you can deal with a sting yourself , says the NHS . After leaving the water immediately the stung person should stay as still as possible to not to increase the spread of toxins through the body . The stingers should then be removed -LRB- tweezers are best -RRB- and then apply the shaving cream . An ice pack will also reduce pain and inflammation if one is available . Vinegar and other alcohol-based substances are now discouraged as they activate unfired stinging cells , while urine also makes things worse . After the shaving cream is applied , we 're advised to use a ` razor blade , credit card or shell to remove any nematocysts -LRB- small poisonous sacs -RRB- that are stuck to the skin . ' Paracetamol and ibuprofen can also be taken to help relieve pain and inflammation .