Sofia Abramovich is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman , so it 's little wonder that there are many people interested in her Instagram account . But having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life , the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism . Sofia , the middle child of Chelsea FC owner Abramovich 's five offspring with second wife Irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight . Scroll down for video . Sofia Abramovich - the daughter of Chelsea owner Roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity . But now Sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life . Sofia posted an image to Instagram which read : ` Now that people have discovered my Instagram , I 've been getting a lot of hatred and offensive comments . ` I 've been scrutinised and some people say some really horrible things that I 've had to delete or block . ` This made me feel even more self conscious about myself and my body , it put me under a lot of pressure to look perfect . ' Sofia posted this picture to the social networking site explaining how she was not going to let people on Instagram get her down anymore . She continued : ` Only recently have I realised that every one has a different perfect . I may have never been perfect in other people 's eyes or even my own but I have decided to be happy and positive . ` I know I will never be a stick skinny model girl and I 'm accepting that fact . However , I know my body is n't as healthy as it could be so I 'm going to change that . ` A friend recently told me that being healthy and dieting is n't about losing weight , living longer and looking better ... it 's about letting your body -LRB- and mind -RRB- be happy now and giving it a chance to explain what it needs -LRB- thanks @howtogreen -RRB- . ' Sofia concluded : ` Starting today I 'm going to be as positive as I can about my life and myself . ` I have so much to be grateful for and I feel awful that I felt depressed around some amazing people because of the comments I got . ' Sofia is Roman 's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina , the pair had five children and split in 2007 . Sofia likes to ride her horses , she has also said she will dedicate some time to walking her dogs . Sofia then listed how she plans to change her life saying : ` Any rude , offensive or explicit comment wo n't be deleted or blocked . It just wo n't have an impact on my life or mood . ` Any negativity will be turned into a positive thing ... I 'm going to start eating healthy eating . Not going for the full on vegan / gluten free / sugar free / carb free life but one where everything my body needs it will get . ` I am going to start going to the gym properly . However , exams and work are a priority right now so that might have to be put off . ` Hiking / dog walks are going to be a major part of my day . ' Sofia is Roman 's daughter from his second marriage to Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina . The couple had five children together before they divorced in 2007 . For Sofia 's 18th birthday the Russian businessman and owner of Chelsea football club paid £ 30,000 to have the band McBusted entertain his daughter and her friends . Touching : Sofia Abramovich -LRB- pictured -RRB- has shared several family photos with her father . Birthday girl : Sofia Abramovich with her macaron-encrusted cake created by baker Peggy Porschen . As well as the standard stream of selfies , Sofia , an equestrian , has also posted old family portraits and pictures of her as a child with her businessman father . And , despite her privileged upbringing , rather than bragging about her family 's wealth , down-to-earth Sofia prefers posts about baking , horses and her friends . She has also uploaded a string of old photographs from her childhood , many with her 47-year-old father . Roman Abramovich , the 50th richest man in the world , divorced her mother Irina in 2007 , which saw the former air hostess receive a record settlement said to be at least £ 1billion . Abramovich then went on to marry Dasha Zhukova , 33 , and has since had two more children .