Eden Hazard needs to become more selfish if he wants to be considered alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi , according to Manchester United legend Paul Scholes . The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title after another impressive season , which has seen him emerge as favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award . Despite scoring 13 goals and making eight assists in 32 appearances , Scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to be more ruthless to be compared with the world 's best players . Eden Hazard celebrates scoring the winner against Manchester United as Chelsea close in on the title . The Chelsea playmaker is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award this season . Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- left -RRB- and Lionel Messi are recognised as the world 's two best players - ahead of Hazard . ` One thing I do wonder with Hazard is whether he has that hunger to score goals that you see in Ronaldo , Messi and -LSB- Luis -RSB- Suarez , ' Scholes wrote in The Independent . ` Those are players who have a ferocious appetite to put the ball in the net . They 're unstoppable . Hazard seems to me to be a relatively gentle soul . One who is just as happy skipping past a couple of opponents and putting it on a plate for a team-mate . ` He does that very well , and I have no doubt he will deserve his accolade at the PFA awards . Playing the way he does , under pressure to score goals and make them , is not easy and he has been a big part of Chelsea 's success . ` But in this modern age , if he wishes to challenge the achievements of Messi and Ronaldo then he will have to prove that he can match their relentless desire to score goals . ' Chelsea fans show their appreciation for the Belgium international at Stamford Bridge . Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes -LRB- right -RRB- believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless . Nonetheless , Scholes says he would vote for Hazard as PFA Player of the Year ahead of Tottenham striker Harry Kane - who has netted 30 goals in all competitions during his breakthrough season . Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea , Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez , Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho and Hazard 's team-mate Diego Costa are also in the running . ` My vote would go to Hazard , ' Scholes added . ` I prefer the attacking footballers -- you would n't expect me to say otherwise -- and Hazard has been the best in that regard . ` Not streets ahead of the likes of Harry Kane , and nothing like the wow-factor of those two big players at Barcelona and Real Madrid . But Hazard has made the difference in big games , like the one against Manchester United . '