Having a Waitrose within walking distance is not only convenient -- it also means your house is worth more , according to a study . Homes with the upmarket store nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or £ 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch . But having a budget store such as an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood . Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or £ 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch . But having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less . In a study published today , Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby , to see how they compared to the wider postal region . Houses in areas with a Waitrose cost an average of £ 354,378 -- which was £ 38,831 -LRB- 12 per cent -RRB- more than typical prices for their regions . Sainsbury 's also delivered a big boost to residents , as properties near the store were worth 10 per cent more -LRB- £ 24,506 -RRB- than ones in the surrounding area that were n't near a branch . The price of having a supermarket on your doorstep : Waitrose scores highest - and Aldi the lowest . Tesco came in next , with a price premium of 8 per cent -LRB- £ 17,125 -RRB- , followed by Marks & Spencer , on 7 per cent -LRB- £ 18,786 -RRB- . But the presence of an Aldi nearby was associated with house prices that were 3 per cent -LRB- £ 5,910 -RRB- lower compared to the wider postal region . And houses close to a Lidl cost 2 per cent -LRB- £ 4,719 -RRB- less . ` It was mainly the views that attracted us to the property ' Meanwhile houses near several different stores enjoyed the highest price premiums . Researchers found that homes in Clifton , Bristol -- which enjoy access to a Waitrose , a Sainsbury 's and a Co-op -- cost £ 392,961 on average . This is 64 per cent -LRB- £ 153,488 -RRB- more than in nearby areas . And homes in Didsbury , a suburb in Manchester that boasts an Aldi , a Co-op and a Tesco , typically cost £ 239,595 , which is 61 per cent or £ 91,096 more than houses in the surrounding area . Waitrose has carefully cultivated its upmarket image , proving popular with middle and high income families . But the research raises the question of whether a neighbourhood already had more expensive homes -- encouraging the store to build a branch near its target customers -- or if it was the store 's presence that boosted the area . Similarly , Aldi and Lidl , who have become popular as budget rivals to the big chains , have managed to keep prices low by locating branches in areas that were already cheaper , such as on the edge of towns .