A teenager who was dragged from a bus stop and brutally raped has broken her silence in a bid to catch the man who tried to murder her in the horrific attack . The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month . The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight 's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams . West Yorkshire police have released a new e-fit of an attacker who left a teenager for dead after a savage attack at a bus stop . The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight 's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams . In the programme , she describes how she was waiting for the bus home in the Beeston area of Leeds last month . She was grabbed by the man , who is still at large , and pushed into the garden . There she was bludgeoned several times over the head with a large stone before being raped and left for dead . In the programme , she describes waiting for the bus home when she was grabbed by the man , who is still at large , and pushed into the garden . There she was bludgeoned several times over the head with a large stone before being raped and left for dead . The victim told Crimewatch : ` Then it was getting dark . I went to the bus stop . I was waiting for a bus to go home . ` I have n't been able to stop thinking about what happened . I 've stopped sleeping because I can see what happened when I am trying to sleep . ' He is described as being of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin , in his early twenties and slim with a receding hairline . West Yorkshire Police are treating the crime as a rape and attempted murder , and are scouring the area for clues as to his whereabouts . This is the blood-stained rock used by a rapist to hit his 18-year-old victim over the head 20 times before sexually assaulting her in a harrowing attack . A map showing the areas of Leeds , where the rapist had been stalking women on the night of the attack . CCTV from earlier the same evening on March 6 shows a man of the same description stalking three other women elsewhere in the city . The force have since released a new e-fit of the attacker , based on the victim 's description . The morphed image uses the previous e-fit and the description given by one of the women he was caught following . Detective Superintendent Nick Wallen said : ` We believe this new image is the most realistic likeness we have yet had of the man we are still working very hard to identify . ` It has been created from the victim 's description of him and from the recollection of one of the women he stalked in the period leading up to the attack . ` I would ask people to study it very closely alongside the other elements of description that we have already released and think hard about whether they know who it is . ' In a graphic CCTV sequence the man is seen dragging the woman from the bus stop and into a garden to rape her . This chilling footage was released by West Yorkshire Police in a bid to trace the man who is wanted for rape and attempted murder . The Crimewatch team filmed in Leeds last week using actors to re-account the harrowing events , including the areas where the three other women has been stalked . The reconstruction , which airs on Crimewatch at 9 pm , will include information from the victim 's police interviews and comments made as she tries to recover from her ordeal . Det Supt Wallen added : ` This was an appalling attack on a young woman where a shocking level of violence was used which could so easily have had fatal consequences . ` It has understandably had a very significant traumatic effect on the victim and that clearly comes across in the emotive comments she has made which feature in tonight 's Crimewatch programme . ` We are very grateful to the local and national media for all the support they have given our ongoing appeals over the last seven weeks . ` Crimewatch is however a particularly prominent platform for the appeal and we are hoping that among its millions of viewers tonight could be someone who has that crucial information that could help us to identify this man . ' The detective added : ` We are hopeful that the woman shown being followed , who we have not yet identified , will come forward as a result of this new appeal . ` Although we are now seven weeks into this investi gation , our resolve to catch this man remains as strong as it was on day one . ` We are continuing to conduct a very wide range of enquiries to identify him and would urge anyone who thinks they know who it might be to contact us immediately . ' A reward of £ 5,000 is offered for any information that leads to the rapist 's arrest and conviction . Anyone with any information is urged to immediately contact West Yorkshire Police .