The Duchess of Cambridge 's baby is due as early as today , it has been revealed . According to one well-placed source , Kate 's real due date is today or tomorrow - which would tie in with comments made by the Duchess herself . Speaking during an engagement in London last month , she said that her second child is due ` mid to late April ' . Scroll down for video . Due today ? The Duchess of Cambridge revealed her baby is due ` mid to late April ' during a visit last month . Kate , 33 , who was touring the Stephen Lawrence Centre in Deptford with Prince William , added : ` Not long to go now . ' Although April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess ' due date , royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such . ` We have n't ever confirmed a due date , ' a Kensington Palace source told MailOnline . ` The Duchess herself said mid to late April and there have been plenty of dates bandied around in the media but we 've never confirmed anything and we never will . ' However , the 25th remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers Ladbrokes , although tomorrow and Friday are also popular and are priced at just 6/1 . The Duchess is currently thought to be staying at Kensington Palace , a short drive from the Lindo Wing at St. Mary 's Hospital where she is due to give birth . Popular : The 25th is the favourite but the Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed . Preparations : The police were seen making final checks ahead of the birth outside the Lindo Wing yesterday . Yesterday , police could be seen searching the area in preparation for the Duchess ' arrival and were seen peering under traffic cones and taking lamp posts apart . According to a statement released by Kensington Palace the same day , the new baby 's father , Prince William , has finished his Air Ambulance training early and will now avoid the two-hour dash from Norfolk that some had predicted . ` The Duke of Cambridge has completed the first phase of his in-work air ambulance helicopter pilot training with Bond Air Services earlier than anticipated , ' the statement read . ` This is due to a combination of The Duke performing well in the various modules and having very good flying conditions that allowed flight training and assessment to progress more quickly than had been planned . ` As he now will not have any further training to complete after returning from paternity leave , he will not return to duties with Bond until that time , and will remain on unpaid leave until then . ' Fans : Royal fans have also set up camp outside the hospital , among them Terry Hut , 71 . Ready to go : The scenes outside the hospital are reminiscent of those seen for Prince George in 2013 . Back in town : The Palace has said Prince Harry will be in London this weekend before returning to Australia . But concerns have been raised about the possibility of the royal birth clashing with official events to mark the centenary of the Dardanelles campaign , with Prince William due to attend a wreath-laying service at the Cenotaph on Saturday . The ceremony , which is also being held to mark ANZAC Day , will be mirrored by another taking place in Turkey which is due to be attended by the Prince of Wales and Prince Harry . Kensington Palace have also said that rather than return directly to Australia , where he is currently taking part in training exercises with the Australian Defence Force , Harry will briefly travel back to London instead . Harry will attend Sunday 's London Marathon , which , according to Palace sources , is a long-standing commitment but one that could be confirmed only after his Australian army schedule had been firmed up .