From identical shirts to shaving razors , deodorant and even children 's chocolate , a new website has exposed that Australian women are paying more than men for the same everyday consumer goods . Since campaigning group GetUp launched The Gender Price Gap website last week , members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more . Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits , advertising a button-up shirt , that comes in both ` summer blue ' and ` blue denim ' colour options , on their Australian website for $ 59.95 . GetUp 's new website , The Gender Price Gap , has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women . This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men . However , the exact same shirt advertised under the men 's clothing section is advertised for only $ 49.95 . Other examples highlighted on the website , which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females , highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further . While some might argue that they do n't mind paying an additional few cents now and again , GetUp 's senior campaigner , Kelsey Cooke , told Daily Mail Australia that the costs accumulate significantly over a number of years . ` I do n't mind paying an extra 60 cents for whatever item it might be that I like , but when you think about it in terms of weekly and yearly costs , it 's hundreds or even thousands of dollars more than my partner would be paying - even if we had the same shopping list , ' Ms Cooke said . Other examples highlighted on the website , which show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females , highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further . Kinder Surprise chocolate eggs , for instance , which were advertised on Coles ' website for $ 2.20 , have a pink packaged ` girls ' version for $ 2.30 . Meanwhile a packet of five Gillette disposable razors for women was photographed costing $ 4.50 at a supermarket while the men 's version , a packet of 10 disposables identical in everything but colour , cost $ 8.91 . The reason for the 1c price difference per razor remains a mystery . When asked why companies would charge women more for the same items , Ms Cooke said there were two answers that GetUp had considered . While some might argue that they do n't mind paying an additional few cents now and again , GetUp 's senior campaigner , Kelsey Cooke , told Daily Mail Australia that the costs accumulate significantly over the years . A children 's mechanic set , sold by the same company , differs greatly in price . But is there really a difference ? ` One is the idea that men 's products are thought of as the standard product - the neutral or base product - but the women 's version is usually a `` special '' version or a side product . It all comes down to a theory being debated , that women are considered `` the other '' and different , and thus it being OK to charge a premium for the product even if it 's no different , ' she said . ` The other reason is that they 're probably just able to get away with it . I 'm not privy to the conversations going on in these organisations , so I 'm not sure , but I dare say that if they can find a way to make a profit on women 's products by making them cost more , then they 'll probably continue doing it . ' Ms Cooke said that GetUp launched the website due to its interest in protesting against the gender pay gap , while drawing inspiration from similar campaigns being launched overseas . ` We know that the gender pay gap is growing at the moment and that it 's only getting worse - right now it 's at 18.8 per cent , and there 's also a big superannuation gap so it 's been on our members ' minds for quite some time . We 've also been hearing more examples about the cultural pressures for women to buy more products , ' Ms Cooke said . Ms Cooke said that GetUp launched the website due to its interest in protesting against the gender pay gap , while drawing inspiration from similar campaigns being launched overseas . ` In France and the U.S. in particular , campaigns have started around the `` women 's tax '' and we were curious to see if this was something Australian women were also experiencing , ' Ms Cooke said . ` In France and the U.S. in particular , campaigns have started around the `` women 's tax '' and we were curious to see if this was something Australian women were also experiencing . ' The Gender Price Gap website aims to engage Australian women in the global conversation that is taking place around the ` pink tax ' and encourage them to share their own experiences of the ` price gap ' while seeing whether it 's something they are interested in campaigning about . Ms Cooke warned that price differences were not always obvious due to items for different genders being held in different isles or floors , adding : ` it only becomes visible when you pay attention to it ' . ` We 've had a couple of submissions and we are starting to get a lot of attention drawn to the site , particularly in the last 48 hours , so we do expect the list to increase , ' she said . The Gender Price Gap website aims to engage Australian women in the global conversation that is taking place around the ` pink tax ' , and encourage them to share their own experiences of the ` price gap ' while seeing whether it 's something they are interested in campaigning about . Haircuts were mentioned by a number of social media users on GetUp 's website for having a huge difference in price for men and women .