The rampant Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour , polling showed last night . Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout . Jim Murphy , its Scottish leader , and Douglas Alexander , its chief election strategist , are among those on course to lose their seats . Jim Murphy -LRB- left -RRB- , Labour 's Scottish leader , and Douglas Alexander -LRB- right -RRB- , the party 's chief election strategist could lose their seats . The nationalists are also on course to wipe out the Liberal Democrats in Scotland , with even Charles Kennedy , their popular former leader , now 15 points behind in his Highlands constituency . The survey of eight constituencies , by Lord Ashcroft , revealed swings to the SNP on a scale which would be unprecedented in modern European politics . The survey suggests Labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010 . Tactical anti-SNP voting by supporters of other parties could save some . There are 59 seats in Scotland . Mr Murphy is nine points behind in his East Renfrewshire seat with the SNP buoyed by leader Nicola Sturgeon 's strong performance in two TV debates . That means there has been a 26.5 per cent swing away from Labour since 2010 . Labour conceded that ` no gloss ' could be put on the polls and warned that if the findings become reality then ` David Cameron will walk back into Downing Street again ' . Conor Pope , of party supporters ' website LabourList , said : ` If previous Ashcroft constituency polling in Scotland could be described as an earthquake , the poll the Tory peer had dropped this afternoon will require an entirely different word . A cataclysm perhaps . ` If this is an earthquake it 's certainly not the kind that rattles the windows in the middle of the night , it 's the sort that razes whole cities . ` If Lord Ashcroft 's polling is correct , there 's a risk that Jim Murphy could lose his seat to the SNP . At the last poll he had a slender one point lead over the SNP , that has now turned in a matter of weeks into a nine-point lead for the SNP . That 's well outside the margin of error . The rampant Scottish National Party , led by Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has extended its lead over Labour . ` What was once a Labour/Tory marginal could well fall to the forces of separatism . Such a result would be a painful -- almost existential -- blow to a Scottish Labour Party that is already battered and bruised . ' Yesterday , Mr Murphy launched a desperate attempt to regain support by abandoning his Blairite views in a bid to win over left-wing voters . Mr Murphy unveiled Labour 's Scottish election manifesto in Glasgow as he declared ` the party of John Smith and the party of Donald Dewar is back in business ' . Overlooking the Tony Blair ` New Labour ' era , during which he served as a minister , he allowed retiring Labour MP David Hamilton to whip the crowd into a frenzy by attacking Margaret Thatcher and laying into the SNP with the battle cry : ` They are nationalists , we are socialists . ' Mr Murphy himself vowed to introduce socialist-style ` redistributive ' policies , as he accused the SNP of stealing Labour 's clothes .