Strangers from around Minnesota flocked to a ten-year-old girl 's birthday party , after several of her classmates did n't respond to their invitations , in hopes of giving her a celebration she 'll never forget . Mackenzie Moretter , who has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development , which makes it hard for her to socialize , told her parents she wanted a ` big-girl party ' for her tenth birthday . This meant inviting friends , but after her parents sent invitations to Mackenzie 's classmates and heard no response , her mother Jenny Moretter took a different approach . Jenny Moretter went on Facebook and posted in a few local groups asking families with girls around Mackenzie 's age to stop by their Shakopee home on Saturday - and the response was overwhelming . Scroll down for video . Mackenzie Moretter , of Shakopee , Minnesota , had a tenth birthday party on Saturday that she 'll never forget after hundreds of strangers showed up to celebrate with her . Mackenzie 's parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates , but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP . So Mackenzie 's mother went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls Mackenzie 's age to stop by their family home to celebrate . ` I want so much for much for Mackenzie to belong and for her to have friends and people to accept her for who she is , ' Jenny Moretter told CBS Minnesota . Mackenzie told KSMP that she is often by herself on the playground , saying that ` kids do n't want to play me ' . Her mother said that kids seem to like Mackenzie , but they do n't seem to socialize with her . But after not getting RSVPs and having families of Mackenzie 's fourth-grade classmates cancel , she wanted to do something about it . ` I thought to myself , it is not going to happen again this year , ' Jenny Moretter said about her daughter who was diagnosed with Sotos Syndrome when she was one year old , and her skull did n't form completely , causing brain damage . She received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined an event titled , ` Mackenzie 's Birthday Party ' Strangers of all ages showed up at a Shakopee park on Saturday to celebrate Mackenzie 's tenth birthday . People came with gifts , food , chairs and even a banner that read , ` Happy Birthday Mackenzie ' to be hung from the sheltered area in the park . She hoped that with her Facebook posts that she would get comments from people wishing her daughter a happy birthday and a few families would show up to her family 's house . ` I honestly thought it would be a matter of a few other moms out there who I touched their heartstrings , ' she told CBS . But to her surprise , more than 700 people joined a Facebook event she titled ` Mackenzie 's Birthday Party ' . Mackenzie 's dad , Matt Moretter , was just as surprised as his wife . ` Jenny was hoping to get ten girls to show up and all of a sudden this happened , ' Matt Moretter told Buzzfeed . ` We had hundreds of people arrive on Saturday . ' Mackenzie blew out the candles and helped her mom cut her Frozen-themed birthday cake . Cupcakes and other goodies were also supplied at the party . Shakopee Mayor issued a proclamation announcing that Saturday would be Mackenzie Moretter Day in the city , giving the girl a signed certificate of the declaration . Mackenzie made new friends of all ages throughout the day . She said before the party that kids at her school do n't want to play with her so she 's often by herself on the playground . The party was moved to a local park , where city officials offered to host the family . People of all ages came with gifts , food , party favors and even a banner that read , ` Happy Birthday Mackenzie ' . Local companies donated food and people brought chairs to the area , and even a woman dressed as Elsa from Frozen showed up to celebrate . And Shakopee Mayor issued a proclamation announcing that Saturday would be Mackenzie Moretter Day , giving the girl a signed certificate of the declaration . Matt Moretter said the day was ` amazing ' , and he learned that his family was not alone in the birthday scenario they experienced . One family -LRB- left -RRB- stopped by to give Mackenzie flowers , while a woman dressed as Elsa from Frozen -LRB- right -RRB- also made an appearance . Mackenzie appeared to be all smiles throughout the day on Saturday . Hundreds of people came out to celebrate with her . ` There were so many people who had similar stories to ours that we got to meet , ' Matt Moretter told Buzzfeed . And Jenny Moretter again went to Facebook to thank all of the people who touched her family and made Mackenzie 's birthday a day she would n't forget . ` I 'm overwhelmed with emotions , my heart has been touched by so many stories similar to mine or just people wishing her a Happy Birthday , ' she said . She added : ` I will never be able to thank you all enough for your kindness . ` I will not remember all your names or I may forget what was said or done but just know I am so incredibly grateful and blessed that you cared about my daughter . Love to all . ' Families played games and socialized at the Shakopee Memorial Park . Mackenzie had the chance to make friends from all over during the party . A camera crew showed up at one point during the day to interview young Mackenzie and see how she was enjoying her big day . FOX9 News took a group photo in front of a sign wishing Mackenzie a happy birthday and posted it to Twitter in celebration of the day 's events .