A family have claimed the body of an infant who was discovered deceased and buried on a Sydney beach last year , in order to give her a proper funeral . On November 30 , 2014 , two young boys were playing on Maroubra Beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand . Now locals Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant 's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . ` We 're local and my husband is a police officer and he 's worked with many of the officers investigating it , ' Ms D'Alessandro told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach -LRB- pictured -RRB- on November 30 , 2014 . Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant 's remains , who they have named Lily Grace , in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . ` Above all as a mother I wanted to do something for that little girl , ' she added . Since January the couple , who were married last year and have three children between them , have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a ` destitute burial ' . ` The most frustrating part has been the wait and we did n't know when it was going to happen . ' With the help of the local community they managed to raise enough funds to provide the baby girl , who they have named Lily Grace , with a funeral , even though they were ` prepared to pay for the funeral on our own ' . Ms D'Alessandro said the Maroubra community were rocked by the discovery of the little girl 's body last year . ` It 's terrible , we had just heard about the other baby who had been dumped the week before in Quakers Hill . Despite a lengthy investigation NSW Police were unable to locate the family of the abandoned baby . The ` very small ' infant was dug up about 50 metres away from the closest footpath leading off the beach . Lifeguards assisted police at the crime scene : Officers dressed in full protective gear and masks removed the body at about 1 pm . ` And to have it happen in Maroubra , it was just so shocking , ' she said . A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park , and Ms D'Alessandro and Mr Green have asked anyone still wishing to donate to instead give money to the Royal Women 's Hospital . They will also be collecting funds from the Maroubra woman 's workplace at Raine and Horne , and at the service this week to go towards the hospital . ` I think it 's going to be very lovely , everyone 's come together to put it together , ' Ms D'Alessandro said of the upcoming funeral . The body of the baby girl , whose mother was never found , was discovered by two boys aged six and seven who were playing in the sand after their Nippers session . Aged six and seven , the two boys found the ` very small ' infant while digging in the sand during their weekly Sunday morning session at the southern end of Maroubra Beach in Sydney 's eastern suburbs . Maroubra Surf Life Saving is providing counselling for the two boys who discovered the body as well as other surf club members . At the time Inspector Andrew Holland urged the mother of the child to come forward and seek medical assistance . For some time the sex and age of the child was unable to be determined due to decompostion . Police were called to the scene at about 10:05 am on November 30 to investigate the ` suspicious ' incident . Officers dressed in full protective gear and masks removed the body by about 1 pm on the same day . At the time Inspector Andrew Holland urged the mother of the child to come forward and seek medical assistance . Police are also trawled through hospital , and deaths , births and marriages records in the hope of identifying the baby . The grisly discovery came just over a week after a newborn boy was found abandoned in a 2.4 metre deep drain in Quakers Hill . A post mortem examination will be conducted to establish the cause of the child 's death . Patrol Captain for Maroubra Surf Life Saving , Phil Dutton , said a lot of suspicious activity happens on the south end of Maroubra Beach and called for the installation of CCTV cameras . The mayor of Randwick City Council , Ted Seng , said : ` South Maroubra is one of our more isolated beaches , but it is patrolled by Randwick Council Lifeguards and volunteer surf life savers from South Maroubra Surf Life Saving Club ' There are also serious concerns for the wellbeing of the two young boys who found the decomposed remains . ` It 's horrible , just awful , ' a witness , Monica , said . ` The under six Nippers were digging in the sand and they found it , ' one surf lifesaver , who did not wish to be named , told Daily Mail Australia . ` It 's just awful . It will have traumatised the poor the kids for life , no matter how much counselling they get . ' ` It hits so close to home . Especially after that baby was found in a drain last week , ' the lifesaver added . Maroubra Surf Life Saving is providing counselling for the two boys who discovered the body , as well as other surf club members . The surf lifesaver also mentioned that the far south and north ends of the beach can be troublesome areas , saying that the lack of light or any kind of surveillance meant they attracted some questionable behaviour . To donate to the cause visit the everyday hero page or go directly to the Royal Women 's Hospital .