Mark McCall believes neutral territory offers Saracens hope of toppling mighty Clermont to reach a second successive European final . Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of Sunday 's showdown with Racing Metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to St Etienne 's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18 . Awaiting in the Champions Cup semi-finals are Clermont , who are bristling with confidence after their remarkable 37-5 rout of runaway Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton . Marcelo Bosch launches a long range penalty towards the posts with the final act of Saracens ' quarter-final . The Argentinian centre is then mobbed by his team-mates after landing the match-winning kick . However , McCall believes that facing Clermont outside of their Stade Marcel-Michelin stronghold , where they have not lost in Europe since 2008 , is a different proposition . ` Given Clermont 's home record , it 's bit of a relief to be playing them on neutral territory . We 're still going to France , but it 's not quite the same as going to their own ground , ' McCall said . Saracens ' prospects against the Top 14 's second-placed team are likely to be improved by the return of centre Brad Barritt from an ankle injury , while there is an outside chance fly-half Owen Farrell could recover from his knee problem in time . ` We have some pretty tough fixtures coming up - Leicester next Saturday is a massive game for us and after Clermont we have Northampton in the Premiership , ' McCall said . ` We have some players coming back and will have to spread the load during this period . Brad should be back for the Champions Cup semi-final , Owen is touch and go . ' Northampton 's players look shell-shocked after they were demolished by Clermont Auvergne . Saracens hardly sent shockwaves across the continent after dispatching Racing in an arm wrestle decided by Bosch 's nerveless penalty , but McCall insists the result is all that matters . ` Sometimes the games are the way they are and we must n't over analyse these things , ' McCall said . ` We 've come away to France and played a big , strong , very good team with outstanding half-backs , but we 've won . ` We should n't worry too much about how we won , but just that we won and reached our third consecutive semi-final in this tough competition . That says a lot about the players we have . ` When you look at Ronan O'Gara at Munster and Jonny Sexton at Leinster , they lost quarters and semis over the years before they started winning them . Mark McCall watches on as Charlie Hodgson warms up before Sunday 's dramatic European win . ` We lost the quarter to Clermont four years ago and the semis to Toulon two years ago , and you saw out there that Racing did n't really know how to win the game . ` They had this big strong wind they did n't use because of the pressure they were under , and that was down to our team . ' Racing 's Jamie Roberts expects to end speculation over his future this week with the British and Irish Lions centre likely to sign a dual contract in Wales . ` Hopefully it will be sorted this week . I do n't want to say anything until it 's sorted , ' Roberts said .