A group of Chelsea fans stormed Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium this week in a lighthearted attempt to lay a blue marker down as the Premier League clubs prepare to do battle on Sunday . The four fans labelled themselves the ` C-Team ' while wearing Jose Mourinho , Diego Costa , Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks to hide their identity before parking up outside Arsenal 's north London home . As the famous A-Team soundtrack kicks in , a narrator claims : ` In 2004 , a Portuguese general known as the special one put together a crack commando unit . The group of Chelsea fans set off blue smoke bombs and covered the Arsenal sign outside the Emirates . A man in a Jose Mourinho mask looks to the camera during the Chelsea Fans Channel prank . One of the men , wearing a Diego Costa mask , celebrates as blue smoke hits the red side of London . ` These men dominated the Premier League from their west London underground . ` Today 's mission : To bring a touch of class to the war-torn area known only as the Emirates . ` If you have a problem and no once else can help , maybe you can hire the C-Team . ' The two-minute clip then shows the Blues fans displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete Arsenal sign before it eventually reads ` Chelsea ' . Several blue smoke bombs are then released by the practical jokers before they make a swift exit in their white van . The four practical jokers carry the blue and white letters as they look to make their mark in north London . The group of prankster called themselves the ` C-Team ' as they carried out their ` mission ' Unfortunately for the pranksters , their hard work was on show for all of 10 minutes before club staff came out and took the ` Chelsea ' boards down . The Chelsea Fans Channel prank comes just days before Mourinho 's side travel to the Emirates in search of what will be a crucial three points . The Blues know victory against Arsenal on Sunday will all-but secure the Premier League title with Mourinho 's side needing two wins from their next two games . Their hard work lasted just 10 minutes before being taken down by Emirates Stadium staff .