A surge in support for the SNP has left Labour facing electoral wipe-out north of the border next month . With the nationalists on course to win up to 50 seats in May , Labour finally had something to celebrate today -- but only in a charity penalty shoot out . Labour 's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories in Edinburgh . Labour 's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories in Edinburgh today . Today 's match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . The match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . MND patient , campaigner and founder of GordonsFightback.com Gordon Aikman refereed the Show Motor Neurone Disease the Red Card ' event at Spartan 's Community Football Academy . Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago and has raised over £ 250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign ` Gordon 's Fightback ' . MND patient , campaigner and founder of GordonsFightback.com Gordon Aikman refereed the Show Motor Neurone Disease the Red Card ' event at Spartan 's Community Football Academy . Before the game , David Cameron insisted -- like in the upcoming election -- the Tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory . But Labour narrowly won 3-2 , with Mr Murphy scoring the winning goal . People can donate to the campaign through GordonsFightback.com or texting ` MNDS85 £ 5 ' to 70070 . Before the game , David Cameron insisted -- like in the upcoming election -- the Tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory . He said : ` I 'm confident the Conservatives can pull off a win not only on the football pitch today but on polling day too . Whichever team wins today all of us agree that we need to show MND the red card . ` Gordon Aikman is an inspiration . The impact of his incredible campaign will have a positive impact for generations to come . ' But Labour leader Ed Miliband said the shoot-out was ` not the first time that the Conservatives have been put on the spot ' . He added : ` Just like all the other times , I 'm confident Labour will win . ' Despite the light-hearted digs , the shoot out 's organiser Mr Aikman welcomed the brief lull in hostilities between the two parties . Mr Murphy lunges in to tackle his Tory opponent in today 's charity game to raise money in the fight against Motor Neurone Disease . Tory MSP Gavin Brown -LRB- left -RRB- motor neurone sufferer Gordon Aikman -LRB- centre -RRB- and the Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy -LRB- right -RRB- ahead of today 's game . He said : ` To see politicians put aside their differences to help people with MND means a lot . ` Whatever the score and whoever ends up in Number 10 we need to guarantee that creating a world free from MND is a top priority . ` It 'll be too late for me , but we can and we must find a cure for future generations . Please donate what you can at GordonsFightback.com or by texting MNDS85 £ 5 to 70070 . ' Chief Executive of Motor Neurone Disease Scotland , Craig Stockton , added : ` This event demonstrates that no matter who you want to see as Prime Minister after 7th May , the fight to find a cure for MND cuts across the political divide .