HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 . The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- £ 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming . It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch . Scroll down for video . HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 . The announcement comes weeks after Apple cut the price of its Apple TV device from $ 99 -LRB- £ 65 -RRB- to $ 69 -LRB- £ 45 -RRB- in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of Google Chromecast . HBO NOW 's official iPhone and iPad app is also rolling out on the App Store today , according to MacRumours , and should become available for all users by the end of the day . After subscribing to HBO NOW through Apple TV or an iOS device , users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix . However , it will only be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms . New York-based HBO , a unit of Time Warner , has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription . New York-based HBO , a unit of Time Warner , has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription until now . The service will be available for iOS devices along with Apple TV set-top box , providing access to shows like Game of Thrones -LRB- left -RRB- and the Sopranos -LRB- right -RRB- . Price : It available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- £ 9.90 -RRB- . The first month is free for early-bird subscribers . Launch date : Today . Devices : Apple TV and on Phones and iPads from three months exclusively . it will then move on to other web-based systems . What can you watch ? All past , present and future HBO programming . This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and Sex in the City . Where can you watch it ? Outside the US , HBO programmes are available through online and pay TV subscription services , such as Sky . The HBO Now service however , is currently only available in the US . The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally . With HBO Now , the company is aiming to reach people who have broadband access but do n't want to pay for a traditional TV package of dozens of other channels . For the monthly fee , viewers will be able to get HBO content without having to pay for an entire cable package , the company said . The first month is free for early-bird subscribers , the company added . ` This is a transformative moment for HBO , ' said chief executive Richard Pepler after an introduction from Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook . The service will ship with the Apple TV in the US , which is now at a lower price of $ 69 -LRB- £ 45 -RRB- . The price cut is a reaction to devices such as the Google Chromecast having lowered their price to $ 35 and Roku 2 costing just $ 70 . Time Warner said it wants to push its HBO Now service to the 10 million broadband households that are not subscribed to a cable TV bundle service . It is also targeting the 70 million US cable TV subscribers who are n't HBO subscribers . Outside the US , HBO shows are available through online and pay TV subscription services , such as Sky . They include Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and Sex in the City . The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally . The service will ship with the Apple TV in the US , which is now at a lower price of $ 69 -LRB- £ 45 -RRB- . The price cut is a reaction to devices such as the Google Chromecast having lowered their price to $ 35 and Roku 2 costing just $ 70 . The company has not yet revealed whether HBO Now will be rolled out internationally .