You probably wo n't realise they are coming until it 's too late . Tiny robots , the size of an A4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight . Working together , these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene . Tiny robots , the size of an A4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight . The robots , collectively called Avert , are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece . A ` Autonomous Multi-Robot System for Vehicle Extraction and Transportation ' -LRB- Avert -RRB- computer first selects a vehicle to be moved after cameras have mapping the area in detail . The Avert system then works by sending a deployment unit to scan the area again and identify new potential obstacles . Once this has been done , bogies deploy from the depolyment unit and are tracked to a target vehicle , where they dock onto the wheels and lift the car . The robots , collectively called Avert , are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece . These bogies are fitted with on-board sensors , including two lasers and a digital camera . The sensors help the Avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention , while avoiding obstacles . While the system may seem creepy , it could have important applications for bomb disposal teams . Researchers envisage the system being used by the police to remove suspicious vehicles , potentially rigged with explosives , from within buildings . ` Current methods of bomb disruption and neutralisation are hindered in the event that the device is shielded , blocked or for whatever reason can not be accessed for examination , ' the researcher wrote on their site . Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders . Intel has shown of a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist . At the chip giant 's developers forum in China , Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband . He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans . The robots were powered by Curie , a computer the size of a button developed by Intel . ` The Intel Curie module is a tiny hardware product based on the Intel Quark SE system chip , which is the company 's first purpose-built system on a chip for wearable devices , ' the firm said . It contains Bluetooth low-energy radio , sensors and battery charging technologies . Krzanich said that there 's a dedicated sensor hub processor and pattern classification engine that allows it , for example , to identify different sporting activities quickly and precisely . ` Avert can provide an autonomous capability to remove blocking vehicles which is not currently available . ' Other uses could include removing cars parked in a tight spot or helping vehicles move within a car park without a driver . The team has been working on the technology since 2012 and believes a production model could be ready by next year . They will be showcasing the system at the upcoming International Conference on Robotics and Automation -LRB- ICRA2015 -RRB- on May 26th to 30th in Seattle . Working together , these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target . The team has been working on the technology since 2012 and says a production model could be ready in 2016 .