The Oyston family served to form a further wedge between themselves and Blackpool 's fans after a pensioner was forced to pay a staggering £ 20,000 in damages for allegations made online . Frank Knight , a lifelong supporter of the Seasiders , was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year . Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son , chairman Karl . Blackpool fans vent their disgust at the Oyston family , who own the club , last week . Supporters have been protesting against the Oystons before matches and then not attending the games . Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online . Karl Oyston is to soon find out his fate for branding a fan a ` retard ' before Christmas , telling him to ` enjoy your special needs day out ' and claiming he was banned from the ground because he was a ` p **** ' . Blackpool 's recent history has been entrenched in bitter disputes off the pitch , with paying customers regularly protesting at the ownership of their club . That was compounded last week when Lee Clark and his team 's relegation to League One was confirmed . Dozens pelted the Bloomfield Road reception with eggs and flares before their draw against Reading last Tuesday . Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston speaks on his mobile phone during Tuesday 's draw with Reading . Owner Owen Oyston watches the match huddled under a blanket in the stands . Blackpool fan Frank Knight posted an apology on a supporters ' messageboard on Thursday . A group also travelled to the Oyston home near Waddington , Lancashire on Sunday to vent their fury . Members of the family stood within the grounds and watched as they protested in front of the gates . And Knight 's apology will only serve to exasperate the problem further . Posting on a fans ' messageboard , the pensioner said : ` I now regret making these allegations , I fully accept that they are false and I wish to sincerely apologise for them and also for the harm , distress and financial losses my comments have caused both BFC and the Oystons and I wish to unreservedly withdraw them . ` I accept that my publication of the allegations on Facebook and in a manner which is readily accessible to users constitutes a very serious libel . It has injured the reputation of the Oystons and has caused them considerable embarrassment and distress . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . Broken eggs on the floor outside Bloomfield Road . ` It has damaged their reputation in business and it is considered to be grossly defamatory of the position of the Oystons within the Club , within the football hierarchy and within the football community in general , as well as within the local community for it to be even suggested that either or both of the Oystons were not only aware of such alleged activities but also that either or both of the Oystons actually condoned them . ` In recognition of this , I have agreed with their suggestion that I should pay to BFC , by way of damages , costs , disbursements and interest and in full and final settlement of all matters in issue between myself and BFC and the Oystons , the sum of £ 20,000.00 . ` After a frank discussion with the Oystons , I acknowledge that they are both genuine fans of BFC and they and their families have only the best interests of BFC at heart . I recognise that BFC is now in a significantly healthier situation than when the Oyston family first became involved in it . I note that the combined net assets value at cost of Segesta and BFC were £ 32 million as at May 2014 , compared with - £ 42,000 as at May 1987 , when the Oystons took over BFC . I accept the Oyston family 's main objective is and always has been , for the financial stability and success for and of BFC . ' Blackpool and Mr Knight offered no comment when contacted by Sportsmail .