A mother-of-two claims her face was left covered in angry red welts after drinking a bottle of Tesco wine which reeked of bleach . Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi 's 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion . Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach . Mother-of-two Ms Jones , 44 , said : ` It tasted foul . I inspected the bottle and found that the liquid was clear and had bits of mucus and bits floating in it . ` My daughters and mum smelt the liquid and thought it had a faint smell of bleach . We were horrified . ' Despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach . The accountant , from Shropshire , suffers from rare condition pemphigus , which means her immune system is extremely sensitive to certain chemicals and attacks her body leaving serious blisters . The next day she was covered in huge sores and had to be referred to hospital . The bottle , bought from a Tesco branch in Market Weighton , East Yorkshire , was taken back by her mother who demanded it be tested and investigated . She said : ` I felt alarmed , Justine has such a poor immune system we have to be careful really . ' A letter from the supermarket giant said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier . Tesco wrote : ` The technologist acts as a regulator , and will follow it up with the people who make this product for us , as well as keeping an eye on all incoming complaints . ' But Mrs Jones said the response was not good enough . ` I feel awful about their response . They sent me £ 10 and a £ 15 moneycard ' . Justine Jones pictured without the welts . The accountant , from Shropshire , suffers from rare condition pemphigus , which means her immune system is extremely sensitive to certain chemicals and attacks her body leaving serious blisters . ` I was n't looking for money , I wanted a result . I suspected it was cleaning fluid . ' Her daughter added : ` We were incensed . This is particularly worrying as our product had obviously been tampered with and caused me considerable pain . ' A Tesco spokesperson said : ` We 're sorry we let Mrs Jones down with our investigation . We take all complaints extremely seriously , our team will be looking at what went wrong to ensure it does n't happen again . '