A state prosecutor in Detroit made the ill-advised suggestion that Baltimore police should respond to protests gripping the city by shooting everyone involved . Teana Walsh , who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled Maryland city . Walsh an assistant prosecutor in Wayne County , which includes Detroit , aired her point of view late Monday night , Fox2 Detroit reported . Scroll down for video . Controversial : Teana Walsh , pictured above plying her trade in court , made the objectionable post . Kill 'em all : Teana Walsh , an assistant prosecutor in Detroit , Michigan , posted the above to Facebook . ` Flipping disgusting ' ? Walsh suggested deadly force should be used against the violent protesters . She said : ` So I am watching the news in Baltimore and see large swarms of people throwing bricks , etc at police who are fleeing from their assaults ... 15 in the hospital already . ` Solution . Simple . Shoot 'em . Period . End of discussion . ` I do n't care what causes the protestors to turn violent ... what the `` they did it because '' reason is ... no way is this acceptable . Flipping disgusting . ' At least 15 people voiced their approval by ` liking ' the comment . She later changed her mind about the post and deleted it - but not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post . Regret ? Walsh delete the post after seeing the riots in Baltimore , Maryland , on television . Anger : Walsh said that seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot . The outrage prompted Walsh 's bosses to issue a statement defending her , claiming the post was ` completely out of character ' . It said : ` APA Teana Walsh is known for her great work ethic and her compassion for victims of crime and their families . Her post was up on line briefly and she immediately took it down . ` The post was completely out of character for her and certainly does not reflect the person that we know . '