John Carver says Newcastle 's hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club after admitting it is affecting performances on the pitch . The Magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to Spurs last weekend amid an atmosphere of unrest after thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner Mike Ashley . Fans group AshleyOut.com are now encouraging supporters to ` Stand Up To Ashley ' when Swansea visit St James ' Park on Saturday . This will involve a 34th-minute protest in recognition of the £ 34million which was last week revealed to be sitting in the club 's bank . Newcastle interim manager John Carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season . Carver has said he is not afraid about giving his honest opinion on events at St James ' Park . And Carver said : ` We have to find a way of dealing with it and managing the situation because it can only hurt us -- that is the fans and the club . ` We need to find a solution . I do n't know what that is and I have n't had talks about it , but if I get asked my opinion then I would give an honest answer . ` It would be fantastic -LRB- if this was resolved ahead of next season -RRB- . From day one it would be better . That is what we need to do . ' Carver , meanwhile , says his players were affected by the protest during the 3-1 loss against Spurs . ` When I came away from the game I thought about it and the people who were in the stadium were n't quite sure how to react . Some of them were annoyed that people had stayed away , others were delighted . It was strange , ' he said . ` When it all kicked off last year you knew where you stood . This was n't a nice situation to be in , it was uncomfortable . ` There was a lot of apprehension around the place on Sunday . I hear there was anger with each other and people falling out with each other in the stands . That can not help , surely not . ` I thought it did n't affect us during the game , but on reflection I think it did . ' Carver -- who is likely to be replaced by Steve McClaren in the summer - says he has not been told if he will still have a role at the club next season . Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon . At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James ' Park for the club 's last home game against Spurs . However , he hopes that the club make a swift announcement on the future of the managerial position . ` That would be for everyone 's benefit , ' said Carver when asked if the week after the season 's end was the best time to resolve the current uncertainty . ` The fans , myself , everyone could enjoy their summer . I think it will be -LRB- sorted quickly -RRB- because do n't forget the window opens very soon after the season finishes . It has to be done and your recruitment has to be done in that period of time . ' He added : ` I do n't know -LRB- if it will be me -RRB- . I think people understand the situation I 'm in and know what I 'm trying to do . ` Only they -LRB- hierarchy -RRB- know . But every time I get together with them they are positive -- whether that 's to keep me going or they have someone else lined up , I do n't know . ` That does n't affect me , the future will take care of itself . I 'm just concentrating on now . ' The supporters ' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday 's match against Swansea . Fans boycotting the Spurs match hold banners demanding the resignation of Ashley as Newcastle director . Newcastle supporters have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside Sports Direct stores .