Ben Stokes was involved in a war of words with West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels last night after a hard-fought opening day of the second Test . The two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and Samuels later taunted the Durham all-rounder , saying : ` The English boys do n't learn . ' Right-hander Samuels , who is 94 not out after West Indies toiled to 188 for five , said : ` Ben Stokes was basically battling himself because he has just come into cricket while I 've been around for a while . Marlon Samuels says the England players ` do n't learn ' as he found verbal alternations helpful while batting . Ben Stokes is spoken to by umpire Steve Davis after a heated exchange with Samuels , who is 94 not out . Stokes was taunted by Samuels after the match , playing on his experience of 56 Tests to Stokes 's seven . ` Tomorrow I 'll have to tell him something different because he 's not listening to me . He keeps on talking to me and he keeps on motivating me to carry on batting . ` It all depends on how tomorrow goes , ' said Samuels , who then talked of himself in the third person . ` Marlon Samuels with 150 and Ben Stokes with the ball in his hands . It will be very interesting . The English boys do n't learn because whenever they talk to me I continue to score runs ! ' Samuels also had an angry exchange with Jimmy Anderson at Trent Bridge three years ago and went on to score 117 . Samuels smashes a shot through the offside as he approaches a century ahead of day two in Grenada . Samuels claimed inexperienced Stokes is ` battling himself ' and that England ` ca n't help ' talking to him . Samuels was put on his back by Stuart Broad , who bowled too short on day one but got value for this bouncer . Australian umpire Steve Davis had to step in to calm down Stokes and Samuels after the Englishman 's sledging ended with him hurling the ball in frustration to try to run his opponent out and conceding overthrows . Samuels said : ` I ca n't tell you what he said , that 's between umpire and players . But the talk between me and Stokes was nothing big . ' The Jamaican should have been caught by Alastair Cook at slip on 32 off Chris Jordan , who said : ` Stokesy likes to get in a battle and you saw two cricketers going at it for their country so I guess it makes good viewing . ` That kind of stuff makes Stokesy tick . Any time he is in a battle , all of us will back him . It 's good to see two cricketers going at it without crossing the line . ' Stokes had earlier twisted his hip on the greasy outfield and had lengthy treatment . But he recovered to take the key wicket of Shiv Chanderpaul with his second ball . Samuels half-century celebration is subdued as he worked to rebuild the West Indian innings .