The official word from Arsenal is that Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season . Not to Manchester City , not to anyone . Wilshere is one of Arsenal 's own , a product of the fabled Hale End academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough . The reality is that Wilshere will sit with his influential father , Andy , at the end of the season to discuss whether a move to City would enhance his career and not just his bank balance . Jack Wilshere takes on Stoke 's Charlie Ward during the Arsenal U21s game at the Emirates on Tuesday night . Wilshere was making his first appearance for the Gunners since recovering from ankle surgery . Wilshere has not featured for the first team since he was injured against Manchester United on November 22 . The England midfielder lays on the Old Trafford turf dejected after he suffered an ankle injury . Whatever manager Arsene Wenger has to say before Arsenal 's clash with Burnley on Saturday , Wilshere to Manchester City , as revealed in Sportsmail on Wednesday , is undoubtedly in the works . He is on the list of Txiki Begiristain , City 's director of football . At 23 , he is a young English player who could bring down the average age of this City squad -- if they could prise him from the Emirates . It will not be easy . Wilshere has always maintained that he wants to remain at Arsenal for the rest of his career . City , though , offer a fresh start and it is possible that Wilshere needs a change of environment after another frustrating season on the sidelines . England manager Roy Hodgson has preferred to deploy Wilshere in a defensive role for the national team . Manchester City have snapped up several players from Arsenal in recent times , with varying degrees of success . GAEL CLICHY . Transfer fee : £ 7m . Arsenal : 1 Premier League title -LRB- 2003-04 -RRB- , 1 FA Cup -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Man City : 2 Premier League titles -LRB- 2011-12 , 13-14 -RRB- , 1 League Cup -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Verdict : Decent deal . KOLO TOURE . Fee : £ 15m . Arsenal : 1 Premier League title -LRB- 2003-04 -RRB- , 2 FA Cups -LRB- 2003 , 2005 -RRB- . Man City : 1 Premier League title -LRB- 2011-12 -RRB- , 1 FA Cup -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . Verdict : Decent deal . EMMANUEL ADEBAYOR . Fee : £ 25m . Arsenal honours : none . Man City honours : none . Verdict : bad buy . SAMIR NASRI . Fee : £ 24m . Arsenal : none . Man City : 2 Premier League titles -LRB- 2011-12 , 2013-14 -RRB- , 1 League Cup -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Verdict : top transfer . BACARY SAGNA . Fee : free . Arsenal : 1 FA Cup -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Man City : none . Verdict : decent deal . It is also a well-trodden path for Arsenal players in recent seasons , with Emmanuel Adebayor , Samir Nasri , Gael Clichy and Bacary Sagna leaving the rhythmic , first-touch football at the Emirates for super-sized salaries at City . It is not an easy decision , particularly with the vulgar salaries on offer at the Etihad and the inevitable accusations of being a mercenary , but this is key moment in Wilshere 's career . The midfielder is already paid handsomely -- £ 130,000 a week all in when he starts for Arsenal -- but injuries are a constant source of frustration for Wilshere . He has not played a first-team game for Arsenal since November 22 , when he was substituted 55 minutes into the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United at the Emirates with an ankle injury . In the past , Wilshere has been built up too soon , championed as a future Arsenal and England captain when he has yet to even make 100 starts for his club in the Barclays Premier League . Even former England captain Steven Gerrard claimed he had the ability to become one of the best midfielders in the world before he played Brazil at Wembley in February 2013 . ` Jack 's got a bit of everything . He can tackle , pass , get up and down the pitch , create a goal or score a goal , ' said Gerrard at the time . ` He ticks almost every box , and he 's going to get better and better . He has the potential to become one of the best in the world . ` I do n't want to put any pressure on him , but having played against him and seen him in training , he 's a one-off . He 's a lot better than your normal Premier League midfielder . ' The truth is that Wilshere needs time , room to breathe again after being championed ever since he scored that magnificent goal for Arsenal 's reserve team against West Ham at Barnet 's Underhill Stadium in 2008 . Wenger was there that night , grinning with approval in the stands after the 16-year-old 's curling left-foot effort confirmed his status as one of the club 's rising stars . He earned instant comparison to Liam Brady . Gael Clichy -LRB- left -RRB- and Samir Nasri are just two Gunners who have left for Manchester City in recent seasons . Arsene Wenger 's side are currently second in the Premier League and face Burnley on Saturday . Since then Wilshere has made the grade with the first team , an established member of a core group of players who are enjoying the club 's soothing possession football . On present form Arsenal are the best team to watch in the Premier League and Wilshere , recovering from his latest injury , would dearly love to be part of it . Although dad Andy is a West Ham fan , his son is Arsenal through and through , as he demonstrated after last season 's dramatic victory over Hull City in the FA Cup . During the victory parade , just hours before he joined up with the England squad to begin preparations for the World Cup in Brazil , he mischievously grabbed the microphone to ask the fans : ` What do you think of Tottenham ? ' The answer was well-publicised at the time , but the more pertinent question is whether Wilshere can reclaim his first place in this developing Arsenal team . Wilshere could struggle to break into a side containing Alexis Sanchez -LRB- left -RRB- and Mesut Ozil next season . With England , manager Roy Hodgson plays him at the base of his midfield diamond , but at Arsenal Wenger prefers him in a pairing behind the main attackers . With Mesut Ozil , Alexis Sanchez , Santi Cazorla and Aaron Ramsey the favoured attacking players behind Olivier Giroud , this is not an easy team for Wilshere to get into next season . At 23 he has time on his side and even at the end of this season there are still three years to run on his current contract . Soon enough there will be a decision to be made for all concerned .