A Chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship when they embarked upon a game of tag together . Videoed in their front room , the dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction , the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly . The video begins with the Chihuahua jumping around excitedly while the bearded dragon appears disinterested . The reptile then turns to face the dog , causing it to bark , run off and watch from a safe distance behind the table . Without warning , the bearded dragon then charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat . Pausing at the end of the table , the reptile waits as the sneaky dog creeps up behind it before pivoting and running after it again . The Chihuahua named Foxxy Cleopatra stalks the bearded dragon on a number of ocassions in the video . The video maker said that the Chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him . The video maker , named Meo Madeley , can then be heard laughing as the bearded dragon becomes even more animated and chases the dog in a circle . Later in the clip the dog creeps up behind the reptile but remains twitchy and nervous as it prepares to run away at any minute . According to the video maker , who is believed to live in Canada , the pair completely love one another . The filmmaker can then be heard laughing as the bearded dragon chases the dog around the coffee table . She wrote in the comment section of the original video : ` They seriously love to play together . I love to watch them . ` Our Chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon , she really loves to chase him and our dragon gets excited whenever she comes into the room because he thinks it 's time to play . They make us laugh all the time . ' Interestingly however , Ms Madeley also stated that the love is entirely loyal as their other pet hardly gets a look in . ` Our beardie does n't like our cat , so we do n't let them play together . He will -LSB- only -RSB- play with the cat if the dog is around because he really likes our dog , ' said the video maker . He 's behind you ! The dog creeps up behind the reptile but remains twitchy and nervous as it prepares to run away at any minute . Ms Madeley stated that the reptile does n't like the family 's other pet cat and will only play with it when the dog is around .