At first glance , the rest of our solar system seems to be a pretty barren place - pockmarked worlds with dry surfaces are abundant , and only one - Earth - has visible water . But by peering beneath the surfaces of other worlds , scientists are quickly realising that water may actually be much more commonplace than thought . Nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on Earth - and some may even contain life , according to Nasa . Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface , such as Ceres , seen here . The distance from the sun is given in AU , which stands for Astronomical Unit - and one AU is the distance from Earth to the sun . The agency released an infographic detailing the various worlds of our solar system suspected to have subsurface oceans . It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years . ` Nasa science activities have provided a wave of amazing findings related to water in recent years that inspire us to continue investigating our origins and the fascinating possibilities for other worlds , and life , in the universe , ' she said . ` In our lifetime , we may very well finally answer whether we are alone in the solar system and beyond . ' There at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy - and now Nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . During a talk in Washington this week , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' said Dr Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa . ` We know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' Dr Jeffrey Newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ` It 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ` We are not talking about little green men , ' Dr Stofan said . ` We are talking about little microbes . ' Water is important because life , as we know it , needs it to survive . Some may say that there could be other forms of life that do n't need water - but as we do n't know of any yet , it makes sense to look for wet environments to discover if we are alone or not . ` As Nasa missions explore our solar system and search for new worlds , they are finding water in surprising places , ' the agency said in a statement . ` Water is but one piece of our search for habitable planets and life beyond Earth , yet it links many seemingly unrelated worlds in surprising ways . ' The chemical elements in water , hydrogen and oxygen , are some of the most abundant elements in the universe . The signature of water can be seen in the giant molecular clouds between stars , or in disks of material in young planetary systems . In our solar system the gas giant planets - Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune - are thought to contains lots of water in their atmospheres . But it is the solid moons and dwarf planets that are of more interest . For example , scientists using Nasa 's Hubble Space Telescope recently provided powerful evidence that Jupiter 's moon Ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . Signs of an underground ocean on Europa can be seen in the lines that are strewn across its surface . A nasa mission next decade will seek to search for water emanating from Europa - and see if its oceans are habitable . Ganymede , meanwhile , has layers of water and ice below its surface . Scientists using Nasa 's Hubble Space Telescope recently provided powerful evidence that Jupiter 's moon Ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . The water forms because the moon is pushed and pulled by the gas giant Jupiter . Here the lines across Europa 's surface can be seen , likely caused by the icy surface cracking due to the motion of water underground . On its surface , Callisto is a barren world covered in craters , but underground it might also have an underground ocean . Meanwhile , geysers of water have been seen shooting from Enceladus . Water on worlds like Ganymede forms through tidal heating ; its orbit around Jupiter is not perfectly circular , so it is pushed and pulled by the planet 's gravity , melting ice beneath its surface . Saturn 's moons Europa and Enceladus are also thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface , in contact with mineral-rich rock , and may have the three ingredients needed for life as we know it . These are liquid water , essential chemical elements for biological processes and sources of energy that could be used by living things . Nasa 's Cassini mission has also revealed Enceladus as an active world of icy geysers . Recent research suggests it may have hydrothermal activity on its ocean floor , an environment potentially suitable for living organisms . Signs of water have also been spotted in craters on Mercury , while it appears that Mars was at least once wet - and may still have occasional brief rivers of water on its surface . The dwarf planet Ceres , between Earth and Jupiter , may also have some water-ice on its surface - and water underground . Nasa 's Dawn spacecraft , which recently arrived in orbit , will hopefully reveal how wet this world is . Titan could have lakes of liquid hydrocarbons on its surface , but may also have an ocean of water underground - although its unlikely to support life . Mimas , meanwhile , often compared to the Death Star from Star Wars owing to its huge crater , could possibly harbor life . Jets of material are seen shooting from Enceladus here , as pictured by Nasa 's Cassini spacecraft . Exactly how these jets form or what they are made of , however , is not clear . Nasa recently announced that it is now thought Mars once had more water than the Arctic Ocean on Earth , shown in this illustration . Almost of this water has gone today , leaving the world barren and dry . Towards the outer reaches of the solar system , even Neptune 's moon Triton and the dwarf planet Pluto may have some sort of ocean hiding under their surfaces . Other moons including Callisto , Titan , Mimas and Triton are also thought to have underground oceans , while Pluto at the edge of the solar system may , too , be equally wet . And if these worlds are proven to have water , it stands to reason that others outside the solar system may also have oceans , either underground or on their surface . Missions like the upcoming Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite -LRB- Tess -RRB- - scheduled to launch in 2017 - will such nearby , bright stars for Earth-sized worlds , some of which may have water . And Nasa 's next great space observatory meanwhile , the James Webb Space Telescope , scheduled to launch in 2019 , will examine the atmospheres of certain worlds in detail . ` It 's easy to forget that the story of Earth 's water , from gentle rains to raging rivers , is intimately connected to the larger story of our solar system and beyond , ' Nasa said in a statement . ` But our water came from somewhere - every world in our solar system got its water from the same shared source . ` So it 's worth considering that the next glass of water you drink could easily have been part of a comet , or an ocean moon , or a long-vanished sea on the surface of Mars . ` And note that the night sky may be full of exoplanets formed by similar processes to our home world , where gentle waves wash against the shores of alien seas . '