The Josh Meekings ' saga took a new twist on Friday when it emerged the SFA judicial panel had decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case . On Thursday , the Inverness defender was cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk on May 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths in last Sunday 's semi-final was thrown out . In the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win , Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded . Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . His admission -- backed by manager John Hughes -- preceded the player being cited by the SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan . That unprecedented move following a game in which a handball incident had gone unpunished , brought a warning from Jim Boyce , head of FIFA 's referees committee , that a successful prosecution would open up a can of worms . Although such a scenario was avoided with the charge being kicked out , the furore surrounding the issue prompted the SFA go public on Friday with the tribunal panel 's reasons . And it seems they accepted the preliminary argument of Inverness ' legal representative that they were n't entitled to take the matter further . A statement read : ` Further to the judicial panel hearing on Friday involving Josh Meekings , the panel considered initial submissions from Mr Meekings ' solicitor . ` In particular it was argued by him that under protocol 13.4.1.1 the judicial panel was not entitled to determine the matter . Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . ` The panel considered that as the incident -LRB- but not the actual alleged sending-off offence of handball -RRB- had been seen by one or more of the officials it was not entitled to consider the matter further . ` It accordingly dismissed the complaint without any consideration of the merits of the incident or the decision arrived at by the referee . ' The explanation raises questions as to whether McGlennan ought to have cited Meekings in the first place . Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded against Celtic . However , legal sources have told Sportsmail that the SFA 's prosecutor is entitled to cite players even in such instances when officials have seen an ` incident ' but have failed to spot an ` offence ' . Yet it appears that in Meekings ' case , the panel concurred with his solicitor 's argument that they were not entitled to take the matter further as the match officials had seen the incident . The matter is further confused by the fact that former Hearts striker Ryan Stevenson and ex-Motherwell keeper Darren Randolph were previously banned retrospectively for serious foul play as the referees in question had seen the ` incidents ' but missed the ` offences ' in question .