Some of the 2,500 police officers who were involved in tracking down the Boston Marathon bombers showed a lack of ` weapons discipline ' during two firefights with the brothers , a new report reveals . In the first standoff , the officers fired ` toward the vicinity ' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ` without necessarily having identified and lined up their target ' , the 130-page document states . They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns . Amid their chaotic shooting , transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded . It is unclear whether he was shot by an officer 's bullet . Shortly after the firefight in Watertown , Massachusetts , on April 19 , 2013 - which resulted in the death of Tamerlan Tsarnaev - an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops . Scroll down for video . ` Lack of discipline ' : Some of the 2,500 police officers who were involved in tracking down the Boston Marathon bombers showed a lack of ` weapons discipline ' during two firefights with the brothers , a new report reveals . Brothers : In the first standoff , the officers fired ` toward the vicinity ' of Tamerlan -LRB- left -RRB- and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- right -RRB- ` without necessarily having identified and lined up their target ' , the 130-page document states . Official report : They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns . Amid their chaotic shooting , transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded . Above , the After Action Report , which was released on Friday . The unmarked black pickup truck had been ` erroneously reported as stolen ' . It was ` spotted driving on Adams Street , near the scene of the shootout , and fired upon by an officer , ' the report states . Upon closer inspection , the officer discovered that the occupants of the vehicle were a Boston Police Department officer and a Massachusetts State Police trooper in plain clothing , the document says . Fortunately , both officers were unhurt . Then , later in the night , when Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat , an officer ` fired his weapon without appropriate authority , ' causing others to believe the bomber was shooting at them . This caused ` many officers to fire at the boat in the belief they were being shot by the suspect , ' says the long-awaited report by the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency , released Friday . The two standoffs and the car incident all created ` dangerous crossfire situations ' . But despite the findings , the report praises many other aspects of the emergency response to the April 15 attacks . Firefight : Shortly after the firefight -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Watertown , Massachusetts , on April 19 , 2013 - which resulted in the death of Tamerlan Tsarnaev - an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops . Suspect : Then , later in the night , when Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat , an officer ` fired his weapon without appropriate authority , ' causing others to believe the bomber was shooting at them . Above , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is pictured clutching his chest after emerging from the boat he was hiding in . Timeline : This graphic , featured in the report , details the timing of the two bombs and the following incidents . The document particularly highlights the response of medical personnel at the scene and Boston hospitals who treated injured bombing victims , 16 of whom suffered ` traumatic amputations ' . ` The hospitals that received patients rendered life-saving medical care ; as a result , every patient that was transported to a hospital from the scene survived , ' the report states . ` Overall , the response to the Boston Marathon bombings must be considered a great success . ' Best practices . Areas in need of improvement . Krystle Campbell , 29 , Martin Richard , eight , and Lingzi Lu , 23 , were killed after the Tsarnaev brothers placed two pressure cooker bombs , hidden in backpacks , at the marathon finish line . A further 264 people were wounded in the worst attack on US soil since the 9/11 terrorist atrocity . The new report starts by explaining how April 15 was ` the perfect day for running ' . The ` air was cool ' , the ` sun was shining ' , and the logistics supporting the marathon were ` operating smoothly ' , it says . But at 2.49 pm , however , ` the race was forever changed ' , it adds . The first of the brothers ' two IEDs detonated at 671 Boylston Street . Thirteen seconds later , 180 yards up , the second exploded . While victims were rushed to hospital , authorities immediately cordoned off a 15-block crime scene area , the report says . A large number of abandoned bags and packages were also screened . The document praises the actions of law enforcement in reacting to 61 reports of suspicious packages in the hours after the bombings - and hundreds more reports in following days . But it notes that many victims in hospital found ` the large numbers of heavily armed police officers and investigators ' who were providing security in the building ` to be intimidating ' . The patients were left ` frightened ' after the officers questioned their families and friends , and collected their cell phones and other evidence , the document states . Explosion : Krystle Campbell , 29 , Martin Richard , eight , and Lingzi Lu , 23 , were killed after the Tsarnaev brothers placed two pressure cooker bombs , hidden in backpacks , at the marathon finish line -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` Lack of coordination ' : The report reveals that there was a lack of coordination and management of hundreds of police officers who converged on a staging area at a local shopping mall in the hours after the shootout . Criticism : It also states that the two shootouts and the car incident created ` dangerous crossfire situations ' In relation to the first shootout with the suspects in Watertown , the report explains how the standoff followed the fatal shooting of Sean Collier , a MIT police officer , and a carjacking in Cambridge . During the incident , officers lined both sides of a narrow residential street and began firing at Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as he fled the scene , resulting in a ` dangerous crossfire situation ' . ` Weapons discipline was lacking by the multitude of law enforcement officers in the field during ... the firefight with the two suspects near Dexter and Laurel Streets , ' the report states of the shootout . ` Although initial responding officers practiced appropriate weapons discipline while they were engaged in the firefight with the suspects , additional officers arriving on scene near the conclusion of the firefight fired weapons toward the vicinity of the suspects , without necessarily having identified and lined up their target , ' or appropriately aiming their guns . ` Officers lining both sides of the street also fired upon the second suspect as he fled the scene in a vehicle . ' A timeline of events in the report notes Donohue was shot as the surviving suspect fled . Chilling : Little Martin , who was killed in the bombings , is seen -LRB- front circle -RRB- just meters away from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- back circle -RRB- on April 15 . Seconds later , one of two bombs exploded , piercing his body with shrapnel . Victims : Martin -LRB- left -RRB- was cheering on runners with his family . Right , Lingzi Lu -LRB- right -RRB- also died in the bombings . The report does not name any of the officers involved in the April 19 incident . More than a dozen officers suffered minor injuries during the deadly shootout , which followed a four-day manhunt . Although officials had deliberated whether to release photos of the suspects at the time , ` weighing concerns about the suspects fleeing and the general safety of the public ' , they ultimately did so . Donohue only survived after his colleagues at the scene tended to ` slow the bleeding with pressure and a tourniquet ' , says the report , congratulating the other officers on their life-saving efforts . He was then rushed to hospital , where had to be resuscitated , before eventually recovering . The report shows that initial responding Watertown police officers failed to remove their patrol rifles from the secure mount in their vehicles because the rifles were ` rarely used and securely locked ' . It also reveals that there was a lack of coordination and management of hundreds of police officers who converged on a staging area at a local shopping mall in the hours after the shootout . Labels : This picture , featured in the report , shows the labels that were placed on victims after the bombings . On trial : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- seen in a sketch on March 5 -RRB- , who was arrested after stepping out of the boat in which he had been hiding on April 19 , is on trial on federal charges relating to the bombing and its aftermath . Many of these cops had ` self-deployed , ' the ` After Action Report ' states . The chaos was blamed on the lack of a ` single , integrated , comprehensive operational plan for all public safety organizations ' . And it notes that Massachusetts Army National Guard soldiers deployed to help police in their efforts to track down the suspects were unarmed due to ` policy of the Commonwealth and the MANG ' . This left them reliant on police , ` increasing the risk to both soldiers and officers ' , the report says . However , the document praises the efforts of the EMS system and officials ' successful coordination . ` This coordination resulted in no one single hospital in the area being overwhelmed , ' it says . On Friday , Boston Mayor Martin Walsh told NBC in a statement that he was proud of the elements that the report praised and that the city would learn from the areas highlighted for improvement . ` I know that over the past two years city departments have worked together diligently to take the lessons learned from the bombings and drastically improve our emergency response protocols so we are even better prepared for the future , and we can set the example for other cities , ' he said . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who was arrested after stepping out of the boat under which he had been hiding on April 19 , is on trial on federal charges relating to the bombing and its aftermath . Some of the charges could carry the death penalty . His lawyer admitted in opening statements that he had participated in the bombings but argued that his late brother was the mastermind . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed earlier that night during the initial shootout with police after he was ran over by an SUV , apparently driven by his brother . He had also been shot multiple times . Closing arguments for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's case are scheduled for Monday in US District Court .