Video footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group who caused mayhem on a flight from Scotland to Spain . Fellow passengers sat stunned as the yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight last Friday morning . Witnesses said the group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing . Scroll down for video . Footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on board a Jet2 flight from Glasgow to Alicante last week . Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party , a man in his thirties , off the aircraft when it arrived in Spain . All passengers on the Jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway while officers dealt with the situation . Mobile phone footage of the incident shows a female passenger arguing and grappling with a group of men in the aisle of the plane . One passenger said : ` It was the most horrendous flight I have ever been on . ` There was a large stag party who boarded the plane at Glasgow and they obviously had already had a lot to drink . ` They were shouting , singing and swearing throughout the flight . A few of them took their tops off and refused to sit in their seats when told to . ' The video shows the group - some of whom are shirtless - jostling a woman who tries to calm them down . The incident took place on a Jet2 flight to Alicante , where the men were heading for a stag party . The passenger added : ` One of them in particular was swearing constantly and getting into arguments with other passengers . The airline staff were struggling to cope with his rowdiness . ` There were families on the flight and the behaviour was totally out of order . When we landed we were all held on the flight to wait for police to come on board and remove one of the guys . ` One woman got really frustrated at the delay and got involved in a bit of a pushing match with the group . ' The group , who were travelling to the Spanish holiday resort of Benidorm , left Glasgow airport for the three-hour flight to Alicante on Friday morning . It is understood the man who was held by police was later released and he was banned from travelling home on his booked Jet2 flight . One man was escorted from the plane after it landed in Alicante -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He was banned from flying back . A spokeswoman for Jet2 said : ` We can confirm that following disruptive behaviour on flight LS177 from Glasgow to Alicante a passenger was denied boarding on his return flight . ` The safety and security of our customers is paramount and this particular passenger 's conduct on the outbound flight was disappointing and not acceptable . ` This was an isolated incident and was certainly not representative of our passengers who are often families and couples just on their way to enjoy their holiday . ' Earlier this month , Ryanair announced they were banning alcohol on a notorious flight from Scotland to party island Ibiza . The airline told passengers travelling from Glasgow Prestwick to the Spanish isle that they will no longer be able to take alcohol on board .