Red squirrels have returned to one of Britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence . Red squirrels have returned to one of Britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence . Native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of England , the Isle of Wight and Scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century . Numbers of the reds , popularly illustrated in the Beatrix Potter Squirrel Nutkin books , have been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys . But now , red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere , in the picturesque Lake District . Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area . Since 1952 , 95 % of red squirrels have been wiped out in England and Wales . But Bob Cartwright , of charity Westmorland Red Squirrels , said they are returning to woods in the area - and some have even been spotted in the town centre . He said : ` So far this year there have been seven sightings , including just a few weeks ago a red seen bouncing around in Ellerthwaite Square right in the centre of Windermere . ` It is pretty clear that they are here in good numbers . ' Disease , habitat loss and competition for food from non-native grey squirrels have been blamed for the decline in reds . Recent UK studies of 300 woodlands have also shown red squirrels are battling against the greys with numbers rising steadily . Scroll down for video . Experts say there have been a number of sightings of red squirrels in Windermere , in the picturesque Lake District -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Scientists think endangered red squirrels have finally achieved immunity to the killer pox carried by their grey rivals after 140 years . Meanwhile Anglesey , North Wales , is now a grey squirrel-free zone , wildlife experts claim after a controversial 20-year eradication programme on the island . Grey squirrels have been blamed for carrying diseases which have endangered the population of red squirrels . More than 700 red squirrels are now thought to live on Anglesey , with many crossing the Menai Strait to settle in Bangor . In 2013 , academics found a red nicknamed ` Clark Kent ' , after Superman 's alter ego , who was stricken with the deadly ` parapox virus ' and managed to fight it off and live . The research , carried out by the University of Liverpool , was heralded as a major breakthrough as it proved that reds can build immunity . Rachel Miller , Red Squirrel field officer at the Wildlife Trust for Lancashire and North Merseyside , said : ` It could be a few years down the line until we know for sure if red squirrels have any long-term immunity or not , as there is much more research that needs to be done . Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area . Pictured : view of Lake WIndermere . ` But this squirrel survived the pox , which is great news . ` We named him Clark , after Superman 's ` Clark Kent ' , because he 's a super squirrel . We do n't know why he survived , but something made him resistant to the pox . ` We radio-tracked him after his release so we could check on his progress back in the wild and he did well . ' The species was almost wiped out at the Formby National Trust Reserve when there was a squirrel pox virus outbreak in 2008 and the population declined by over 80 per cent . Numbers are now increasing with red squirrel sightings reported across the region . Red squirrels have been almost wiped out , except for a few pockets in the north of England , the Isle of Wight and Scotland . File photo . The red squirrel has been a native of Britain for several thousand years , but the first grey squirrels were brought here from North America in 1876 . Over the years , more were introduced , notably by the Duke of Bedford to the park at Woburn Abbey where they thrived . But contrary to popular belief that greys are ` driving out ' the reds , experts believe it is because the greys being more adaptable to our ecosystem . A major factor is the ability to survive tough winters due to the fact that greys generally carry more body fat - and a full-grown grey can weigh almost twice as much as a red . Grey squirrels are also more adventurous and happier foraging on the ground , whereas red squirrels spend most of their lives high up in conifer trees and their diet is less varied . Greys became known as ` vermin ' in the 1920s and 1930s when their large numbers started to cause significant damage to commercial forestry and beech trees . A law was passed in 1938 banning further importation of these creatures , and in following years various methods were tried without success to control grey squirrels . This coincided with low red squirrel numbers after the red population was decimated between 1900 and 1920 by the parapox virus , similar to myxomatosis in rabbits .