An Italian model who accused Harvey Weinstein of groping her breasts and putting his hand up her skirt attended the Hollywood mogul 's new Broadway show just a day after his alleged attack . Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night . However , the very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland , which Weinstein is producing , from the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram . Scroll down for video . Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night . The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland , which Weinstein is producing , at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram . Sober : Directly after the show , Battilana posted a picture of an empty glass of water from the Tribeca HOtel where the NYPD picked up Weinstein very soon after . A movie industry source said Weinstein gave Battilana the $ 227 sixth-row-center-seat ticket during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show . A movie industry source told Page Six Weinstein gave Battilana two $ 227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show . The source said : ` Why would she go , knowing he was nearly 100 percent likely to be there ? ' Indeed , directly after the show , the beauty queen uploaded another picture to her Instagram feed . Battilana posted an empty glass of water from the Tribeca Grand Hotel , from where cops took the movie supremo in for questioning a short time later . This has led some to speculate that the 22-year-old tipped off the NYPD as to Weinstein 's movements and was actually waiting to see them apprehend him . Weinstein , 63 , was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and denied Battilana 's allegations . A source close to The Weinstein Company told Page Six the groping allegations were nothing more than a ` blackmail attempt ' and insisted that the award-winning producer ` did nothing wrong ' . Surveillance footage from outside the Tribeca office is being analyzed , according to police sources . Weinstein , 63 , has denied Battilana 's allegations . The married father of five was reportedly interviewed by the NYPD Special Victims Squad on Saturday after going to the police precinct voluntarily . Battilana previously told Italian authorities she witnessed a so-called ` bunga-bunga ' orgy involving disgraced former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi at his Milan mansion in 2010 . Weinstein , a married father of five , was reportedly interviewed by the NYPD Special Victims Squad on Saturday after going to the police precinct voluntarily . No charges have been filed and he has promised full cooperation with the probe . ` We are confident that we will be fully vindicated , ' a Weinstein spokesman said . Battilana previously told Italian authorities she witnessed a so-called ` bunga-bunga ' orgy involving disgraced former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi at his Milan mansion in 2010 . She claimed she had seen young models performing stripteases and baring their breasts to be kissed by the Italian leader during a raunchy dinner party . It was revealed that Battilana also alleged to Italian police in 2010 that she was ` forced against ' her will into having sex for money with a 70-year-old ` businessman of substantial means ' when she was underage . Battilana met the wealthy car dealer in September 2009 when she was under 18 and therefore below the age of consent for prostitution in Italy , according to Italian newspaper reports . It was revealed that Battilana also alleged to Italian police in 2010 that she was ` forced against ' her will into having sex for money with a 70-year-old ` businessman of substantial means ' when she was underage . The age of sexual consent is 14 in Italy but it is illegal to pay for sex or to have sex with a prostitute who is under the age of 18 . In her police statement , she said the man invited her into his car , where he then caressed ` my hand and left leg ' and proposed ` that I become his `` playmate '' ' . Battilana said he then gave her a bag with € 2,000 , before assuring her it was only ` an advance of the € 5,000 he would give me every month ' . She added : ` Despite the indecency of the proposal , both because of my psychological subjection in which I found myself and because of the severe poverty of my family I felt forced against my will not to refuse the money . Battilana began her professional modeling career after competing in the Miss Italia beauty pageant and works internationally in Milan , London , Paris and New York . Harvey Weinstein seen with a smile on his face as he enters his office building in New York City on Tuesday . The relationship ended after she was accepted into the Miss Italia 2010 pageant . Battilana posted a picture that showed seats at the Spring Spectacular in Radio City Music Hall , where she reportedly met Weinstein on Thursday . Prosecutors in Italy asked for the rape allegation to be dismissed in 2012 but it was not reported whether the judge granted the dismissal - although it is likely it would have been carried out . In 2012 , the Alba prosecutor told Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that Miss Battilana never showed up to talk to them about her police complaint so they were unable to verify her claims . Marcello Cassano , a fashion photographer and ex-boyfriend of Miss Battilana , told the Daily News that the legal battle was probably the reason they broke up . ` That 's probably why we ended , ' he said . ` She 's a victim of her beauty . ' He added : ` She 's a good person , but she suffered so much . ' After becoming famous through the Miss Italia pageant , Battilana began modeling professionally in 2011 , according to social media . She works internationally in Milan , London , Paris and New York . The 22-year-old recently shot an editorial campaign for Bambi magazine in Agent Provocateur lingerie . She established a new Twitter account on Monday and posted the message : ` Do n't stop Dreaming just because you had a Nightmare . ' The Manhattan District Attorney has yet to decide whether charges will be filed against Weinstein . The DA 's office declined to comment to comment when contacted by Daily Mail Online on Tuesday . Weinstein reportedly first met the former Miss Italy contestant the night before the alleged attack at his New York Spring Spectacular show in Radio City Music Hall . The 22-year-old model posted a picture on her Instagram account from Radio City Music Hall on Thursday night . The pair exchanged emails and arranged for Battilana to come in to his office for an audition and to ` talk business ' . Ambra Battilana gave previous statements to Italian authorities after claiming she had been invited to one of ex-Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi `` s now infamous orgies at his Milan mansion in 2010 . In statements she told investigators : . Weinstein has been married to his second wife , 38-year-old fashion designer Georgina Chapman , since 2007 . The couple have two young children together . Weinstein , who is originally from Queens , New York , founded Miramax studio with his brother Bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200 million . He is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman , 38 , who founded the luxury label Marchesa . The couple have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . Weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant , Eve Chilton , which ended in 2004 . The Hollywood heavyweight skipped the New York premiere of his latest movie , Women In Gold , at the Museum of Modern Art on Monday night . The alleged groping took place on Friday at the Weinstein Company offices in Manhattan -LRB- pictured -RRB- where Battilana had met Harvey Weinstein to ` discuss business '