When planning a romantic trip with his girlfriend to watch One Direction in Cardiff , he got the first part of his plan right by managing to buy the gig tickets . But Jake Boys could have done better when it came to organising flights , because he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland - where he thought the Welsh capital was located . The 19-year-old from Hailsham , East Sussex , surprised his partner Emily-Victoria Canham , 18 , by telling her they would see Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson in concert . Scroll down for video . Oops : Blundering boyfriend Jake Boys -LRB- left -RRB- , 19 , surprised his girlfriend Emily Canham -LRB- right -RRB- , 18 , with tickets to see One Direction play in Cardiff - but booked flights to the Republic of Ireland instead of Wales . Mistake : Mr Boys -LRB- left -RRB- surprised his partner Miss Canham -LRB- right -RRB- by telling her they would fly to see the band . But the delight of Miss Canham , a model from Kettering , Northamptonshire , soon turned to dismay upon learning that her boyfriend had bought plane tickets to Dublin for the Millennium Stadium gig . She tweeted : ` Jake tried to surprise me with 1D/McBusted tickets for Cardiff . But he booked flights to Ireland , because he thought Cardiff was in Ireland . ' Arsenal supporter Mr Boys , who is originally from Haywards Heath , is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to Cardiff for the band 's show this June . He tweeted : ` I could see the problem . ' The couple are both popular video bloggers - known as ` vloggers ' , with Mr Boys having more than 166,000 subscribers on YouTube and Miss Canham more than 114,000 . Boyband : One Direction band members -LRB- from left -RRB- Niall Horan , Harry Styles , Liam Payne and Louis Tomlinson . Shock : Miss Canham , a model from Kettering , tweeted her dismay upon finding out her boyfriend 's mistake . Miss Canham films beauty videos , with her recent posts on the website including ` DIY eyebrow routine ' , ` boyfriend does my makeup ' and ` what I got for my 18th birthday ' . Meanwhile Mr Boys makes comedy clips - with his latest videos having titles such as ` ruining my girlfriend 's face ' , ` how to ask a guy to prom ' and ` how to make Easter eggs ' . One Direction - whose fifth member Zayn Malik quit the band last month - will be supported by McBusted on June 5 and 6 in Cardiff , as part of their On The Road tour . McBusted are a combined pop group of two bands formed by Tom Fletcher , Danny Jones , Dougie Poynter and Harry Judd from McFly , and James Bourne and Matt Willis from Busted .