Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match showcasing the best of European-based talent , according to reports in Spain . They would play for ` Team South ' - comprised of stars from La Liga , Serie A and Ligue 1 - against a similar ` North ' dream team from the Premier League , Bundesliga and Russian Premier League . Mundo Deportivo report that a marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the annual fixture , which is inspired by the NBA All-Star Game between the Western and Eastern Conferences . Spanish newspaper Mundo Deportivo report that an All-Star match has been proposed that would bring together the cream of European talent - including Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The proposals raise the tantalising prospect of club rivals Messi and Ronaldo playing on the same team . Messi and Ronaldo would be the star attractions in the ` North vs South ' All-Star fixture . South : Buffon ; Danilo , Sergio Ramos , Pique , Thiago Silva ; Messi , Pogba , Koke , Neymar ; Cristiano Ronaldo , Ibrahimovic . North : Neuer ; Terry , Hummels , Alaba ; Robben , Di Maria , Silva , Reus ; Alexis , Aguero , Hazard . The players involved would be chosen by an online fan poll , with no more than three players from any club side . But despite such restrictions , the proposed match would throw up the tantalising prospect of Barcelona ; s Messi and Neymar joining forces with Real Madrid stars Ronaldo and Gareth Bale . Other possible stars in the ` South ' team include Paris Saint-Germain forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba . The ` North ' side could feature Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero , Chelsea 's Eden Hazard , Manchester United winger Angel di Maria and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Barcelona 's Brazilian star Neymar could also feature in the proposed All-Star match . Zlatan Ibrahimovic would likely lead the line for the ` South ' Europe dream team in the game . Chelsea 's Eden Hazard could be a star turn for the ` North ' select XI . Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero would likely be included in the ` North ' team . See what happened in our North England vs South England Premier League clash simulated by Football Manager . The fixture would naturally draw a massive audience all around the world and the television and sponsorship rights commanded would ensure a nice payday for UEFA and the company involved . However , there would inevitably be a number of hurdles to overcome to get such a project off the ground and some clubs are likely to be unhappy about releasing their players for the game .