A bizarre performance from Stan Wawrinka saw Grigor Dimitrov breeze through 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season . Wawrinka is the defending champion in Monte Carlo and seldom has a title been relinquished so easily . The Swiss No 2 played like he was in a hurry - and not in a good way . Rushing between points , Wawrinka won the first of the match and then made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve . Grigor Dimitrov powers a forehand from the back court in his comfortable win over Stan Wawrinka . Wawrinka , the Monte Carlo Masters defending champion , appeared out of sorts in the 6-1 6-2 defeat . The world No 9 looked listless and disinterested , rolling in 95mph first serves and ballooning groundstrokes long . He did not appear to be injured but something was very clearly wrong ; four winners and 41 unforced errors can not be put down merely to a bad day at the office . Wawrinka 's coach Magnus Norman is not in Monte Carlo this week and , watching at home , he may have been glad of the opportunity to turn off the television . Dimitrov moves through to the quarter-finals where the Bulgarian will meet Frenchman Gael Monfils . Wawrinka was n't at his finest as he failed to get on the board in the match until the fifth game . In the second , Wawrinka played a little better - he could scarcely have played worse - but still gave Dimitrov a generous helping of mistakes . The world No 11 broke early and Wawrinka served to stay in the match at 5-2 down . Four tame unforced errors later and Dimitrov was through to the last eight . The crowd on court central would have expected a thrilling encounter between two of the most expressive players on tour . Instead , they were treated to an abject and mystifying performance from Wawrinka . The 30-year-old finally got on the board in the fifth game of the match , although this was down more to errors from Dimitrov - who was n't even playing especially well himself - than any improvement from the Swiss . But the Bulgarian broke for a third time and closed out the first set 6-1 . Dimitrov and a disappointed Wawrinka shake hands at the end of the quickfire encounter .