Fabio Capello claimed John Terry is still England 's best defender and maintained he should never have been stripped of his captaincy . Speaking about the Terry race row for the first time since leaving his post as England manager , Capello said England would be in a much stronger position if they still had the Chelsea stalwart at their disposal . ` I think John is England 's best defender and they have not got a lot of defenders , ' said Capello , ` It is better to have a player like John than not have him . ' Fabio Capello insists defender John Terry should never have been stripped of the England captaincy . Capello claims England would be in a much stronger position if they still had the Chelsea star at their disposal . The Italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand , the brother of then England teammate Rio , during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011 . He was stripped of his captaincy by the Football Association after being charged by police . Capello resigned as England Manager in February 2012 just two days after publicly criticising the FA 's decision and obviously remains bitter about the whole affair . He believes Terry should have kept his role under the presumption of innocence until guilt is proven . ` I fought for John to be able to come back and play but they -LSB- the Football Association -RSB- said `` no you ca n't decide about the player , you need to wait for the court decision , '' and I said `` Why ? '' But they had already decided before I asked . John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . Chelsea captain Terry , who has 78 England caps , retired from international football in September 2012 . Asked if it was time to persuade Terry , who has been a permanent fixture in the Chelsea side bound for the Premier League title , to come back into the England fold , Capello - speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards - directed his ire at the FA . ` You know what happened with me , they decided he could not play with the national team and I did n't understand because he was not guilty . ` When it happened I said to the President -LSB- David Bernstein -RSB- `` You decided he 's guilty ? '' No he 's not guilty , it 's good you can play with the national team and I do n't understand why you do n't play . ' Terry was cleared of racially abusing Ferdinand in a criminal hearing at Westminster Magistrates Court but retired from international football in September 2012 after the FA pursued their own charges . An FA hearing found Terry , who has 78 England caps , guilty of using insulting words which included a reference to Anton Ferdinand 's colour or race and he was banned for four matches and fined £ 220,000 , . Terry , 34 , said he was ` deeply hurt ' by the incident and will never play for England again . Capello agreed his international career was probably over . ` I do n't think he has the chances to play with the national team more , ' said Capello , ` But I saw some young players that played with me are improving . -LSB- Chris -RSB- Smalling is playing and -LSB- Phil -RSB- Jones . I 'm happy because a lot of players I put in the national team are playing now and well . ' The Chelsea defender was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA .