President Barack Obama announced today $ 200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq , but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters , drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS . ` I think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission , ' he told a reporter questioning him about military support following his Oval Office discussion with Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi . Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. weapons during his visit . But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting . President Barack Obama announced today $ 200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq , but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters , drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS . ` I think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission , ' he told a reporter questioning him about military support following his Oval Office discussion with Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi , left . Abadi is on his first trip to Washington since becoming prime minister last September . His meeting with Obama is meant to convey a U.S. stamp of approval for a leader who has sought to be more inclusive than his predecessor in governing Iraq . The Obama administration , which welcomed Abadi 's ascension after a tricky relationship with former Prime Minister Nurial-Maliki , may not agree to provide significant additional support . Obama , who was elected on the back of a promise to end the war in Iraq , is limited by public aversion to U.S. entanglement in another regional conflict and congressional constraints on his budget authority . In August , Obama authorized the first U.S. air strikes on Iraq since the 2011 withdrawal of American troops . He has also deployed about 3,000 American military forces to train and advise Iraqi and Kurdish forces to fight Islamic State . Abadi said after the meeting that Iraq would respect other countries ' sovereignty and expected the same . He also said he was eager to bring all of the fighters in Iraq under state control . ` I am aware that regional countries have their own interests and I respect these interests , but I also welcome any assistance that they would provide , and I would like to thank them , ' Abadi said through a translator . ` However , we do not accept any intervention in Iraq or any transgression on Iraqi sovereignty . This is a war that is fought with Iraqi blood with help from the coalition forces and regional countries . ' The U.S. president in turn warned Iran that its fighters must respect Iraq 's sovereignty and answer to the government in Baghdad in the battle against ISIS . Abadi is on his first trip to Washington since becomingprime minister last September . His meeting with Obama is meantto convey a U.S. stamp of approval for a leader who has soughtto be more inclusive than his predecessor in governing Iraq . Vice President Joe Biden , left , and National Security Advisor Susan Rice also participated in the Oval Office discussion of the strategic partnership between the two countries , support in fighting ISIS as well as commercial and cultural relations . Iran-backed Shi'ite militias have played a major and growing role in battling the Sunni Islamic State , an al Qaeda offshoot also known as ISIL , that emerged from the chaos in Iraq and neighboring Syria and which swept through northern Iraq last June . Abadi has had to rely on Shi'ite militias , some of which are backed by Iran and advised by Iranian military officers , as Iraq 's regular military deserted en masse last summer in the face of the Islamic State onslaught . Obama said he and Abadi discussed the issue at length in their Oval Office meeting on Tuesday . Asked about Iranian involvement in Iraq , Obama said that he expected the neighbors to have an ` important relationship , ' and recognized that the mobilization of Shi'ite militias had been necessary to counter ISIL 's advance last year . But he added that any foreign-backed groups in Iraq should now be under Abadi 's control . ` Once Prime Minister Abadi took power ... from that point on , any foreign assistance that is helping to defeat ISIL has to go through the Iraqi government . That 's how you respect Iraqi sovereignty , ' Obama said . ` It needs to be help that is not simply coordinated with the Iraqi government , but ultimately is answerable to the Iraqi government and is funneled through the chain of command . '