Unsurprisingly , the Champions League and Europa League draws have dominated the headlines on the Continent - especially in Spain and Italy who make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both European competitions . In Italy , Juventus ' semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films with Tuttosport comparing the clash to ` Star Wars ' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers , while Corriere dello Sport confidently claim it 's ` Mission Possible ' . La Gazetta dello Sport are equally bold in their conviction that the Old Lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won , which seems to pin hopes on former Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez . Film themes have been used to brand the Champions League semi-final between Real Madrid and Juventus . La Gazzetta dello Sport pins Juve 's hopes of reaching the Champions League final on Carlos Tevez . Italians have a plan to beat the holders while Spain is holding out for a Clasico final . Bernabeu boss Carlo Ancelotti apparently fears hos former team since : ` They 've won the Scudetto and can now focus only on Europe ' . And , former Liverpool and Chelsea manager Rafa Benitez is being equally cautious over his Napoli side 's chances of beating Europa League minnows Dnipro , warning : ` They are a good side ' . With Fiorentina facing holders Sevilla in the second semi-final , there is hope that the final will be contested between two Serie A teams . Meanwhile , Spain are looking towards an all-Spanish Champions League final between arch rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid with Marca referring to semi-final opponents Bayern Munich and Juventus as ` The Berlin Walls ' blocking ` the mother of all finals ' . Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich take on Barcelona . Benfica and Porto meet in a top of the table clash in Portugal -LRB- left -RRB- Pavel Nedvedis looking forward to Real . Pep Guardiola will of course be facing his former Barcelona team as manager of the Germans with AS reporting him as saying : ` It will be special : it feels like my home ' while Mundo Deportivo have him praising Barca as ` the strongest team ' . There 's also the small matter of a derby between the Catalans and Espanyol on Saturday , a game Luis Enrique has called ` a key match on hostile territory ' . FC Porto and Benfica will be staging a top of the table clash in Portugual which has been described as a ` Duel of Goals ' by A Bola who have mocked up Jackson Martinez and Jonas Oliveira as cartoon figure cowboys preparing for the shoot out .