Imagine if Raheem Sterling had actually done something wrong . Imagine if he had not turned up for training . Imagine if he had refused to play . Imagine if he had gone on strike . Imagine , even , if he had asked for a transfer away from Liverpool . Imagine the opprobrium that would have been heaped upon him then . Because as it is , he has been labelled an ingrate and a fool . He has been called avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable . He is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his Iago of an agent . Sterling 's ability has been questioned and his contribution to Liverpool has been mocked . His character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything . For what crime exactly ? Well , to be honest , it 's hard to say . Raheem Sterling winces during Liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal to complete a tough week for the 20-year-old . Brendan Rodgers takes a deep breath as he watches his side succumb to their worst defeat of the season . Sterling is fouled by Hector Bellerin as Liverpool earn a penalty which was converted by Jordan Henderson . OK , so he has not signed the lucrative new contract that the club have put in front of him . Not yet , anyway . Given that he has more than two years left on his existing one , that is hardly a heinous act or a trigger for angst . He wants to wait to the end of the season , he says . So let him . He gave an interview to the BBC that he had not cleared with the club . Not particularly clever , admittedly . And , yes , the reference to being ` flattered ' by Arsenal 's interest , particularly coming a couple of days before the clash between the two teams at the Emirates , was naïve . But the content of what he said was hardly incendiary . It amounted to a softly-spoken plea for time and space . Sterling is not the kind of person to shout the odds . Maybe he wants a little while to make up his mind . That 's not what Liverpool fans want to hear but it happens . It 's life . People consider their options . It 's their right . For what it 's worth , I hope Sterling stays at Anfield . I hope that sooner or later , he signs that new contract , or perhaps an improved version of it . At this stage of his career , leaving Liverpool is fraught with unnecessary risks . Liverpool are a great club and they are on the rise again . They are staffed by good , intelligent , forward-thinking football people . And I ca n't think of any better manager than Brendan Rodgers under whom Sterling should continue the process of maturing into one of Europe 's best players . The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday , giving his opinion on a variety of matters . Brendan Rodgers called the interview ` a mistake ' and shakes hands with his protege the day after its airing . Sterling 's agent Aidy Ward is pictured sat next to Saido Berahino -LRB- centre -RRB- at Old Trafford . But none of that means I have n't found the virulence of the reaction to Sterling 's refusal to sign immediately on the dotted line somewhat startling . The kid is only 20 . Give him a break . This is , after all , an old storyline . We talk about loyalty in football as if it is a one-way street . We only apply it to footballers , not to clubs . Clubs generally have very little loyalty to players . They treat them as commodities . Or ` expensive pieces of meat ' , as Roy Keane would have it . And we do n't blink an eye . They pay the players well when they are worth something to them . They pay them to entertain their fans . And to sell season tickets . And to allow them to keep harvesting the vast amounts of Premier League television income flooding into their coffers . And to lift them into the Champions League , where they accrue even more cash . For the club owners , for the men who pay the wages , the relationship with a player is a business transaction . And when the player stops playing as well as he used to , when he loses his form or when he grows older and slower , or when they want to replace him with another player , they get rid of him . Rodgers remains confident that Sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer . It 's about money . It 's that way at Manchester United and at Manchester City . It 's that way at Arsenal and at Chelsea . And it 's that way at Liverpool , too . It 's the way it is and none of us question it . Not really . And yet we do not apply the same standards to players . We expect hard-headed business sense from the clubs but we demand that any nod to rationality is cast away when it comes to the time when players make decisions about their future . In its stead , we demand sentimental attachment from the players to override everything . We are terribly old-fashioned about it . The players should be grateful , we seem to be saying , because Jimmy Hill got the maximum wage abolished in 1961 . There are a few , at least , who see the contradictions in that stance . ` Raheem Sterling is fully entitled to make his own mind up , ' Gary Lineker wrote on Twitter . ` Make choices that will prove to be right or wrong . It 's his life , his career . ' Lineker is right . I hope Sterling stays at Liverpool but if he asks for time to think before he commits himself , it is absurdly unjust that he should be pilloried for it . Black managers always get the worst jobs . If you are an aspiring manager in English football and you are black , you get used to one thing : when an opportunity comes your way , it 's going to be the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass . Sorry , but it 's true . With a few exceptions , you do n't get the better opportunities . You get the football version of mopping up the toilets . Chris Ramsey , the only black manager in the Premier League , is a classic example . Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp , a talented , experienced manager with a good track record of rescuing clubs in trouble , saw the writing on the wall and got out . Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it . Before the victory at West Brom , QPR were sliding deeper into trouble and there were already those seeking to blame it on Ramsey . Chris Ramsey -LRB- right -RRB- and Kevin Hitchcock watch QPR hammer West Brom to keep their survival hopes alive . John Barnes ' troubled reign at Celtic ended after an infamous Scottish Cup defeat by Inverness Caley Thistle . Just as predictably , there were also those saying Ramsey 's struggles were an indication black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance . If Ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race . And they will be wrong . Because race was why he had to take the job in the first place . People tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers in the English game . Some got angry again when John Barnes suggested a manager on a bad run will get sacked sooner if he 's black . He was right . The fact Ramsey has been labouring to turn things around at QPR does not mean he is not a good manager . It just means that when your only chance in the game is to accept a hospital pass , the odds are you 're going to get hurt . It was my first visit to the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday and it was hard not to be impressed by the arena 's steep sides , excellent facilities , spectacular location and fine atmosphere . It was also hard not to notice that at a stadium with a capacity of just 41,000 , there were 10,000 empty seats for a friendly against another major footballing nation . The Juventus Stadium is a magnificent venue , but fans stayed away from the midweek international friendly . A fan takes a selfie in the midst of a sea of empty seats in Turin with only 31,138 watching the game . England played to a crowd of 83,671 as they cruised past European lightweights Lithuania 4-0 at Wembley . A few days earlier , more than 83,000 fans had packed into Wembley for England 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania . English football might have plenty of problems but the loyalty of its supporters is not one of them .