Visitors to a wildlife park in New Zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up-close and personal . Filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park -- the country 's only open-range zoo -- the video shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car . The video , which was captured by Ekant Veer , 35 , an associate professor at the University of Canterbury , also shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars . The lions at Orana Wildlife Park approach the metal cage and begin interacting with the people inside . Standing with its paws against the cage , a lion is introduced as Sakura who is around 11-years-old and weighs about 265 kg . As the keeper speaks , the lion licks at a piece of meat that is held up against the bars as another lion walks across the roof of the cage . Looking down at the people below , the lion wanders around as if deciding who it would like to make its prey before staring down the lens of the camera . Set tongues wagging ! One of the lions notices meat and begins sticking out its tongue in the hope of being fed . A lion stands next to one of the keepers and its large paw is the same size as the lady 's head . The people inside can be seen recording the many lions from their phones , while another -- with paws the same size as the keeper 's head -- holds itself up against the cage and chews on some meat . Later in the video people can be seen pointing out the various felines as a keeper moves her hand along the cage , instigating the lion to follow . Still frames capture a lion standing up against the side of the cage alongside the keeper -- its power and size is plain to see . A keeper holds a piece of meat up to the bars of the cage and a lion follows her hand in the hope of receiving it . A number of lions are fed directly through the metal bars , while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage . The car then begins driving away and the lions can be seen chasing after the people in the hope of receiving more food . A keeper then drops meat from the back of it and the lions begin tailing off one by one with their own little piece of food . The video concludes with one lion picking up a final lump of meat from the floor and being chased by another , angry feline . A lion scales the cage and looks down at the people below as if deciding which one it would like to eat . The people inside can be seen pointing and filming the lion who wanders along the top of the cage above them . Orana Wildlife Park was opened in 1976 and is owned and operated by registered charity , Orana Wildlife Trust . Located on the outskirts of Christchurch , the wildlife park is unique in that the people are caged in order to view the animals , not the other way around .