Jordan Spieth has hailed the ` most incredible week ' of his life after becoming the second youngest Masters winner of all time and the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years . Spieth held his nerve in Sunday 's final round to keep control of the season 's first major championship , matching Tiger Woods ' record of an 18-under 270 and finishing four shots clear of the field . Speaking in Butler cabin as he prepared to receive his green jacket , the 21-year-old admitted that despite never giving up the lead , he was still a bag of nerves as he looked to hold off the attentions of two major champions in the form of Phil Mickelson and Justin Rose . Jordan Spieth has hailed the ` most incredible week ' of his life after winning the Masters at Augusta . Spieth poses in his green jacket having held his nerve in Sunday 's final round in a start-to-finish victory . ` It was very nerve-racking today , ' Spieth said . ` I thought today might be a little easier than yesterday having played a round with the lead but it was n't . I did n't sleep well last night , just got out here and got in a bit of rhythm and we were off . With two major champions behind I could n't let up . ` It 's the most incredible week of my life . This is as great as it gets in our sport , this is a dream come true for me . To shoot some low rounds and to see some putts go in out here and to hear those roars , it was remarkable . ' Spieth was greeted by his family at the 18th green , with his father telling him to do a lap of honour for all the patrons round the 18th green . And the Texan said that it was the moment of seeing his loved ones where it finally dawned on him that he was going to win . Spieth hugs his father Shawn at the 18th green , and he admitted that seeing his family made things sink in . Of seeing his family and friends , Spieth said : ` at that point knew that it was going to be a done deal ' Spieth hugs his grandfather Bob but later said that even then the excitement of winning had n't fully kicked in . ` I saw my family and friends right behind the green , and at that point knew that it was going to be a done deal , ' he said . ` To be honest , it did n't kick in there , it still has n't kicked in . I 'm still kind of in shock a little bit . ` I 'm sure it 'll settle in maybe a little later but it was really great to share that experience with my family who were n't there any of the couple of times I had one so to be at this one was special . ' Asked what was next for him , having fulfilled a life-long ambition , Spieth said : ` I want to be like Bubba -LRB- Watson -RRB- , I want to win two Masters ! Spieth led from start to finish at Augusta , the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years . The 21-year-old reacts after sinking his final putt to win the 2015 Masters Tournament on Sunday . ` I 'm excited already to come back , I 'm excited for the opportunity ahead this year to be the reigning Masters champion , I know that 's going to carry a heavy weight with it and I hope to be ready for it . ' Rose , who finished on 14-under had nothing but praise for the young champion . ` There 's many players in the Tiger era who have rued when Tiger won it by 15 or 12 . Ernie Els , for example , could have won a bunch more major championships if it was n't for one guy . ` Jordan seems to have that same quality right now and he 's very comfortable playing with a lead . A 14 under round here ... I 'll take that every year and take my chances . ' Justin Rose -LRB- left -RRB- finished on 14-under and had nothing but praise for the new young champion .