One is a legendary supermodel and the other is quickly following in her footsteps , so it made sense for Naomi Campbell and her modern-day protegee Jourdan Dunn to team up for a new campaign . Naomi , 44 , and 24-year-old Jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of Burberry 's new eyewear range , the Gabardine collection . The second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat . Jourdan Dunn and Naomi Campbell haved joined forces for Burberry 's new eyewear campaign . The duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames , which were designed to reflect the timelessness , craft and innovation of cotton gabardine . Jourdan and Naomi , who are close friends , look chic in the luxury British fashion house 's colour-pop collared trench coats . The pair first teamed up for Burberry 's spring/summer 2015 campaign , in which they rocked a range of the popular brand 's colourful coats and dresses , and toted bags bearing Burberry 's distinctive plaid pattern . Naomi , 44 , and 24-year-old Jourdan giggle on set as they model Burberry 's new eyewear range : the Gabardine collection . The duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames . Last year , Jourdan revealed that she and Naomi had a rather unconventional first meeting . Speaking to Vogue.com , she recalled : ` I did n't really have time to be nervous about meeting her . It was at the launch of Kate Moss ' Topshop line and I was half naked backstage when she just came running up to me in front of everyone and gave me a massive hug and said , `` hi darling , it 's so great to meet you , we must have lunch '' . ' ` So I was n't nervous because I did n't have time to register being scared really , I was just thinking : `` I 'm half naked and Naomi Campbell is hugging me in front of everyone , and now we 're going to have lunch . OK ... '' ' Dunn also previously revealed that Campbell taught her how to look after herself in the fickle world of fashion : by bringing her own snacks to photo shoots in case the crew forgot to feed her . Jourdan and Naomi look chic in the luxury British fashion house 's colour-pop collared trench coats . ` She told me I had to look after myself - to remember to look after number one , ' said Jourdan . ` She told me to take my own snacks on shoots in case they forget to feed you - which they do sometimes ! And she told me not to forget to ask for time off otherwise you 'll be booked in for job after job after job and never get a break . ' Jourdan was also hand-picked as one of the models to walk in Naomi 's Fashion For Relief catwalk earlier this year . Jourdan revealed that Naomi offered her advice when she first started out and told her she had to ` look after number one ' The pair first teamed up for Burberry 's spring/summer 2015 campaign , in which they rocked a range of the popular brand 's colourful coats and dresses . -LRB- L to R -RRB- Actress Maggie Gyllenhaal , singer Sam Smith , Cara Delevingne , Jourdan Dunn , Kate Moss , fashion photographer Mario Testino and model Naomi Campbell attend the Burberry Prorsum AW 2015 show .