Kevin Pietersen will make his long-awaited return to domestic cricket this weekend as he begins his attempt to force his way back into the England reckoning . The controversial batsman has been named in Surrey 's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an Oxford University side at The Parks , which gets under way on Sunday . A short statement on Surrey 's official website said : ` Kevin Pietersen is named in the squad as Surrey head to The Parks for their final pre-season game before their opening first-class fixture against Glamorgan next week . ' Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey 's 13-man squad to play Oxford University . Pietersen lines up with his Surrey team-mates ahead of his long awaited return to domestic cricket . The former England batsman unsurprisingly got the lion 's share of attention from photograhpers . The 34-year-old has played almost exclusively Twenty20 cricket in various leagues around the world since being axed by England following the humiliating Ashes whitewash defeat last year . Indeed , he has not played a first-class match since January 2014 , when Australia sealed a 5-0 thrashing of England in Sydney , while his last appearance for Surrey in the LV = County Championship was in June 2013 . But he has given up a lucrative deal with Indian Premier League side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey as he bids to win back his England spot . Pietersen hopes he can add to his 104 Test caps and much-storied international career with successful performances for Surrey , who have been only too happy to welcome back the South African-born batsman . The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after last year 's Ashes . Piestersen jokes around by taking a picture of photographers from his phone . Meanwhile , Pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan as the right man to ` change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in England . Ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 Ashes , Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket , a streamlined version of the managing director 's job which was abolished with Paul Downton 's sacking on Wednesday . ` He -LRB- Vaughan -RRB- is close enough to the game to make changes which need to happen for the good of English cricket , ' Pietersen said . ` The way he captained shows he 'll change the brand of cricket currently being played , which we need . ' Pietersen has backed former England captain Michael Vaughan -LRB- left -RRB- to lead England Cricket .