Millions travel to witness the spectacular Grand Canyon every year , but few know that this Arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths . More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe , which is the smallest Indian nation in America . Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of Supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , LDS chapel , and a small Christian church . Scroll down for video . In addition to a church the village of Supai has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office and school . The Havasupai tribe are the smallest Indian nation in America , with just over 600 village inhabitants . Being eight miles from the nearest road , the village is accessible only via a hike through rugged terrain or by helicopter or mule . Positioned eight miles from the nearest road , the Indian village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon , in the heart of the Havasupai Nation reservation . The picturesque plot was claimed by the Havasupai tribe from the National Park rangers in 1975 , after many court battles . Since then tourism has formed the majority of their income , with about 20,000 visitors flocking to discover more about the inhabitants . The tribe also grow food and weave as a source of livelihood , although being situated at the base of the canyon , near to the Cataract Creek , has left them vulnerable to flooding . In 1911 tragedy struck as rain and overflowing of the creek ruined an entire crop field . The Indian village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon , in the heart of the Havasupai Nation reservation . The Havasu Falls , located within Havasupai tribal lands , consists of cascading waters down the 100-ft vertical cliff into a large pool . A decorative Havasupai medicine man -LRB- left -RRB- . The settlement was claimed by the Havasupai Tribe from the National Park rangers in 1975 . The general store sells products for visitors journeying into the canyon settlement for their overnight stay . Day hiking in and out of the settlement is not allowed , with visitors being required to book into a home stay or brave camping . However the additional time enables tourists to full experience the beauty of the Havasu Falls . In addition to these are the Mooney Falls -LRB- located just half a mile from the tribe settlement -RRB- and Beaver Falls -LRB- about three miles away -RRB- . The country 's last mule mail-train makes its daily 16-mile round-trip through the Grand Canyon to the Native American village of Supai . Canyon retreat : The settlement relies on tourism for the majority of its income , selling items and woven products . Young mums and children gather in the Havasupai village in the Grand Canyon National Park . The median age of the tribe is 24.8 years and its inhabitants draw their strength from the land , which they deem sacred . Located nearly 250 miles north of Phoenix , Supai is the only community in the US where mail is delivered by mule . Play time ! Havasupai children playing in their village in the Grand Canyon National Park . Day hiking in and out of the settlement is not allowed , with visitors being required to book into a home stay or camp . Concealed in the heart of the canyon , the village provides simple shelter for those wishing to witness the stunning landscape . Some visitors opt to arrive by helicopter to see the stunning Havasu Falls and learn about the tribe . Packages arrive for the Havasupai Tribe on the backs of mules who have journeyed down the canyon . The tribe call the Grand Canyon National Park their permanent home and see it as their duty to protect it .