Former QPR manager Harry Redknapp feels he still has plenty to offer football but only at the right club , having turned down a ` mind-blowing ' offer to coach abroad . The 68-year-old handed in his resignation at Loftus Road in February , citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the Barclays Premier League strugglers , although he later claimed ` people with their own agendas ' had a hand in his departure and described the situation at the west London club as ` a bit of a soap opera ' . Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday , May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends , as O 's youth coach and Prostate Cancer UK ambassador Errol McKellar hosts a charity football match at The Matchroom Stadium . Harry Redknapp -LRB- right -RRB- says he would consider a return to management as long as it 's at the right club . Redknapp was speaking at the announcement of a Men United XI vs Leyton Orient Legends charity match . The well-travelled former West Ham , Bournemouth , Portsmouth , Southampton and Tottenham manager , Redknapp feels ` fit as a fiddle ' again following knee surgery and would relish another crack at a full-time job , but only under certain circumstances . ` It is difficult to know whether you want to go back in again , but if the right offer came along for the right job then I would consider it , because I do love the game and certainly do miss it , ' Redknapp said . ` But unless it was the right job I would not bother . It has got to be something which I really wanted to do . ` It would not be a case of the money . I had an offer earlier this week to go and work abroad where the money was incredible , a mind-blowing offer , but at the moment it did not interest me . ` I have my wife here , my grandkids and everything else , so it has got to be something I wanted to do . Redknapp resigned as Queens Park Rangers manager with immediate effect in February . Redknapp left the Loftus Road outfit citing knee problems behind his decision two months ago . The 68-year-old left Queens Park Rangers with the club 19th in the Premier League table at the time . ` I do n't have to work any more if I do n't want to at my age , but I feel fit as a fiddle and if I could go into a club somewhere , maybe try to get them up from the Championship or somewhere in the Premier League , then I might be interested . ` I could even work with a younger coach to help them and they could then take over as manager in a year or two , to help build the club up ; that is something which would interest me but we will have to wait and see what comes along . ' While it remains to be seen what chapter will be next in Redknapp 's colourful management career , he hopes to see one of his former clubs Bournemouth go on to secure promotion to the top flight for the first time , with the Cherries currently top of the Sky Bet Championship heading into the final three matches . He said : ` The job which Eddie -LRB- Howe -RRB- has done is second to none . He has been amazing , taking things on to another level . Redknapp is full of praise for the job current Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has done at the club . The Cherries sit top of the Championship with three games of the season remaining . ` I ca n't see them not going up because they are the best team in the league , playing the best football in the division and are a pleasure to watch . They never change their philosophy home or away and are brilliant to watch . ` The owner has come in , Max -LRB- Demin -RRB- the Russian , and has put his money in , helped take the club on . So you do n't know -LRB- what they could do after promotion -RRB- but I would just like to see them get there . ' Redknapp lost close friend and former West Ham team-mate John Bond to prostate cancer and is backing the Men United campaign to help raise awareness of the disease , which is the most common cancer in men with more than 10,000 deaths each year . He said : ` Prostate Cancer is something which can affect any family at any time so it is important that people come out to support this cause . ` We are all scared that if the doctor tells you that you have something wrong , but if you get there early enough it can be cured - you ca n't let it just go . ' Redknapp lost close friend and former West Ham team-mate John Bond to prostate cancer . People are being urged to search Men United and do something great with their mates via prostatecanceruk.org/menunited . Tickets for the Men United XI match are priced at £ 10 adults and £ 5 concessions , and are available from www.lofcdirect.co.uk .