Noelle Reno , socialite , reality TV star and former fiancee of businessman Scot Young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death . She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in London 's Marylebone on to the railings below . In a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ` suicide ' , pre-empting any coroner 's verdict . Socialite Noelle Reno , who is the former fiancee of businessman Scot Young who fell 60ft from his West London home last year , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his horrific death . The tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The inquest was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it . ` Four days before we were to depart from Waterloo to Brussels somebody very close to me , named Scot Young , unexpectedly committed suicide , ' Reno writes in a blog post entitled ` Coping with grief ' , explaining she had been due to travel to Belgium with girlfriends . ` Scot and I had recently broken up after five and a half years of being together , for most of which we were engaged . ' Reno , who was a regular on reality TV show Ladies Of London , was spotted out in metallic shorts at a Knightsbridge soiree last month , her first public outing since the tragedy . Reno , 31 , called the police after she and Young had a blazing row and he later fell from the window . He had been involved in one of the UK 's most acrimonious divorce cases with his ex-wife Michelle after claiming to have lost all of his money in a mysterious Russian property deal , and there was speculation he might have been murdered . His was the latest in a series of ` apparent ' suicides of a group of businessmen that some believe are linked to the Russian mafia . Ms Reno said in a blog post that her former partner ` unexpectedly committed suicide ' , despite an inquest into the cause of his death not yet being concluded . Pictured : The property from which he fell last year . Mr Young -LRB- left -RRB- had been involved in one of the UK 's most acrimonious divorce cases with his ex-wife Michelle -LRB- right -RRB- , after claiming to have lost all of his money in a mysterious Russian property deal . Just one month before Young died , his friend Johnny Elichaoff , the ex-husband of TV presenter Trinny Woodall , fell to his death from a roof in West London . Reno , who had embarked on a project of visiting 12 countries in 12 months at the beginning of last year , inspired by the Julia Roberts film Eat Pray Love , says that travelling helped her come to terms with her ex-fiance 's death . ` I look forward to exploring this new journey in more depth as I come in to a new stage in my life , ' she says .