Diego Costa looks set to be sidelined for at least two weeks after sustaining another hamstring injury during Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City . The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea 's upcoming Barclays Premier League matches against west London rivals Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United . Jose Mourinho threw Costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1 following Charlie Adam 's outstanding 66-yard equaliser to cancel out Eden Hazard 's opener . Chelsea striker Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . Blues striker Costa looks despondent as he sits on the turf following another injury to his hamstring . However Costa , who replaced Blues team-mate Oscar , lasted just over 10 minutes as he pulled up with a hamstring injury . Mourinho 's gamble did not prove to be too costly as Loic Remy netted his side 's winning goal just five minutes after Costa limped off the Stamford Bridge pitch . The Portuguese tactician , speaking to Sky Sports after his side 's win , said : ` In football we have to take risks and as a manager if we have a tough result then I have to make decisions such as bring Costa on in the game . ` All the scans they did two days ago said the muscle was clean , the image was clean and he trained 100 per cent for two days . He did more in those training sessions then he did in the game , he took lots of shots . ` The player was convinced he was ready , not for 90 minutes , but he was ready to play and to help the team . Costa looks in pain after pulling up at Stamford Bridge during Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City . Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa 's fitness despite losing the striker after 10 minutes . ` Sometimes as a manager I have to risk things . Medical departments have to do the same , if they want to be top medical departments like our department is . ` The safe medical department can not work with me . People with fear , afraid to risk , can not work with me . ` My medical department is fantastic , they do fantastically well for us . ` Today between them and the player and myself , things did n't happen the best way , but I 'm happy with that , because it 's football . '' ` If we were 2-0 or 3-0 up we planned not to use him until next week but we had to take that risk . He looks to be out for a couple of weeks minimum but I 'm glad we got the points . ' Chelsea are currently seven points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand over second-placed Arsenal .