America celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on Sunday when Jordan Spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win The Masters . As people clamor to find out about this humble champ from Texas , a letter penned six years ago when he was still in high school has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image . As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . Scroll down for video . A letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at Jesuit High School in Dallas , left , has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image . As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas , the PGA golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . In the thank you note , Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program , reports The Dallas Morning News . Spieth , already dreaming about winning the Masters , was already an extremely talented golfer in 2009 and he casually informs the family that he 's the No. 1 junior golfer in the country . The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday 's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills . As he stepped off the final green he embraced , in turn , his father Shawn , his mother Chris , his college sweetheart Annie , his brother Steven , who plays college basketball , his grandfather and various friends . He then went back on to the 18th green and formally acknowledged the patrons crammed into every available space . ` He 's just a class guy in every way and it 's difficult not to root for him , ' said golf legend Phil Mickelson . Spieth hugs members of his family after securing his first ever major title at Augusta National . Spieth walks back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the large crowd watching on . Spieth -LRB- right -RRB- pictured with his college sweetheart girlfriend Annie . Another legend impressed by Spieth was Jack Nicklaus , who posted this tribute : ` Congratulations to an exceptionally talented young man . That was an incredible performance . ` Jordan is so beyond his years . I like everything about him . He 's polite , he 's humble , he handles himself so well , on and off the golf course . And he 's obviously a wonderful player and now a Masters champion . ' The one family member who was n't present to enjoy the celebrations was Jordan 's 14-year-old sister Ellie , who suffers from a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum . The siblings regularly Facetime each other and every time they talk Ellie asks he brother if he has won yet . ` I 'll finally be able to tell her yes , ' he said , smiling . ` I know she was watching on television and I think she 's going to be a bit jealous of us all hugging round the 18th green , ' he said . ` She 's going to want a present . ' Spieth spends time with his family as he poses for a photo with sister Ellie -LRB- centre -RRB- and brother Steven -LRB- right -RRB- . Spieth pictured in his younger days playing basketball left-handed . Golf should not have been Spieth 's game at all . Nobody in the family plays -- they are all big basketball fans . But Spieth was given a set of plastic clubs at the age of four and took it from there . When he set out he was ranked 809th in the world . Now he is No 2 behind Rory McIlroy . In 18 months , he has banked more than $ 13 million on the PGA Tour alone . In his past four events he has won two and finished second twice and when he says : ` I do n't see this as a great run of form , I see this as normal , ' it does not come across as at all boastful . Jesuit High School was recently in the news for all the wrong reasons when the Daily Mail Online exposed former pupil , Parker Rice , as one of the Oklahoma University students filmed conducting his Sigma Alpha Epsilon brothers along in a racist chant on a bus last month .