With its gabled , late-Victorian red-brick exterior and oak-panelled interior , Cournswood House could almost be Bletchley Park , the English country house at the heart of the recent Oscar-nominated drama The Imitation Game , about the cracking of Germany 's wartime Enigma code . So it is appropriate that at least two of Cournswood 's long-term residents have had strong Bletchley connections . The first was wartime Naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . His funeral was attended by many from Bletchley Park , and a memorial stone to Knox can be found bordering the property . Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean . Bletchley connections : Codebreaker Dillwyn Knox , left , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 and right , Sharon Constancon , who is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park . And the current owner , businesswoman Sharon Constancon , is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park . ` I only discovered this when I went on a visit to Bletchley Park with my uncle , ' says Sharon . ` The Leon family donated the building to the Government in 1937 for use as a code-breaking centre . ' While both are in Buckinghamshire , Cournswood House is in the south of the county -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean -- while Bletchley Park is in the town of Bletchley in the north , 20 miles away . During the Second World War at Bletchley Park , Dillwyn Knox led the team that made the first breaks into the code Germany was using , and he encouraged Alan Turing -- the subject of The Imitation Game -- in his work there . Although Knox does not feature in the new movie , he was portrayed by actor Richard Johnson in the 1996 television film Breaking The Code , which starred Derek Jacobi as Turing and Prunella Scales as his wife Sara . The pool is in a glasshouse , where vines thrive in the heated environment . A separate glasshouse houses the Jacuzzi and a herb garden . Cracking mysteries seems to be something Knox enjoyed in his private life too , as novelist Agatha Christie was a good friend and often visited Cournswood . ` I fell in love with Cournswood House the moment I saw it , ' says Sharon , who bought it in 2003 . ` It 's an outstanding property with lots of potential . ' Apart from the main house , there are two cottages , offices , a swimming pool , Jacuzzi , gym , and woodland with lakes , Japanese-style bridges , waterfalls and fountains . The pool is in a glasshouse , where vines thrive in the heated environment . ` The grapes are perfect for making chutney , ' says Sharon . A separate glasshouse houses the Jacuzzi and a herb garden . Price : £ 4million . Location : North Dean , Buckinghamshire . Bedrooms : 5 . Unique features : Office suite , indoor swimming pool , two cottages , Jacuzzi , gym , grass tennis court , former home of wartime codebreaker Dillwyn Knox . There are five bedrooms , four bathrooms -LRB- two en suite -RRB- and five reception rooms . The large drawing room has high ceilings , ornate cornicing and a fireplace with carved wooden mantel and surround . Double doors open on to a triple-tiered terrace , with an open barbecue , that overlooks the lakes and woodlands . In the dining room , solid parquet flooring continues through to the serving room , reached through a pair of oak double doors . The modern kitchen is a chef 's delight , with Gaggenau and Miele ovens . In the centre is an island incorporating a breakfast bar and storage units . ` I love entertaining and the kitchen offers everything you could possibly want , ' says Sharon . The reception hall features a sweeping staircase to the first floor , where there are the bedrooms and bathrooms as well as two dressing rooms and a TV/cinema room . The master bedroom opens on to a circular balcony with stunning views over the gardens , lakes and woods . In the library , still concealed behind one of the wall panels , is Knox 's private safe . One of the property 's cottages overlooks the lakes , while the other is on the edge of the woods . ` Both cottages are ideal for short - or long-term lets or for staff , friends or family visits , ' says Sharon . At the entrance to the property there are electric gates with majestic stone golden eagles perched on top of pillars . ` I 'm moving to downsize , ' says Sharon . ` I 'll miss the privacy , security and tranquillity , not to mention the wildlife , such as deer , red kites and ducks . ' hamptons-int.com , 01494 611313 .