The number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people in the last decade . The number of fatal crashes involving teenage drivers has dropped 55 per cent in the past decade , according to a U.S. report . Between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people . New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities . Ruth Shults , an injury prevention researcher at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta who worked on the report , said graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent . Graduated licenses can put curfews on young drivers , putting less teens on the road at night . These types of licenses can also restrict the number of passengers a new driver can have in their car , according to Autoblog . Some states limit young drivers to one passenger , while others only allow relatives and driving instructors . As for time restrictions , some states , such as Idaho , do not let young drivers on the road from sunset to sunrise . Other states have more concrete time periods , such as 11 pm to 5 am or 12 am to 6 am . The age in which graduated licenses change from beginner to intermediate to fully privileged driver also varies among states . Eric Teoh , a senior highway statistician at the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety in Arlington , Virginia , who was not involved in the study said younger teens might not be getting behind the wheel , which means less accidents can occur . On average , three out of four U.S. high schools students aged 16 or older reported to have driven in the past 30 days when taking a survey . ` An 18-year-old novice is probably more prepared maturity-wise than a 16-year-old novice , ' he told Autoblog . Three out four U.S. high schools students aged 16 or older had driven at least once during the 30 days before a survey was taken by the CDC , according to the report that announced the fatality information . The report looked at students in 42 states - California , Colorado , Indiana , Iowa , Minnesota , Oregon , Pennsylvania and Washington were not included . The percentage of students who drove was higher in Midwestern and mountain states , and it was found to be lower in metropolitan areas .