Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June . Lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month but his efforts on Friday night settled a drab contest at the KC Stadium . The 22-year-old winger showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener . The hat-trick puts him out in front as Super League 's most prolific finisher in 2015 . Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 . Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull , with tries from Kevin Brown and Patrick Ah Van unable to prevent Widnes from falling to a fifth away defeat out of five . It was a third match in nine days for both sides , although Widnes had reason to feel more hard done by after their Easter Monday trip to Catalans . Ah Van had an early opportunity to give the Vikings an extra spring in their step but a foot in touch saw his effort ruled out , although Rhys Hanbury 's pass was forward in any case . There was no doubt when Lineham slid over in the corner at the other end after Shaul had spun out of a tackle and found his winger with a nice cut-out pass . The Vikings were defending doggedly near their own line to prevent a second Hull try when Stefan Marsh and Chris Dean were both forced off following a sickening clash of heads . Lineham had a good chance to lay the platform for another Hull raid following a break down the right but his pass was intercepted by former Black and Whites hooker Aaron Heremaia . Widnes worked their way downfield and were back level when Brown , whose high kick in the build-up appeared to have gone forward off Ah Van , forced the ball down from dummy half . The Vikings lost a third player as Lloyd White hobbled off , but they thought they had edged in front when Joe Mellor touched down his own dab through , only for the video referee to correctly rule a knock-on . What might have been a half-time lead turned into a six-point deficit as Lineham intercepted Brown 's pass and raced 95 metres for a try which took him level with Castleford 's Justin Carney on nine for the season . And he was out on his own as leading try scorer when he repeated the trick just after the break , Hanbury the victim on this occasion as he tried to find Ah Van 10 metres from the Hull line . Lineham almost turned provider on the hour mark but his wild pass could not be taken in by Shaul . Jordan Rankin was then wide with a 40-metre penalty attempt after play had been brought back for a shoulder charge by Eamon O'Carroll . But Hull did not have to wait too much longer for their next points as Rankin 's grubber kick hit a post and sat up perfectly for Shaul to slide over . Widnes , who saw Gil Dudson held up over the line earlier in the half , gave themselves some hope when Ah Van finished spectacularly in the corner , but it proved no more than a consolation .