Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney . Literally . The 27-year-old bared all to those at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury , Austalia as he attempted to ride Miss Royale to victory . During the final turn in Race 1 , Shinn stood up on his horse to gain momentum as he tried to overtake leader Tommy Berry with the finishing line in sight . Australian jockey Blake Shinn -LRB- right -RRB- suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing on Thursday . Shinn -LRB- right -RRB- bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury , Australia during the race . Shinn 's -LRB- right -RRB- elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride Miss Royale to victory on Thursday . However , unfortunately for Shinn the only thing sight that took the gaze of those watching was his naked behind . Atop Miss Royale as it tore down the home straight , the elastic in Shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side . ` I was more worried about winning the race . They -LSB- the pants -RSB- went just after the start and there was nothing I could do , ' he said afterwards . ` I think a lot of people are going to have a bit of fun with this , but they ca n't say I was n't focused and went to the line . ' The 27-year-ol Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down . Despite his embarrassing mishap , Shinn was in good spirits after the race when he jokingly compared his situation to that of beauty queen Jennifer Hawkins . Back in 2004 , Hawkins ' skirt slipped off her waist during the Westfield Miranda catwalk fashion parade . And Shinn saw the funny side of his own untimely reveal by tweeting : ` Now I know how Jen Hawkins feels . Tried to give my fellow jocks a bum steer but unfortunately backfired . Should of had my @BondsAus on . ' Australian beauty queen Jennifer Hawkins embarrassingly revealed her backside during a catwalk in 2004 . Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing . ` He needed a belt at the 200-metre mark , ' Rudolph said . ` We usually report gear malfunctions , but we are leaving that one alone , ' Mr Rudolph said , according to Fairfax Media . Unfortunately for the champion jockey , he was n't able to win the race , but he proved once and for all he always has a crack .