Northampton 's maligned hit man is primed to go big-game hunting again with no intention of toning down his use of legitimate force in the wake of renewed criticism . Courtney Lawes arrived in France with the Saints , ahead of the Champions Cup quarter-final against mighty Clermont Auvergne , carrying notoriety as excess baggage . His brutal tackle on France fly-half Jules Plisson at Twickenham last month , in the Six Nations finale , angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned . While the match officials and citing officer deemed that no action was needed , the England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel and there were cries of protest in these parts , too . England lock Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson . Click here to read Jeff 's article on Lawes ' tackle . Writing in these pages , Jeff Powell suggested that Lawes should apologise for an offence that he argued would put parents off allowing their children to play such a brutal , damaging game . The comments found their target but the 26-year-old is a laid-back character and was unfazed by the storm he had created . ` I just took it on the chin and thought , `` People are going to say what they think sometimes , and sometimes people are going to view things differently '' , ' said Lawes as he prepared for another momentous Anglo-French encounter . ` Obviously he has the outlet of the Daily Mail to post his thoughts . I tweeted him . I was n't fussed about it but I thought I 'd send him a little tweet , just to get my own back a bit ! ' Aside from that particular outburst of condemnation , there were widespread concerns expressed about the timing and legality of his tackling style , but Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record . ` To be honest , as long as it is legal and I 'm not putting my team in any jeopardy doing it , in terms of me getting booked or sent off or anything like that , I 'm going to do anything I can to help the team , ' he said . ` I 'm not the sort of person who is fussed about what people think of me . I 'm only bothered about what I can do for my team and for myself as a player . Coaches know how good you are , no matter what things other people are saying outside the room . Lawes crumples Plisson in the aftermath of his monstrous tackle on the French fly half . ` The fact is that my record is very clean . I 've only been cited once and I 've never been red-carded . I do n't think I 've had many yellows , if any , this year . I do n't have a malicious streak . I know I 'm not a thug , I do n't go around punching or fighting , any of that rubbish . ` I just get on with the game . I do n't even allow people to get me too aggravated , I just get on with my own thing . I 'm comfortable being who I am . If people want to say I 'm something else , that 's fair enough . ' One of the accusations levelled at Lawes is that he sets out to intimidate smaller opponents , notably half-backs , leading to a multitude of one-sided collisions . He argues that trying to unsettle and nullify these primary decision - makers is a reasonable and vital aspect of his repertoire . ` If you can put pressure on the 10 , then you go out and put pressure on the 10 , and if you can do it legally then why ca n't you do it ? ' he said . ` That 's the way I see it . I 've got that kind of timing around the ruck and I 've got the speed to get to the 10 . My size is the reason that the impact is so big , but I do n't go looking for it . A livid Yoann Maestri pushed Lawes in the face and grapples with the England man following his challenge . Lawes and Maestri continue their disagreement on their feet as matters threaten to boil over . ` It makes a big difference to the game if you can stop the 10 from passing or stop that particular play . It does n't even have to be a big hit , it just makes a difference if that 10 knows that he has pressure on him . ` There is obviously a line between a legitimate and a late tackle because people get yellow-carded for late tackles . ` You watch the replay of the hit on Plisson and the other player has not caught the ball before we 've hit the ground . The fact is , had the tackle not looked as severe as it did no-one would have said anything . ` The only reason is because of the impact , which looks bad because he 's landed on his head . I have n't tipped him up or anything like that -- I 've just followed through with my tackle . I did n't even know he did n't have the ball until I looked up afterwards . ' 26-year-old Lawes passes the ball during a Northampton Saints training session earlier this week . Lawes has revealed that he intends to maintain his destructive style of play for Northampton on Saturday . Asked if he intended to resume normal , destructive service for Northampton on Saturday -- in defiance of the criticism -- he added : ` Yeah , of course . I 've never done anything to get myself sent off in terms of my tackle timing or whatever , so why would I stop if it is legal ? ' Northampton , the champions of England , face a colossal challenge against a French club who simply do not lose at home , especially in Europe . The Saints and three of their fellow Aviva Premiership teams have daunting ties away from home , but captain Dylan Hartley has hope for the quartet . ` I am fully confident in ourselves , ' Hartley said . ` I think Wasps have a big ask in Toulon but we saw with 14 men the other night how dangerous they can be . I think Sarries against Racing could get a result there . And Bath v Leinster , who knows ? I think there could be a few upsets . '