Richie Benaud made commentary look easy . Believe me , it is n't . But he put in the hard work and he rose to the top . There 's a lesson there for a few of the blokes who pick up a mic today . I had the great honour of doing a stint on Channel 9 in Australia during an Ashes Test a few years ago . They 'd only recently introduced the concept of using three commentators in one go and , as usual , Richie was keeping his contributions to a minimum . I mean that in a good way -- again , another lesson for today 's batch . Anyway , Richie had noticed something out in the middle and flicked what we call the lazy switch , so he could have a quiet word with the producer without the viewers hearing him . He wanted some footage of an incident he 'd spotted a couple of overs earlier -- Shane Warne had done something in the slips and it had passed the rest of us by . Richie Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC . Benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife Daphne , and during his later years in August 2005 . Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . Finally , the producer located what he wanted . Warne , who had n't bowled yet -- but who would go on to skittle England for the umpteenth time -- had picked up his bowling marker , a small white disc , and thrown it to where he thought he 'd be starting his run-up . Between overs , they broadcast Warne 's gesture . Richie said : ` Shane Warne 's just put a marker down . ' That was his only contribution in the half-hour we were on together , but it beat anything else we had to offer . One line ! It was classic Richie : he had the eagle eye to see what Warne was doing in the first place , the confidence to stay quiet while we rabbited on , and the perfect choice of words . As he might have put it himself : marvellous . I thought of Richie during the World Cup final last month . For some reason Star Sports , the tournament 's global broadcasters , used a team of rookies to commentate on the match . Some of them were among the game 's greatest modern-day players , but it was painfully apparent none of them had done much commentary . It was terrible TV . They just could n't pinpoint the moment -- no emotion , no elation , no despair . How we missed Richie that evening . He never went overboard but he could have captured all those qualities in that understated way of his . Sometimes he could be very understated indeed . David Gower , Geoffrey Boycott and Benaud assembled a formidable line-up for the BBC in 1995 . A master with the microphone to his lips , Benaud also was well aware of the power of silence . Australia cricket legend Benaud shakes hands with HM Queen Elizabeth II during his playing days . I remember talking to Michael Slater , who teamed up with him in the commentary box in his later years . He spoke about one day when Richie did two half-hour stints as one of three commentators , and did not say a single word . Slats described it as ` bagging a pair ' , the term for a batsman who gets two ducks . But that was Richie . If there was nothing to add to the picture the viewers could see , he would n't add to it . It really pains me now , for example , when commentators start reading out a graphic that has appeared on screen for all to see . It might be the top 10 leading runscorers at a particular ground , or something similar , and they just read out the list ! It 's incredibly lazy . Richie would consider the list , and then say something like : ` And No 4 could soon be moving to No 2 . ' He would n't even name names -- he respected the intelligence of the viewer . And I know how much viewers responded to that . One of his best qualities was that he never sought the limelight . He was n't in it for the ego . He 'd turn up in the commentary box and if he was off-air , he 'd set up at the back of the box , take out his computer and do his homework on the newest player on the scene , or look up the latest horseracing odds . The chemistry he had with the likes of Tony Greig and Bill Lawry was amazing . It was unmissable . And it was based on a deep mutual respect and love of the game . Benaud -LRB- front left -RRB- leads Australia off at Old Trafford in 1961 as England collapsed against his leg spin . Benaud , pictured in 2006 during the launch of his book My Take on Cricket , was widely respected and loved . Benaud pays tribute to Australian media mogul and cricket pioneer Kerry Packer after his death in 2005 . And , boy , he loved the game . One evening , Richie , Ron Atkinson and I were treated to dinner in Birmingham by the News of the World , who we were all working for at the time . Ron was covered in bling and telling us all how he could get into any nightclub in town and was ready for a lively evening . Richie was n't a big drinker , but he 'd allowed himself a couple of glasses of red , and he started telling this story about the great Australian leg-spinner Bill O'Reilly . It 's fair to say the story was on the longish side and by the time Ron had disappeared into the night and Richie was being bundled into a waiting taxi , we were still learning all about Bill O'Reilly ... He had this wit that made all other commentators want to be like him . He did n't really go in for after-dinner speaking , but he might occasionally be asked to say a few words . Once he spotted me in the audience , and quickly remembered the time I was hit in the groin by Jeff Thomson -LRB- have I mentioned that before ? -RRB- . Tributes are seen at the statue of Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground after his passing aged 84 . ` Ah , there 's David Lloyd , ' Richie said . ` I remember him telling me in 1974-75 how he could play Thommo with his c *** ... and then he proceeded to do precisely that . ' The joke was all in the pause and the timing . He was a great leg-spinner , a superb captain , and a lovely bloke . I can just imagine how warmly he 'll be welcomed by some of the other great commentators up in the sky : Brian Johnston , Alan McGilvray , John Arlott , even Freddie Trueman . Fred was often known to splutter : ` I just do n't know what 's going off out there . ' Richie , it 's safe to say , never suffered from the same affliction . We 'll miss him dearly . And so will cricket . ON COMMENTATING . ` What I want most from being a television commentator is to be able to feel that , when I say something , I am talking to friends . ' ` My mantra is : put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' ` The key thing was to learn the value of economy with words and to never insult the viewer by telling them what they can already see . ' ` Out in the field , you have n't got anyone whispering into your ear saying all sorts of things , you 've got to do it yourself . ' ON CAPTAINCY . ` The hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ' ` Captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . But do n't try it without that 10 per cent . ' ON BATTING . ` Bruce Reid is not the worst batsman there is at international level but those who are worse would not need to hire the Myer Music Bowl to hold a convention . ' ` Glenn McGrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . ' ` He 's not quite got hold of that one . If he had , it would have gone for nine . ' ON BOWLING . ` A bleeding ring finger at the end of every training session was not only normal but essential for my development as a wrist spinner . ' ` Your wrist must be cocked , but not stiffly cocked . ' ` You must always look where you want to land it . If I offered you 10,000 dollars to hit a tin can , you 'd never take your eyes off it . ' ON TWENTY20 CRICKET . ` If any form of game can pull 20,000 spectators into a game of cricket it 's great for the sport . I think it 's wonderful . ' ` As long as the people who run the game have brains and keep three forms of the game I think it will be terrific . ' ON SHANE WARNE 'S ` BALL OF THE CENTURY . ` Gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . Still does n't know . ' ON 1981 's ` UNDERARM BOWLING ' SCANDAL . ` A disgraceful performance from a captain who got his sums wrong . It should never be permitted to happen again . One of the worst things I have ever seen done on a cricket field . ' MISCELLANEOUS . ` The slow-motion replay does n't show how fast the ball was really travelling . ' ` A cricket ground is a flat piece of earth with some buildings around it . ' ` He 's usually a good puller - but he could n't get it up that time . ' ` Cricket has changed for the better ... it 's because of what happened then , cricket is so strong now . '