Julie Walter , 49 , who has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents in sheltered housing out of money . A woman has been branded a ` menace to the community ' after she posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents . Julie Walters , 49 , has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash . She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground in Manchester before an 80-year-old man and an 81-year-old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks . Today , police issued CCTV images of Walters of Withington , Manchester , hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester 's Minshull Street Crown Court . The court heard how the first victim , a man aged 81 , was targeted at about midday on February 25 this year when he was walking back to his sheltered accommodation . He saw Walters get out of a taxi and she asked him for money , claiming she needed to pay the taxi and then go into town . Mistakenly thinking she was one of the wardens , he gave her about £ 30 in cash . The next day she returned to the man 's address , claiming she worked there , and needed to check his bathroom . After tricking her way inside , she stole his wallet and £ 100 in cash . Walters struck again on March 2 at the home of an 80-year-old man who lives at another retirement home . She falsely claimed she was from the church which convinced the man to let her inside . Walters then rifled through the kitchen , stealing his wallet containing between £ 50 to £ 60 in cash . Later that day and at the same retirement home , Walters targeted the home of an 81-year-old woman , claiming she was from ` the council ' and needed to use the toilet . Once inside , she stole a £ 5 note from the woman 's handbag but was caught red-handed . When confronted she simply put the note on the coffee table and left . Walters was identified on the CCTV footage by a beat police officer and she was arrested on March 4 . Investigations showed she had booked taxis to drop her off and then pick her up at times and locations matching those of the three burglaries . Today , police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside a complex , where she targeted two residents , after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester 's Minshull Street Crown Court . After the case Detective Sergeant Rachel Smith of Greater Manchester Police said : `` Walters is devoid of conscience and scruples . `` She is also extremely manipulative , not only in terms of tricking her way into the homes of vulnerable people but also targeting those she thinks are too frail or elderly to recognise her or give evidence in court . `` In fact , in this case , one of the victims did feel he was too old to go to court but thankfully the woman who caught her red-handed positively picked her out of an identity parade and that , combined with the CCTV and mobile phone evidence we found , created an overwhelming case against Walters . `` I can not overstate what a menace to the community Walters is but thanks to this excellent investigation , she is now starting a lengthy jail sentence and the streets are much safer with her behind bars . `` I would also like to commend the victims for giving their statements despite some reservations about their age . ` By doing so , they have not only helped effect justice for themselves but also saved other potential victims a great deal of heartache . ''