The collapse in Roberto Mancini 's relationship with Manchester City was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club . When names like Scott Sinclair , Jack Rodwell and to a lesser extent Adam Johnson were signed , he could barely disguise his contempt , feeling none of them would help him take on Barcelona and Real Madrid in the Champions League . ` Ask Marwood , ' he would spit out when asked about the club 's transfer policy , referring to the club 's then-football administrator Brian Marwood who was responsible at the time for buying players . Tottenham defender Danny Rose has been linked with a move to Manchester City . Mancini was sacked in 2013 and nearly two years on , Marwood has a new role at the academy with a Spaniard , Txiki Begiristain , in his old job with the title director of football . And yet the dilemma remains the same : How do City buy enough top English players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP -LRB- financial fair play -RRB- regulations again ? It wo n't be easy and could explain why City -- who have slumped to fourth in the league -- are being linked with less glamorous names like Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell . Good players certainly , but good enough ? Probably not . It 's a sobering thought that Rodwell made only seven Premier League starts in two seasons for City after a £ 12million move from Everton . Sinclair started just twice after signing from Swansea and is currently on loan at Aston Villa . Plenty of things at City have been carefully planned and executed well since the club 's owners from Abu Dhabi took over in 2008 . -LRB- From left -RRB- Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain , assistant manager Brian Kidd , manager Manuel Pellegrini and former football administrator Brian Marwood . The Etihad Campus is a glittering monument to football development and helping the community , while two Premier League titles , the FA Cup and Capital One Cup is an excellent trophy haul considering where the club have come from . But one weakness has been in their approach to having enough homegrown players , lagging behind most of their rivals . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger signed Theo Walcott , Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Calum Chambers and Manchester United bought Wayne Rooney , Phil Jones and Luke Shaw as teenagers . Most spectacularly , Liverpool bought players like Jordan Henderson , Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling and invested in making them better . Spurs have brought through Harry Kane and Ryan Mason from their academy . Only Chelsea face similar issues to City . Homegrown rules are complicated and differ slightly between competitions . Scott Sinclair -LRB- left -RRB- and Jack Rodwell are two English players who were bought by Manchester City . In the Premier League , you must have eight homegrown players if you fill your squad of 25 . Homegrown players can be born overseas as long as they have been at a club 's academy three years before the age of 21 . If clubs ca n't find eight , they have to reduce their squad accordingly , as Chelsea have had to this season . Under 21 players can be named in the squad in addition to the 25 . City 's six Premier League homegrown players are : Joe Hart , Richard Wright , Dedryck Boyata , Gael Clichy , Frank Lampard and James Milner and there lies a major problem for next season . Lampard is definitely off and Milner is out of contract too . Clichy has endured a poor season and City will want a new left-back while Boyata , a Belgian who has been at City since he was 16 , is not good enough to win a regular first-team place . The feeling is he was only offered his latest contract because he filled one of the homegrown slots . Ditto , third-choice goalkeeper Wright . Manchester United signed both Wayne Rooney -LRB- left -RRB- and Luke Shaw as teenagers . The Champions League squads of 25 also require eight players to have been trained in England , but four of those must have come through the ranks at City . Boyata was their only club-trained player named this season . It will be a major problem for the club next season as their one-season punishment -LRB- for breaching FFP rules -RRB- to name a squad of 21 is lifted and they can name 25 again . These will be issues exercising the minds at the very top of the club . But whichever way they look at it , City have three options which carry a downside : . 1 -RRB- Spend big on the best English players 2 -RRB- Find their own from their academy or 3 -RRB- Buy cheaper English players who might not be good enough . Daniel Sturridge -LRB- left -RRB- and Jordan Henderson are two players Liverpool bought to boost their English quota . For option one , supply and demand is a problem . There are probably only three England players most people would call good international-class and therefore worthy of a place in the City team should they want to win titles at home and abroad . Hart is already there , Wayne Rooney is at Manchester United and presumably unattainable while Raheem Sterling would be a premium price . ` Can you get Sterling ? Maybe if you go to Liverpool with £ 100million you can , ' complained Manuel Pellegrini recently . No wonder City appear ready to open negotiations at £ 50m . Kean Bryan is one of the young players at Manchester City who is tipped to go on to big things . Midfielder Kean Bryan ticks all the boxes for what Manchester City hope to achieve in the future . A box-to-box midfielder from Manchester , he joined City at the age of 11 and has gone on to be an England youth international at different age levels . Aged 18 , he has played for Patrick Vieira 's under-21 elite development squad this season , and played five matches in City 's run to the quarter-finals of the UEFA Youth League , a Champions League equivalent for under-20s . Been compared to Steven Gerrard . The last Mancunian to play regularly for City was Michael Johnson and he had to retire early after injury problems . Of the next generation , £ 60m has been quoted for Everton 's Ross Barkley , a huge price for unproven talent . Harry Kane would be an interesting target as would Everton 's Under21 defender John Stones , who might represent the best value-for-money . Jack Wilshere has had injury problems . City 's academy cost £ 200m but so far none has broken into the first-team squad regularly . Marcos Lopes is on loan at Lille and may move there permanently . Karim Rekik has played Champions League football for PSV . City will hope starlets like Jose Pozo , Thierry Ambrose , Mathias Bossaerts , Seko Fofana , Jason Denayer and Kean Bryan will become their homegrown first-teamers of the future , but they are unlikely to make a major contribution next season . Bryan is novel and interesting , he is from Manchester and has been likened to Steven Gerrard . Ross Barkley is one of the most hotly tipped players in England and worth in the region of £ 60m . The third option is to try and sign any English Premier League player who is available . It might not be the best idea for the players themselves , Johnson said after he was sold to Sunderland that the move to City can turn sour for young players . ` It is a lot different when you do n't play . The novelty wears off , definitely , ' he said . Rodwell is now at Sunderland too , while Sinclair will make his loan move to Aston Villa permanent provided they stay up . Rose and Cresswell be warned . Making up the numbers at Manchester City does n't necessarily help the player or club . PREMIER LEAGUE . Eight players in the 25-man squads must be homegrown . A player counts as homegrown if they have spent three years at an English club up to the age of 21 . Squads can be supplemented by as many Under 21 players as clubs want . CHAMPIONS LEAGUE . Eight of the 25-man squad must be homegrown , four of whom must be club-trained ie have come through the ranks of the actual club they are playing for . Squads can be supplemented by Under-21 players provided they have been with the club for at least two years . SERIE A . From 2016 , squads will be limited to 25 players -LRB- not counting Under 21s -RRB- , four of whom have to have grown up in Italy and four of whom have to be products of their club 's academy , similar to Champions League rules . Clubs are not allowed to sign more than two non-EU players in a season . LA LIGA . Clubs are not allowed more than three non-EU players in their squads of 25 , or in matches . However , after five years , you can apply for Spanish citizenship and become an EU player , as Lionel Messi has done . There are no additional homegrown rules for EU players . BUNDESLIGA . Clubs need to include eight homegrown players , including four from their own youth academy , in their squad . But unlike the Premier League , squads are n't restricted to 25 players so they can still sign as many non-homegrown players as they like . There are no restrictions on signing non-EU players . MANCHESTER CITY . Association-trained homegrown players : Joe Hart , Richard Wright , Gael Clichy , James Milner , Frank Lampard . Club-trained homegrown player : Dedryck Boyata .