Liverpool 's sponsorship agreement with Standard Chartered Bank has been extended for three years . It was announced on Tuesday that the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season . Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds ' main sponsor in July 2010 , with this being the fifth season the company 's logo has appeared on the team 's shirts . Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank . Club ambassadors and executives pose with Standard Chartered chairman Sir John Peace on Tuesday . Liverpool chief commercial officer Billy Hogan said : `` This extension further demonstrates the great strength of our long term relationship and the success of our partnership with Standard Chartered . `` The sponsorship of the Liverpool shirt is extremely prestigious and only five brands will have adorned the shirt in the 40 years since we created the sponsorship opportunity . `` At the end of this term we will have been working in partnership with Standard Charted for almost a decade and we continue to collaborate on our shared values , passion and commitment to the community . '' Peter Sands , group chief executive of Standard Chartered PLC , said : `` Liverpool Football Club is a fantastic club and hugely popular across our global footprint . Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- takes on Aston Villa 's Leandro Bacuna in the FA Cup semi-final . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers -LRB- right -RRB- is still in search of his first trophy with the club . `` Over the last five years our partnership has allowed us to deepen our engagement with our customers , clients and staff , and has provided valuable support to the charitable initiatives close to our hearts . `` We are very pleased to be able to continue this collaboration , and look forward to what we can achieve together in the future . '' The joint statement announcing the news said the financial terms of the agreement remained confidential . Reports have suggested the current deal is worth around £ 20million a season .