Chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west London after a strong showing in Manchester to see off City 's young side . Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead . Sportsmail was at the Academy Stadium to see how the youngsters got on ... Tammy Abraham smashes Chelsea into the lead with a fierce drive into the top corner . Manchester City -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- . Kjetil Haug : Norwegian international has been on the bench for long periods but got the nod and looked shaky under the high ball . That said , powerless to stop Abraham 's volleys and Soalnke 's killer . 6.5 . Pablo Maffeo : Barcelona-born former Espanyol youngster is not the tallest and at times struggled with Chelsea 's diagonals early on but grew into the game and could have levelled . 6.5 . Tosin Adarabioyo : Manchester lad and England youth international , City 's captain was a commanding presence at the heart of defence . Has the movement of Yaya Toure but put a big shift in . 7 . Christian Haug goes up for the ball under pressure from Chelsea forwards during the Youth Cup final . Cameron Humphreys-Grant : Has captained England and , like Adarabioyo had his hands full against a vibrant Chelsea attack but stood up to the test well . 6.5 . Jose Angelino Tasende : Spanish left-back is not the tallest and was not able to drive forward as much as he would have liked against strong opposition . 6 . Kean Bryan : Box-to-box midfielder from Beswick , yards away from the Etihad Stadium , pulled up injured after 36 minutes but battled back bravely but missed a glorious chance to tie things up . 6.5 . Manchester City midfielder Kean Bryan tracks the run of Dominic Solanke as City looked to stem the tide . Aaron Nemane : Moved to Manchester from France as a toddler , the wide man who scored twice in the first leg of the Semi Final did outwitted Dasilva with a delightful tap and go but could not find the final , killer ball . Blasted wide when should have levelled . 6.5 . Bersant Celina : Kosovan international Celina struggled to fill in for injured star Thierry Ambrose , seeing one shot from the edge of the area easily held by Collins . 6 . Manu Garcia : Joined City from Sporting Gijon and the mini David Silva showed some neat touches on the rare occasions he found space . Was largely ineffective and should have done better when teed up by Barker late on . Yanked on 85 minuted . 6 . Manuel Garcia gets a shot away , but it was blocked by Jake Clarke-Salter . Isaac Buckley-Ricketts : Pacy Mancunian centre forward produced measured finish to bring City level but was marshalled well for the majority of the evening . 7 . Brandon Barker : City 's star man , the two-footed local lad is tipped for big things at the Etihad but was perhaps guilty of trying to do too much at times here . Did create a fine chance for Garcia with a trademark surge and almost levelled late on . 7.5 . City 's players celebrate after Isaac Buckley -LRB- left -RRB- had levelled the game in the first half . Chelsea -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- . Bradley Collins : The Southampton-born stopper could do little about City 's opener and distributed the ball well . 6.5 . Fikayo Tomori : Canadian born but eligible for England combined well with Clarke-Salter to nullify City 's threat in a commanding-looking partnership . 7 . Ola Aina : England Under-19 right-back found space time and time again down the right . Quick , strong and often influential . 7 . Jake Clarke-Salter : England Under 18s international often too strong for Buckley-Ricketts and , on the evidence of this sterling performance , is one to watch . 7 . Jay Dasilva : Under-21 regular is still 16 . Fortunate to escape at least a caution with a from-behind challenge in the first half but was solid at the back and lively going forward , whipping in a number of decent crosses . 7 . Ruben Sammut : Scottish youth international covered his back four expertly and kickstarted a number of breaks as City pressed . 6.5 . Ruben Sammut plays the ball out in an excellent performance protecting the back four . Tammy Abraham : Two volleys for his 35th and 36th strikes of the season . Big , bold and often brilliant , Chelsea will be hoping the injury that saw him substituted on 67 minutes is not serious . 8 . Charlie Colkett : Put in a captain 's shift in the centre of the park as the visitors won the midfield battle . Is tipped for big things and showed just why . 7.5 . Abraham makes it 2-1 at the Academy Stadium with an acrobatic finish past Christian Haug . Dominic Solanke : Scored for England in the European Under-17 Championship Final and put in a powerful shift here , teaming up well with Abraham before effectively killing the tie with a neat third . 7.5 . Charly Musonda : The Belgian playmaker , the only overseas man in the starting XI , was quiet by his standards and drilled a decent chance tamely wide . Departed late on . 6 . Isaiah Brown : Said to be interesting Jose Mourinho but will not want to dwell on his big moment early on when he blasted over bar when unmarked on the edge of the box . Miss aside , was a constant menace . Substitutes : . Kasey Palmer -LRB- Abraham , 67 , 6 -RRB- : On for Abraham and showed explosive pace straight away but was let down by a hurried attempt at a finish which flew over the bar . Isaiah Brown holds off a tackle from Fikayo Tomori , during another impressive display for the young forward .