Kevin Bowes , 53 , lost several teeth and had nine ` avoidable ' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his Guisborough practice . A man whose teeth were reduced to ` apple cores ' has won £ 30,000 in damages from his former dentist , after suffering more than a decade of dental neglect . Kevin Bowes lost several teeth , had four ` avoidable ' root canal treatments and five ` avoidable ' crowns fitted at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough , North Yorkshire . The semi-retired teacher at a specialist children 's unit said his life had been changed forever , revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay . The 53-year-old , from Guisborough , said : ` I feel completely let down by Dr Crees . ` I was devastated , I had no idea my teeth were in such a bad condition . ` He allowed my teeth to deteriorate so badly over the decade I visited him and all the time with a smile and a friendly demeanour which made you feel you were in good hands . ` How wrong I was . ' His family had been patients of Mr Crees for more than 10 years when in January 2013 , a friend suggested his wife visited a different dentist for a second opinion . And when Mr Bowes went to see the new dentist , he was given a devastating diagnosis . He added : ` The other dentist told me that I had decay in a number of teeth and would need lots of treatment to repair them . ` I had more X-rays than I care to remember and my teeth were so decayed the dentist described them as ` apple cores ' . ` Before becoming a teacher I had been a successful entertainer and singer , full of confidence . ` However I have been advised that my treatment does not end here and I am likely to need ongoing treatment for years . ` It 's really knocked my confidence and has changed my life forever . ' After the extent of the decay was revealed , Mr Bowes instructed specialist dental negligence solicitors , the Dental Law Partnership , which secured a £ 30,000 payout following a two-year legal battle with Dr Crees . Mr Bowes has won £ 30,000 in an out-of-court settlement after a two-year battle with Dr Crees . Kate Chadwick , associate solicitor at the Dental Law Partnership , said : ` Kevin has been the victim of mistreatment by his dentist for years . ` This decade of neglect was a real catalogue of errors with Dr Nicholas Crees failing to diagnose and treat decay and carrying out extractions without informed consent . ` Fortunately he visited another dentist for a second opinion who immediately spotted the problem , otherwise , left untreated Mr Bowes may well have lost more of his teeth . ' Dr Crees , who , despite the out of court settlement has not admitted liability , said that due to patient confidentiality it would be inappropriate for him to comment on the case at this time .