MI5 covered up the sexual abuse of boys in the notorious Kincora home , a former Army Intelligence officer claimed last night . Brian Gemmell , a former captain in the Intelligence Corps , said spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children 's ' home . He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ` very powerful ' figures in a Westminster paedophile gang . Scroll down for video . Brian Gemmell , a former captain in the Army Intelligence Corps -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said MI5 spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children 's ' home , Kincora . He claimed he was sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at Dolphin Square apartment complex in Pimlico and Elm Guest House , in Barnes , west London , which are being investigated by Scotland Yard amid ` credible ' claims a Tory MP murdered a young boy . Campaigners claim Mr Kerr 's account provides a clear link between VIP paedophile rings in London and Belfast . MI5 has faced long-standing allegations of covering up child abuse to enable it to gather intelligence on Loyalist politicians during the Troubles . But it has also been accused of not acting to protect leading Establishment figures involved in the crimes . Mr Gemmell , who served in military intelligence in Belfast , presented a report on allegations of abuse at Kincora to a senior MI5 officer in 1975 but to his astonishment was told to quit his probe . Speaking to Mr Kerr on Channel 4 News , he said : ` That 's the thing that hits me - that if I really pushed the thing through , you could have been rescued . I 'm sorry . ' His revelations will strengthen calls for the allegations about the Irish children 's home to be covered by the judge-led abuse inquiry announced by Home Secretary Theresa May . The inquiry will investigate whether public bodies , including governments , charities , the Church and BBC , failed to protect children . It was set up amid claims a child sex gang operated in Westminster in the 1980s . The investigation into historical abuse , which will be led by New Zealand High Court judge , Justice Lowell Goddard , is likely to be able to study files held by MI5 . Mr Gemmell said : ` I think Richard 's transporting over to the United Kingdom mainland to be abused , rather than just being abused in Northern Ireland , speaks volumes . It ties the two together . ' Mr Gemmell met with victim Richard Kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from Kincora -LRB- pictured -RRB- before being molested by ` very powerful ' figures in a Westminster paedophile gang . Speaking to Channel 4 News , Mr Kerr , who now lives in Dallas , Texas , said he and two other boys suffered abuse at Kincora in the mid-1970s before being trafficked to London in 1977 , where they suffered further abuse . Boys - many in local authority care - are alleged to have been abused by figures including the late Liberal MP Cyril Smith , Cabinet ministers , clergymen , pop stars , spies , judges and members of the royal household . MI5 has been accused of suppressing allegations of child abuse against the politician , who died in 2010 , when they were made during the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s . The Kincora children 's home in east Belfast was run by William McGrath , the head of an extreme Protestant loyalist group called Tara and an alleged MI5 informant . He and two other members of staff -- William Semple and Joseph Mains -- were jailed in 1981 for sexually assaulting boys in their care . In February , lawyers for victims challenging the refusal to include Kincora in Justice Goddard 's wide-ranging inquiry told the High Court in Belfast that MI5 was aware of the abuse but allowed it to continue to protect those responsible from prosecution .