An Alberta student who 'd accidentally left his headlights on all day was greeted by what may have been the world 's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car . But Derek Murray , a University of Alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold November day in Edmonton -- he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life . Now that Murray 's life-affirming tale has now gone viral , he says ` It just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone 's day a little brighter . ' Good Samaritan : A friendly stranger left this unbelievably friendly letter to Alberta law student Derek Murray in order to help him get his car started after he left the headlights on all day . At first , though , he assumed the letter was from an angry fellow motorist , he told the National Post . ` When I first saw the note , I was expecting it to be an angry letter from someone telling me not to park there . Instead , I got someone just totally brightening my day . My day could have been ruined but , because of this guy , it was the highlight of my day . ' The note reads , in part : . I noticed you left your lights on . The battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle . I left a blue extension cord on the fence and a battery charger beside the fence in the cardboard box . If you know how to hook it up , use it to start your car . What followed was a detailed explanation of how to use the equipment . ` Sure enough , ' Derek recalled to the National Post , ` I looked over at the house my car was parked beside , and there was a blue extension cord plugged into an outlet behind the guy 's house with a battery charger right there beside it . ' Derek was able to get his car started , but when he rang the good Samaritan 's doorbell , there was no answer . So , Derek left his own note as a thank you for the kind gesture . He later snapped a photo of the stranger 's friendly note to post to Facebook , where it has now gone viral . The note has been viewed millions of times and even Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson retweeted the photo . Derek snapped a photo of the note for Facebook and it has since gone viral . e ` It just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone 's day a little brighter , ' Derek said .