Chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year , according to a new documentary . Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed , it has been claimed . One former medical student revealed how ` blood was still running ' as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband , a surgeon , had removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive . Scroll down for video . Thousands of organs are being harvested from political prisoners in China with the Falungong group a key target , it is claimed . Members of the group are shown mocking up an operation as part of a 2014 protest . The harrowing details were revealed in the SBS Dateline documentary Human Harvest : China 's Organ Trafficking which charted an eight year investigation in to what is said to be a multi-billion pound ` organs-on-demand ' transplant programme . It reveals Red Cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in China , even though the country has the second highest rate of transplants in the world . Human Rights lawyer and Nobel peace prize nominee David Matas told Leon Lee 's documentary that political prisoners make up the huge difference in the figures -- with the banned religious group , the Falun Gong , a key target . ` Somebody 's being killed for the organs . There 's no other way to explain what 's happening , ' he said . Mr Matas added that this explained the short wait for transplants in the country . Human Rights lawyer David Matas -LRB- pictured -RRB- claims people are being killed for organs in China - a country where there are only 37 registered organ donors according to the Red Cross . ` Everywhere else in the world it would be months and years . When you book a transplant in advance , for a heart transplant , and you go to China and you get a transplant within a few days . ' The documentary claims that doctors and medical students in state-run military and civilian hospitals are taking thousands of organs a year from donors while they are still alive . One former health worker is quoted as saying : ` I testify to the atrocious crime that the hospital committed in removing livers and corneas from living Falun Gong members . ` Some of them were still alive when they were secretly burnt in the incinerator that was in the boiler room . ' It has been claimed that members of the banned religious group , the Falun Gong , are key targets -LRB- file picture -RRB- . One medical student revealed how he took a liver and two kidneys from one person in an operation that took 30 minutes . Chinese officials have denied the allegations , saying that organs are taken from volunteers , the Sydney Morning Herald reports . SBS quotes Health Minister Jiefu Huang as having said in a previous state television interview : ` The main source of our organs is from death row prisoners . ' But China 's government last year vowed that this programme would be wound up by August this year . Officials have faced criticism over the use of death row prisoners , but human rights lawyers involved in the investigation want further action with those responsible brought before the International Criminal Court in The Hague . The documentary aired on Tuesday night on SBS Dateline .