So , once again , it will all come down to the actions of a man from Salto . On this occasion , though , the focus will not be on Salto 's most famous son . Luis Suarez will be at the Parc des Princes tonight , forming one part of football 's most famous three-man attack , looking to fire Barcelona into the Champions League semi-finals . Usually when they reach this stage , Barcelona do not make any mistakes . Standing on the other side of the pitch will be someone who Suarez knows inside out , a player who hails from his home city in Uruguay and with whom he has shared a number of big nights when representing their country . Edinson Cavani prepares for Paris Saint-Germain 's quarter-final clash with Barcelona . PSG train at Camp-des-Loges in Saint-Germain-en-Laye , west of Paris . Cavani celebrates scoring for the Paris side in the League Cup final last weekend . Edinson Cavani knows the spotlight will be shining on him this evening . If Paris Saint-Germain are to break through the glass ceiling and progress beyond the Champions League 's last eight , Cavani -- a player known as El Matador -- must torment the stars from Catalonia . The onus falls on Cavani for a number of reasons . First , PSG have been stripped by suspension of two key players , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti , the product of that ugly last 16 success against Chelsea ; Thiago Motta is injured , while David Luiz is also a major doubt . Yet there is more to it than that . Cavani has a towering reputation in the game , stemming from three prolific seasons in Naples which led to his record-breaking move to Paris , but can you think of a really vital game that he has stamped his class all over ? To suggest that may seem a little harsh . He came within the width of a goal post at Stamford Bridge of being the undisputed match winner and his bullet header in the first leg in February that gave Laurent Blanc 's side the opportunity to travel to London with parity . Since then , however , Cavani has endured problems and a significant goal drought for one of his talent . Between February 17 and April 5 , Cavani went seven matches without scoring and only ended the fallow spell with a double as a substitute in the Coupe de Ligue final on Saturday . PSG won that game 4-0 but had matters sewn up before Cavani came on and helped himself to a double late on -LRB- Ibrahimovic had scored twice to give them breathing space -RRB- ; it was his first action since an angry altercation with Blanc a week earlier during a 3-2 win in Marseille . Zlatan Ibrahimovic slides in on Oscar during PSG 's second round clash at Chelsea last month . Ibrahimovic is shown the red card for his challenge on Oscar to leave PSG up against it . Ibrahimovic trudges off the field and will miss the first leg of the quarter-final against Barcelona . It has led to speculation about his future in Paris and he has been linked with a number of sides in the Barclays Premier League ; Liverpool , for one , would have loved to have signed him last summer but the figures were exorbitant -LRB- he earns more per week than Radamel Falcao -RRB- . Arsenal and Manchester United have also been mentioned with him , while Manchester City tested the water in June 2013 when it was clear that Cavani 's time in Serie A was over ; the intensity of his play , you suspect , would enhance his prospects of thriving in the English game . Nasser Al Khelaifi , PSG 's president , maintains one of the jewels in their crown will not be sold this summer but the recent noises Cavani has made have not been ultra-enthusiastic and hint that he might be ready for a new challenge after two years in France . ` I came to play as a centre-forward with Zlatan and after , things changed for a variety of reasons , ' said Cavani . ` Everything else is perfect in Paris . The club has behaved very well towards me . I have had some difficult moments personally , and they protected me , supported me . ` The fans have also always supported me . I think I 'm in one of the best places in the world . I 'm staying focused on my preparation to give my best for my team , to the club that pays me and has shown faith in me . You never know in football . I 'm not thinking about it . ' Tonight his focus will be on Barcelona . With six goals in eight Champions League appearances this season -- he averages one every 143 minutes and has created 10 chances for his team-mates -- it would be risible to suggest Cavani has something to prove on this stage . That said , it might not be wrong to suggest he needs a big moment . Ibrahimovic 's ability to sprinkle stardust is beyond question , while Veratti is fast becoming one of the finest midfielders in Europe but , without them , PSG need their man from Salto to sparkle . Their prospects depend on him . Louis van Gaal is considering a move for Cavani after seeing Radamel Falcao struggle this season . Cavani is one of the highest-paid players in the world after moving to Paris from Serie A side Napoli . Cavani will come up against Luis Suarez , who was born in the same town , in the first leg in Paris .