The wife of a Florida chef who was killed by a suspected drunk driver on Saturday has given birth his son , only three days following his death . Ana Granucci Davis , 28 , wife of St Petersburg chef Aaron Davis , 31 , gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday . ` Andrew and I are doing very well and we are both ready to take on this new adventure together with Audrey , my daughter , ' Mrs Davis told the Tampa Bay Times following her son 's birth . Scroll down for video . Aaron Davis , head chef at The Kitchen , fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2 am , according to police -LRB- Aaron pictured right with his wife , Ana Davis , and their baby girl Audrey -RRB- . On Tuesday , Mrs Davis gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence Davis -LRB- above -RRB- on Tuesday , three days after her husband died . Mr Davis , head chef at The Kitchen , was walking on Central Avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2 am , police said . The driver and his passenger , Rayvorris Altuan Oliver , 27 , fled the scene following the crash . Police said Mitchell ran several red lights before driving into Mr Davis , and his co-worker , Brian Lee LaFrance , 28 , with his rented 2015 Dodge Charger . Mr Davis died at the scene and LaFrance was was treated and released from Bayfront Health St Petersburg . Last week Mr Davis -LRB- far right -RRB- had decided to quit smoking and was going to put the savings towards his children . Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter , vehicular homicide , aggravated fleeing and eluding , leaving the scene of a crash involving a death , DUI serious bodily injury and trying to escape from police headquarters , according to the Tampa Bay Times . ` We were just starting our lives , ' said Mrd Davis , who is head chef at 400 Beach Seafood and Tap House , following her husband 's death . ` He was n't even driving . He was walking . ' On Friday around 10 pm , Mrs Davis sent a message to her husband saying that her pregnant stomach was making her too uncomfortable to sleep to which he responded , ` I 'll be home soon to rub your feet ' . Police tried to stop the car around 2 am but it sped off through a red light -LRB- above footage of the car as it turns on emergency lights before speeding off -RRB- . Police said Davis was sent flying over the hood of the car and over its roof before landing on the sidewalk , and died at the scene . His coworker was injured but treated and released from hospital -LRB- above the rented Dodge Charger following the crash -RRB- . She expected Mr Davis home around 2.30 am but her messages to him were left unanswered . An hour and a half later , she received a knock on her door with two police officers telling her he had died . Mitchell -LRB- above -RRB- faces several charges including DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide . Moments before Mr Davis was struck by Mitchell 's speeding car were captured on video released by police . In the footage , the driver is seen turning on emergency lights before shutting them off and then speeding through a red light . St Petersburg police tried to stop the car around 2 am but Mitchell sped off . As Mr Davis and LaFrance were walking to the parking garage , police said they had the green light . After the Dodge Charger struck the men , Mr Davis was sent flying onto the car 's hood , over the roof and onto the sidewalk while LaFrance was sideswiped and thrown onto the pavement , according to police . ` We saw the gentleman flying across the street , like a cartwheel , ' witness Marcus Byer who heard a loud boom on Saturday morning told the Tampa Bay Times . The car then hit two concrete pillars knocking one over and tearing off the vehicle 's front right wheel before coming to a halt . Police eventually caught Mitchell and Oliver at Push Ultra Lounge after they fled the crash scene through an alley . On Saturday , a memorial was held for Mr Davis as people close to the couple wrote messages on a white chef 's apron and left flowers near the scene of the crash . The couple met four years ago and married in 2013 . They had a daughter Audrey , 21 months old , before Mrs Davis gave birth to their baby boy on Tuesday . Mrs Davis , head chef at a St Petersburg restaurant said : ` The rest of my life I 'll definitely be an advocate against drunk driving ' -LRB- above Aaron and Audrey -RRB- . The couple met four years ago and married in December 2013 , and shortly welcomed their first child , Audrey , who is now 21 months old . Last week , Mr Davis had made the decision to quit smoking and was going to use the savings towards their children . As Mrs Davis copes with the loss of her husband she says she will be an advocate of drunk driving , and that she is happy to have her two children . ` The rest of my life I 'll definitely be an advocate against drunk driving . And hopefully the rest of their lives they will too because they 're going to miss out on so much , ' she said . ` But I got the best of all : He left me those two . ' The restaurant where Davis worked as head chef , The Kitchen , made an announcement on Facebook on the loss of their valued colleague and family member . A funeral service will be held on Wednesday for Aaron at the Anderson-McQueen Funeral Home in St Petersburg . A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family with financial needs and has already raised $ 26,611 in donations . A funeral service will be held on Wednesday for Aaron at the Anderson-McQueen Funeral Home in St Petersburg at 3 pm , according to WTSP . Mitchell is being held in Pinellas County Jail on a $ 60,500 bond . He has a history of arrests including grand theft auto and fleeing police . Oliver , his passenger , will not be charged in connection to the fatal crash , police said , however he was given a misdemeanor notice to appear in court for marijuana . On Saturday , an impromptu memorial as held for Aaron as people close to the couple wrote messages on a white chef 's apron and left flowers near the scene of the crash .