A senior Secret Service supervisor has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters . The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Xavier Morales , her boss , in a Washington , D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . After the two employees returned to the office from the party , Morales , 48 , tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted , according to two people briefed on her statement . Secret Service supervisor Xavier Morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters . The woman alleged that Morales did not relent until after a brief struggle , according to the Washington Post . The party , held on March 31 at the Capitol City Brewing Company , was being thrown in Morales ' honor to celebrate his recent assignment to head the Louisville Secret Service field office . Morales , who was a manager in the agency 's security clearance division , was due to start his new position this week . Instead , he had to turn in his gun and badge and had his security clearance suspended after Secret Service internal investigators began a preliminary review and conducted interviews in regards to the female agent 's complaint , according to agency spokesman Brian Leary . Secret Service Director Joseph P. Clancy released a statement to the Washington Post saying the ` allegations as reported are very disturbing ' . ` The Secret Service is an agency that demands that our employees conduct themselves with the highest level of integrity , ' he said . ` Any threats or violence that endangers our employees in the workplace is unacceptable and will not be tolerated . ' Clancy had his investigators refer the case to the Department of Homeland Security 's inspector general , due to Morales ' high rank . D.C. police have also been contacted due to the criminal nature of the allegations . The incident has come barely a month after two Secret Service employees crashed a government car into a White House barricade after drinking at an agency retirement party nearby . Morales , who is married to a longtime special agent , was responsible for determining which agents should lose their security clearance or jobs because of misconduct or other reason . The new position he was meant to start this week is considered a major stepping stone within the agency . The female agent -LRB- not pictured -RRB- alleged she was attending a party with Morales -LRB- pictured at a Hispanic American Police Command Officers Association event -RRB- when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex .