Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it 's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle . It might have been handy if someone had shared the message before they got off their bus in Swansea on Saturday . If Hull do go down , and their final fixtures suggest it is a distinct possibility , then this will be among the missed opportunities they regret the most . What a curious sight to see Steve Bruce 's players so lethargic , disinterested almost , in the first half against a side with nothing tangible to play for . Paul McShane scores against Swansea but Hull still fell to a 3-1 defeat at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday . Hull defender McShane is keeping faith that the Tigers will avoid relegation despite a tough run of games . Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league . Stranger still when you consider their final seven games include fixtures against Southampton , Liverpool , Arsenal , Tottenham and Manchester United . They did n't manage a shot on target until they were two goals behind and , as they did against Chelsea a fortnight ago , they waited until the game was almost out of sight before stringing a few passes together . That wo n't cut it on this run-in and McShane , whose goal briefly had Hull in the game at 2-1 , knows it . He said : ` It 's like we need to go 2-0 down to get going and that 's not great from our point of view . Bafetimbi Gomis lifts the ball over Hull goalkeeper Allan McGregor to seal a 3-1 victory for Swansea . Gomis celebrates his second goal of the afternoon to push Hull close towards the relegation zone . ` The situation is worrying . It 's always worrying when you are down there because there are always twists and turns in the last few weeks . ` This has got to be a massive wake-up call because it 's all right when you are a few places above the relegation zone but you look at the points difference and it 's nothing really , a weekend can change it . ` We are definitely bang in it . It 's always the same , every year there are teams that put runs together and others who get dragged into it . Gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick before half-time to capitalise on some poor Hull defending . David Meyler 's red card left Hull in a difficult position , when they were threatening to get back into it . ` We have to realise that we are fighting for every point . We need to sort it out . ' Ki Sung-Yueng put Swansea ahead and Bafetimbi Gomis scored a brilliant bicycle kick for 2-0 . McShane got Hull back in the game before David Meyler was sent off and Gomis finished the job in stoppage time . The Frenchman has now scored eight times this season but it remains to be seen if he stays beyond the summer following his agitations for a move in January . Garry Monk said : ` We can not afford to lose any quality players and Bafe is a quality player . We are only looking to add which we have to do if we want to do well next season . '