What the hell am I doing , I ask myself , as I stand shivering on the brink . It 's April and my first proper swim of the year . The North Sea stretches before me . I dip a toe in . It 's absolutely freezing ... of course . I wobble over the sharp shingle , into the waves , until I 'm waist-deep . Gasping for breath , I take the plunge . And , within seconds , making frantic strokes , I 'm swept up and I 'm swimming . And it is glorious . Scroll down for video . Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down , and has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk -LRB- pictured -RRB- . I 'm not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek , racing crawl - I 'm that woman with the white-hatted head bobbing up and down offshore in a rather staid breast stroke . You do n't have to be watching Poldark for a dip in the sea to set your heart racing . I love to swim . Miserable winters , exams , love affairs ... I 've swum through them all , wherever I can find the water . Most of the time this means municipal pools from which I emerge reeking of chlorine and praying I 've avoided verrucas . So best of all has to be swimming outdoors , and here on the East coast in Suffolk it is now warm enough -- just about -- for the sea . And despite the greyness , the appalling cold , and the downright bleakness of the North Sea here , I 'm in heaven . The poet Byron -- who was every bit as proud of his phenomenal swimming prowess as his verses -- called the experience a ` buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion ' . I do n't have to swim the four-mile-long Hellespont between Asia and Europe as he did to know what he meant . I , too , am buoyed up in every way . Yet I 'm not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek , racing crawl . Nor am I that hardy chap I read about recently , known as the ` human polar bear ' , who swims round icebergs in the Arctic . A 30-minute dip leaves me exhausted . I ca n't even dive . You need look no further than Aidan Turner in Poldark to see how a dip in the ocean can set pulses racing . I 'm that woman with the white-hatted head bobbing up and down offshore in a rather staid breast stroke . But in the water I do n't care . And , for me , that 's the magic of swimming . I am completely free . For a few precious moments , all my troubles wash away . Nothing bothers me and my whole world flows ` swimmingly ' . Of course , it would be easier to get in if it were n't so damned cold -- nudging a steely 8C -LRB- 47F -RRB- . Yet however enticing it is to bask in languid , tropical waters along with colourful fish , and laze about in Mediterranean and Caribbean seas , give me the Atlantic any day . Because , for me , the most perfect swim of all is in Scotland , off the Hebrides . What I love is the emptiness , the menthol cool of the water . On the Isle of Islay I have found deserted bays and swum completely alone or just with those I love , the sea crystal-clear and only the sound of the curlews and the water lapping over the rock pools . It 's not warm , of course , but immersed in that wild sea is the closest to beauty I have ever been . Why does it affect me so ? Freud , not surprisingly , had a view on a love of swimming . He believed it disguised a desire to return to the amniotic waters of the womb . But that 's the sort of Freudian thing he would say . I prefer the thoughts of novelist Jane Austen , so much more restrained , who simply declared swimming ` delightful ' . She found the combination of sea air and sea water ` nearly infallible ' and ` a match for every disorder ' . To the Romans , swimming was a most manly , heroic occupation , so much so that they defined an ignorant man as one who ` neither knows how to read or swim ' . Caligula , the cruel and brutally wanton Roman emperor , deemed himself a god but his contemporaries whispered he was a wimp -- behind his back , presumably -- because he could n't manage a front crawl or even a doggy-paddle . I came across a similar attitude when I lived in London and finally plucked up the courage to swim in the famous , natural , spring-fed ponds on Hampstead Heath . The exclusive ladies pond is in a picture-perfect setting , surrounded by trees and wild flowers . But I was scared to go in . The problem was I could n't see the bottom . The water was so black and deep , my thoughts would turn black and ominous too , imagining drowning and wondering how many rats were lurking in the murky shadows . But one day , the local indoor pool I used was unexpectedly closed . So I braved the pond . And it was a revelation . I felt I was swimming through silk . I never knew water could be so soft and I forgot about the rats and the unknown depths . And with all the passion of a convert I became so keen on the fresh water and splashing about with ducks I was determined to swim there all year round . Poet Lord Byron -LRB- left -RRB- was a prodigious swimmer , once crossing the four-mile Hellespont from Asia to Europe , while Jane Austen praised the sea air and water as ` a match for every disorder ' I bought neoprene gloves and shoes and , as autumn came and the temperature dropped , I invested in a wet-suit . Because although there is something to be said for the way you emerge from cold water stinging and tingling as if heated by a feverish drug , I 'm not hardy enough for swimming through liquid ice . But , unfortunately , I was not allowed to wear my new wetsuit -- ` not in the spirit of the ponds ' , I was told by the strict Hampstead matriarchs who police it . And my passion faltered and I had to wait again for warmer weather . The coldness of our climate meant that , for centuries in Britain , swimming in the wild for pleasure was considered close to madness . The sea and rivers were regarded as sources of disease rather than pleasure . And the Church saw swimming as a rather sinful pursuit , possibly because Romans treated it as the opportunity for more erotic activities than a few hale and hearty lengths . But then , at the end of the 18th century , George III gave swimming the royal stamp of approval by taking dips in the sea off Weymouth , accompanied apparently by a band who struck up God Save The King every time he popped his head out of the water . In 1824 , Britain 's first swimming society was formed by a group of Old Etonians . The David Camerons and Boris Johnsons of their day initiated non-swimmers by taking them out onto the River Thames and chucking them in . The Victorians had more gentle ways of learning to swim . A Boys Own Paper of 1879 suggested learning from frogs -- by catching one , putting it in a bowl of water and then lying your body across a table and imitating the way it moved . George III brought swimming to fashion in England after years of scepticism from prudish members of the church . Whatever methods people learned to swim they were effective and , as more people took to the waters , something had to be done , in the name of modesty , about the habit of swimming naked . A cover-up campaign began , much to the annoyance of Francis Kilvert , a West Country curate who , in 1872 , complained about the ` detestable custom of bathing in drawers ' . He loved ` the delicious feeling of freedom in stripping in the open air and running down naked to the sea ' . Forced to put on underwear -LRB- red and white striped -RRB- to conceal himself , he complained that : ` If ladies do n't like to see men naked , why do n't they keep away from the sight ? ' Indeed given the hysteria generated by Poldark actor Aidan Turner 's quick Cornish dip , watching men swimming seems to be a pleasure that has never dimmed . Personally , I hate being seen swimming , though others clearly do n't . On the nearest beach to me , the determinedly old-fashioned Aldeburgh on the Suffolk coast , I watch doughty local residents wander through the town in great towelling robes for a morning dip , proudly showing off bodies leathered and tanned by years of immersion in the sea . They are following in the footsteps of the composer Benjamin Britten , the town 's most famous resident , who extolled the virtues of cold water ` just to wake you up ' . On a good day , he 'd manage as many as five ` bathes ' , as he called them , fitting them in between rehearsals and lunch , as well as late at night in the moonlight . His love affair with water lasted through his whole life . He composed the piano piece Early Morning Bathe , which captures all the initial pain and ultimate pleasure of a swim off the English coast -- that ` it 's lovely when you 're in ' feeling . But the problem , for me , is the indignity of actually getting in and out of the sea . It 's bad enough trying to keep your feet as you stagger in . But , unless it is unusually calm , there 's not a hope of emerging from the surf with the composure of bikini-clad Ursula Andress in the Bond film Dr No . As I get out , the waves can be so pebble-filled-heavy I 'm often hurled flat on my face and have to scrabble over the stones on my stomach . But the humiliation of looking like a seal heaving itself onto dry land is worth it for the joy of that swim . So I will continue to confront the North Sea , take delight when the temperature climbs a few degrees as we head into summer in the weeks ahead and then grit my teeth again as it plummets back into winter . Because I know from experience that , whatever the season , once I 'm swimming , I 'm reminded , however briefly , how wonderful it is to be alive .