January , it is said , is a bad time to do business . Either prices are inflated or you 're picking up problem players other clubs do n't want . This year , it seems , has proved no different . Big-money buys have struggled to impact , while loan signings , too , have not had the desired effect . Here , Sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers ... Juan Cuardrado arrived at Chelsea for £ 23m from Fiorentina but has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge . Juan Cuadrado -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . For a fee in the region of £ 23m and arriving from Fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for Colombia at last summer 's World Cup , Cuadrado was expected to help fire Chelsea towards the Premier League and Champions League crowns . In nearly three months , however , he has played just over three hours of top-flight football , failing to score or create a goal in that period . The Colombian winger arrived with a big reputation after starring at the 2014 World Cup . Meanwhile , during the Champions League exit to PSG , Cuadrado appeared for just 11 minutes and remained a spectator as they were eliminated following the second leg at Stamford Bridge . Perhaps next season was always pencilled in for the explosive winger to make his impact , but the jury remains very much out based on his early efforts . Wilfried Bony -LRB- Man City -RRB- . With Sergio Aguero perennially troubled by injury problems and Edin Dzeko about as reliable as his team-mate 's hamstrings , £ 28m Swansea striker Bony was supposed to be the man to take on the scoring mantle and see home City 's defence of their title . Wilfried Bony has netted only one goal as Manchester City have slipped out of the title race . His arrival , of course , was delayed by participation at the Africa Cup of Nations , but Bony has done little to breathe new life into City 's stuttering season . There has been just one goal -- the opener in a routine 3-0 home win over West Brom -- and he has missed the last two matches -- including the derby defeat at Manchester United -- after turning an ankle in training . The former Swansea striker scored more Premier League goals than any other player in 2014 . He has started just two games and his involvement during the Champions League defeat to Barcelona was restricted to 18 minutes at the Nou Camp . Bony will have to hit the ground running next season or his days at City could soon be numbered . Mauro Zarate -LRB- QPR -RRB- . Perhaps the Argentinian should have taken the hint when Harry Redknapp tried to send him back to West Ham before he had even kicked a ball for the R 's . Mauro Zarate has failed to make an impression at Loftus Road during his loan . Premier League rules meant he had to stay and , four substitute appearances later , Zarate is yet to score or lay on a goal for his latest employers . Zarate fared slightly better at Birmingham City in 2008 when , during another loan stay , he netted four times . Zarate scored two goals in seven appearances for West Ham before being farmed out on loan . That , though , was not enough to keep the Blues in the Premier League and it looks as if he 'll have a second relegation on his C.V. come May . Callum McManaman -LRB- West Brom -RRB- . The £ 4.75 m capture of McManaman from Wigan was hailed as something of a coup given how he had impressed for the Latics on occasion . Callum McManaman 's move to the Hawthorns has coincided with West Brom 's slip into relegation battle . But therein lies the problem with the combative forward -- getting him on the pitch and keeping him there . Talented , no doubt , but McManaman 's progress at The Hawthorns has been curtailed by an ankle problem and six appearances later he is yet to trouble the scorers . The Scotland international was one of the stars of Wigan 's unlikely FA Cup victory in 2013 . He has n't featured for over a month and , in that time , West Brom have slid back towards the relegation mire . McManaman 's arrival was intended to help safeguard against such a scenario , so in that respect the signing has disappointed . Filip Djuricic -LRB- Southampton -RRB- . Big things were expected of the Serbia international given Ronald Koeman 's prior knowledge of the skilful winger -- who played for Heerenveen in Holland - and Southampton 's recent record in the transfer market . Ronald Koeman brought in the talented forward , but Filip Djuricic is yet to complete 90 mins for the Saints . There have been flashes of promise but the 23-year-old is yet to play a full 90 minutes for the Saints and now finds himself sidelined with an ankle problem . Djuricic -- on loan from Benfica -- wants to make permanent his stay on the south coast , but injury could rob him of the chance to impress . The on-loan Benfica winger -LRB- left -RRB- will have to do more to make his move to St Mary 's permanent .