Amid the frenetic chaos of a North East derby low on sustained quality came a goal as memorable as any scored in this fixture over the years . Sunderland were the better team here . They were superior in terms of energy and creativity against a Newcastle side rather inexcusably playing -- to use the term their manager hates -- with their ` flip-flops on ' once again . Nothing Dick Advocaat 's home team did , however , was anywhere near as exquisite as the goal that won this contest for them . It was a goal seemingly taken from another day and dropped haphazardly right into the middle of a match that did n't really deserve it . Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire Sunderland into a 1-0 lead against Newcastle United . Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul was unable to do anything about Defoe 's 45th-minute strike as he watches it fly into the net . The 32-year-old watches on as the strike - his third for Sunderland - flies over Krul in the Magpies goal . The former Tottenham striker wheels away in celebration of his brilliant strike just before the half-time whistle was blown by Mike Dean . Defoe seemed overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf shortly after putting Sunderland into a 1-0 lead . Sunderland : Pantiilmon 6 ; Jones 6.5 , Vergini 6 , O'Shea 6 , Van Aanholt 6.5 ; Cattermole 6.5 ; Defoe 7.5 -LRB- Johnson 78 ' 6 -RRB- , Larsson 6 , Gomez 7 , Wickham 6 ; Fletcher 6 . Subs not used : Bridcutt , Reveillere , Graham , Coates , Mannone , Buckley . Booked : Vergini , Van Aanholt , Wickham , Larsson , Gomez . Goals : Defoe 45 ' Manager : Dick Advocaat . Newcastle : Krul 6 ; R Taylor 5.5 , Janmaat 6 , Williamson 6 , Colback 5.5 ; Gutierrez 6.5 ; Cabella 5 , Sissoko 5 , Gouffran 5 -LRB- Riviere 57 mins 5.5 -RRB- , Ameobi 5 -LRB- Armstrong 86 ' 6 -RRB- ; Perez 5 . Subs not used : Anita , Elliot , Obertan , Abeid , Kemen . Booked : Taylor , Colback . Manager : John Carver . MOM : Defoe . Referee : Mike Dean 7 . Att : 47,563 . * Player ratings by Ian Ladyman at the Stadium of Light . Jermain Defoe gave Sunderland a 1-0 lead with this brilliant volley - CLICK HERE to see more from our brilliant Match Zone service . Only seconds remained in the first half when Sunderland 's earnest but limited centre forward Steven Fletcher leapt to head a long pass from his own goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon towards Jermain Defoe . Still 25 yards out , the former England striker must have thought about bringing the ball under control . He had players arriving in support on either side . It would have been the sensible thing to do . True goalscorers have a mindset that is always switched to ` glory ' , though , and instead of taking the pragmatic route , Defoe decided to buy a ticket for the raffle . Moments after swinging his left foot at the ball he looked up to see it sail over Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal . All of a sudden , he was holding the winning ticket . On a weekend of sensational goals , this was another born of perfect technique , ambition and courage . It deserved to win a game that Sunderland deserved to win and it is up to the rest of Advocaat 's players to ensure it contributes to a run of results that keeps them in the Barclays Premier League . Scottish striker Steven Fletcher celebrates in front of the home crowd as the Black Cats take a 1-0 lead . The Sunderland players smother goal scorer Defoe as the team celebrate going into a 1-0 lead before the break . Connor Wickham congratulates Defoe as the Sunderland fans celebrate in the sunshine at the Stadium of Light . Certainly the opposition will be sterner than this . Just what is it that eats the modern Newcastle ? Dressed in grey , they did n't even look like a Newcastle team . Did they play like one ? Sadly , they did . Newcastle have been churning out rubbish like this for far too long now and it is depressing to report that it is becoming the norm . Sunderland were much improved , unrecognisable from the side who conceded four in the first half here against Aston Villa recently . That day , half of the Sunderland supporters were back in their cars by half-time . Here , under a new manager , Sunderland were comfortably better than local opposition who seem to head into derby games expecting to lose . Sunderland goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon reacts after watching Defoe 's stunning opener during the Tyne-Wear derby . Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates Defoe 's opening goal as Newcastle manager John Carver looks on . The 32-year-old frontman looked close to tears as both teams left the Stadium of Light pitch at half-time . Krul -LRB- left -RRB- seems to share a joke with Defoe shortly after the Black Cats forward beat him with a wonderful volley . It was difficult to understand for long periods what Newcastle were actually trying to do . If they were trying to suffocate the game then for a while it worked . Once they got caught , though , they seemed to possess neither the wit nor the willpower to find a way back . Sunderland were not always convincing early on . They earned possession and territory off the back of hard work but did n't do much with the ball . A Billy Jones cut-back from a corner to the far post was cut out by Jonas Gutierrez in the 10th minute , , while Jordi Gomez struck a low free-kick at Krul and Connor Wickham 's header was deflected wide by Moussa Sissoko , the Newcastle captain . Prior to the goal , however , Sunderland 's play in the final third had been rather unconvincing . Had Newcastle possessed any forward thrust at all , they might have found a way into the game . But once Defoe 's left foot brought the Stadium of Light to its feet , Sunderland rarely appeared in any danger . Another goal would have settled their nerves and they had opportunities . Indeed , they looked more dangerous in the second half . Former Sunderland midfielder Jack Colback -LRB- right -RRB- fouls Wickham during a ferocious second half display . Sammy Ameobi -LRB- right -RRB- is closed down by Sebastian Larsson and Billy Jones during the Premier League clash . Sunderland 's Steven Fletcher -LRB- centre -RRB- is beaten in the air by Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez . Fletcher , though , has never been a goalscorer who has scored many goals -- spot the contradiction ? -- and twice he failed here . A header on the hour needed more power to beat Krul and then another chance , provided by Defoe 's low cross , was spurned on the back of a decision to pivot away from goal and shoot on the turn rather than drive towards goal on his right side . We should not be too hard on Fletcher . He works as hard as any . The difference between a journeyman and an international of standing was evident , though , and Advocaat will be glad that predecessor Gus Poyet at least left him with a striker of pedigree before he was run out of town last month.Sebastian Larsson also failed in front of goal as the clock ticked on while , belatedly , Newcastle found a little something . Pantilimon was finally asked to work when Remy Cabella shot from 18 yards in the 78th minute before Ayoze Perez volleyed over from a corner at the death . That , in truth , was a real chance . A draw , though , would have been a joke . Newcastle manager John Carver admitted afterwards that his team had embarrassed him and it 's not the first time . When the final whistle blew , Defoe -- substituted with 12 minutes left -- wore a smile as wide as the river and with good reason . His thunderbolt strike , like the Easter sunshine , has lit a flame in Wearside 's season of gloom . They will remember it for a while . Sunderland defender Patrick Van Aanholt -LRB- right -RRB- looks to ride the challenge of Daryl Janmaat . Advocaat gestures to his players during the Tyne-Wear derby clash at the Stadium of Light . Magpies goalkeeper Krul punches the ball clear as Mike Williamson challenges Black Cats forward Fletcher . Defoe was replaced by winger Adam Johnson during the closing stages of the second half at the Stadium of Light . Dutch boss Advocaat congratulates Defoe as the 32-year-old striker leaves the pitch with the score at 1-0 . Sunderland captain John O'Shea gestures to the home fans after the final whistle at the Stadium of Light . Newcastle 0-3 Sunderland . Apr 14 , 2013 : Stephane Sessegnon , Adam Johnson and David Vaughan score the goals as Paolo di Canio oversees Sunderland 's first win at St . James ' Park in 13 years -- in his second game in charge . Cue knee-sliding and fist-pumping from the Italian boss . Sunderland 2-1 Newcastle . Oct 27 , 2013 : Six months on from his euphoric celebrations and Di Canio has gone , replaced by Gus Poyet . And the Uruguayan tastes victory in his . first Tyne-Wear derby thanks to Fabio Borini 's 84th-minute winner . Newcastle 0-3 Sunderland . Feb 1 , 2014 : Three goals and three consecutive derby wins as Borini , Johnson and Jack Colback find the net . Newcastle 0-1 Sunderland . Dec 21 , 2014 : Johnson lashes in a 90th minute winner to ensure Sunderland fans keep the bragging rights . Sunderland 1-0 Newcastle . Apr 5 , 2015 : New Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat picks up his first win in his second game in charge thanks to Jermain Defoe 's thunderbolt .