Nineties style is hot right now . Chokers , berry-coloured lips , round sunglasses and Calvin Klein logo T-shirts are all the rage with a new generation of fashion fans . But news that JNCO , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ` rave ' jeans , is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around . The return of the highly impractical jeans , which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in , has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past . Femail rounds up the worst offenders ... Scroll down for video . JCNO jeans , popular at Nineties raves , are threatening to make a comeback . 1 . THE BUCKET HAT . A casual Nighties piece , the bucket hat is characterised by its wide , downwards sloping brim and limp structure . Originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , it soon enough found its way into popular culture and temporarily dominated the music scene . After gaining prominence in the Nineties and early Noughties , the trend was ditched in favour of softer and more flattering shapes , but fashion-forward celebrities such as 27-year-old Rihanna are n't letting it go quietly . THEN : The bucket hat was originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , but seeped into popular culture , and was sported by the likes of singer Christina Aguilera , now 36 , in 2001 . NOW : Pop star Rihanna , 27 , was spotted in July 2014 wearing a floppy bucket hat . 2 . CAMOUFLAGE PRINT . For those of us non-military personnel not in need of immediate concealment from predators , very few can understand why time and time again , camouflage print manages to seep into our wardrobes . Usually in variations of olive and khaki - but also available in more garish shades - the pattern consists of shapeless blobs that imitate foliage . The brash pattern was favoured by Noughties bands such as Beyoncé 's former band , Destiny 's Child and today is seen on silk pants or sports luxe trousers worn by street smart stars such as 24-year-old Jourdan Dunn . Beyoncé , now 33 , was a big fan of camouflage print in 2001 back when she was still with Destiny 's Child . THEN : Destiny 's Child wore camouflage print in garish variations of bright blue back in 2001 . NOW : Jourdan Dunn , 24 , attempted to bring back the camouflage look in the form of skinny trousers and a crop top in February 2015 . 3 . TAKING IT TO THE MAX . Sometimes a trend becomes so popular that a few fashion-forward thinking individuals try to take it to the extreme . Designer prints and double denim are two styles that worked well for celebrity wardrobes in the Nineties , . And today young reality star , 17-year-old Kylie Jenner is one of many who definitely do n't follow the ` less is more ' style mantra . THEN : In the Noughties , pop stars such as Victoria Beckham , now 44 -LRB- pictured left in 2000 -RRB- , Britney Spears , now 33 , and Justin Timberlake , now 34 -LRB- pictured middle to right in 2001 -RRB- , loved to take trends to the maximum . NOW : 17-year-old reality star Kylie Jenner sported double denim out and about in Los Angeles earlier this month . 4 . UGG BOOTS . The shapeless sheepskin UGG boot was a huge celebrity trend in the Noughties , with heiress Paris Hilton , 34 , owning piles of pairs . They are not pretty , or remotely glamorous , but the cosy factor means that they remain popular with off-duty actors and models today , with actress Kristen Bell , 34 , being one of the more modern fashion offenders . THEN : Heiress Paris Hilton wore UGG boots at Heathrow in 2006 and NOW : Kristen Bell wears hers on set between takes earlier this month . 5 . DAISY DUKES . Tiny , tiny denim shorts have been around for the longest time , but were brought back to popularity by Jessica Simpson , 34 -LRB- pictured below -RRB- , in the film remake of The Dukes of Hazzard in 2005 . Extremely frayed , and impractically short , most stylish women are opting for slightly longer , more conservative styles this summer . But we can always count on Miley Cyrus , 22 , to keep things flirty - wearing hers cut seriously high on the thigh . THEN : Tiny denim shorts , aka Daisy Dukes , were reintroduced to our wardrobes by Jessica Simpson with the promotion of the film reboot of The Dukes of Hazzard in 2005 . 6 . JUICY COUTURE TRACKSUITS . Juicy Couture 's matching two-piece velour tracksuits were the staple wardrobe of the likes of Nicole Richie , 33 , Paris Hilton , 34 , and Britney Spears , 33 , in the Noughties . Available in all manner of garish shades , they were perfect for lounging around the house in and today celebrities like Nicki Minaj , 32 , are keeping the rainbow sweatpants in style . THEN : Britney Spears stepped out in a Juicy Couture velour tracksuits in 2005 before her wedding to Kevin Federline . NOW : Nicki Minaj stepped out in 2014 in the red version of the Juicy Couture tracksuit , proving that it 's maintained its popularity since the Noughties . 7 . COLOURED SUNGLASSES . Rainbow lenses were a Nineties favourite for boy bands such as * NSYNC and pop princesses like Britney . These days they are sported by the likes of the mostly very stylish 22-year-old model Cara Delevingne and 17-year-old reality star , Kylie Jenner , with a mirrored sheen giving them a 2015 update . Shady bunch : Justin Timberlake , now 34 -LRB- pictured left in 2000 -RRB- , and Britney Spears , now 33 -LRB- pictured right in 1999 -RRB- , were fans of brightly coloured sunglasses in the Nineties . NOW : Model Cara Delevingne and reality star Kylie Jenner are both fans of coloured sunglasses . 8 . CORSETS AS OUTFITS . Corsets first became popular in the 16th Century , worn under clothes to help transform women 's shapes . In the Nineties they were being sported as outerwear , spearheaded by a very sexy Victoria Backham as Posh Spice , now 44 . And today they are being incorporated into dresses and tops to add edge to red carpet wear by young stars like 22-year-old Selena Gomez . THEN : Victoria Beckham -LRB- pictured in 2004 -RRB- popularised wearing corsets and lingerie as outerwear in the Noughties . Not very posh : Victoria Beckham sported tight corset structured dresses to events such as the MTV movie awards in 2007 -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and the Victoria 's Secret Fashion show in 2007 -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . NOW : Selena Gomez works a sultry look to an awards ceremony with a corset-based gown . 9 . HAREM TROUSERS . Characterised by loose , baggy legs which nip in at the ankle , these Middle Eastern style trousers are a hard to wear shape for anyone with any kind of curves . Before she discovered pencil skirts reality star Kim Kardashian , now 34 , was a huge fan of the voluminous pants . Today they are still sported by supermodel legs like 51-year-old Elle Macpherson . THEN : Reality star Kim Kardashian previously championed the wearing of harem trousers back in 2009 . NOW : Supermodel Elle Macpherson steps out in a pair of leopard print harem trousers .