Police are hunting two schoolboys who doused a fellow 12-year-old pupil in highly flammable WD40 in an underpass before threatening to set him alight . The victim , who has not been named , was walking in the subway underneath a major road in Newbury , Berkshire , when two boys - aged about 12 to 13 - approached him . They sprayed the highly flammable WD40 , usually used on cars or locks , over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him . The 12-year-old victim , who is yet to be named , was walking in a subway -LRB- pictured -RRB- underneath a road in Newbury , Berkshire , when two boys approached him , doused him in WD40 and vowed to set him alight . Officers from Thames Valley Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight on Easter Monday afternoon . The victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment . Police said the first offender is described as short and slim with brown hair . He was wearing a grey zip-up hooded top and blue chinos . The second is described as being stocky , about 5ft 4ins , with dark brown hair which was brushed flat . He was wearing a grey jacket , brown T-shirt and grey tracksuit bottoms . Colin Fearn , the investigating officer in the case , described the attack as ` unprovoked ' and urged witnesses to come forward . He said : ` This was an unprovoked attack on a young boy during the Easter holidays . ` We are carrying out an extensive investigation to bring the perpetrators to justice but need the help of the public . Police said the boys sprayed the youngster in highly flammable WD40 before threatening to set him alight . ` I would ask anyone who witnessed the incident , anyone who recognises the description of the offenders or has any information to call police on 101 . ` I am particularly interested in speaking to a woman and her partner , who we believe were with their children , who may have witnessed the incident and spoke to the offenders . ' Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .