The mother of an Australian man who was killed in Syria during a clash against Islamic State , has finally farewelled her son after his body was brought back onto home soil . Ashley Johnston , 28 , was shot in February in Rojava , near the Turkish border , while fighting with the Kurdish People 's Protection Units -LRB- YPG -RRB- and was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park , Sydney , on Thursday morning . Although his mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death , the proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral . Scroll down for video . Amanda Jonston -LRB- centre -RRB- the mother of former soldier Ashley Johnston , walks in front of her son 's coffin as it is carried out of the chapel during his funeral service at Macquarie Park Cemetery on Thursday . ` Ashley put his life on the line to stand up for what is good , for what is just , to protect and defend not just innocent people caught up in this war but you and I and people everywhere , ' Mrs Johnston said as she fought back tears . The Queenslander , who lived in the ACT , is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS . Ashley Johnston , originally from Maryborough in Queensland , but who had most recently been living in Canberra , told his mother Amanda he was simply heading to the Middle East to do humanitarian work . The Australian reportedly died on February 24 in a small village near Shingal in Iraq , close to the border with Syrian Kurdistan . However he was fighting against the IS rule and was shot in a clash with their forces in February . Johnston said in his final interview before his death , that he was afraid of returning home because he thought he 'd be treated like a terrorist . At the time , his mother Amanda Johnston told the Sydney Morning Herald that she was in disbelief that her son was fighting against ISIS in Syria . ` I just kept calling because I did n't believe it was true . I know in my head that it is actually Ash but the rest of me does n't like to believe it 's true , ' she said when she learnt of his death . Members of Australia 's Kurdish community carry the coffin of former soldier Ashley Johnston . Mr Johnston 's mother did not know that her son was in Syria fighting with Kurdish soldiers against ISIS until she heard of his death . ` I just said , `` I need to talk to you . You have to ring me . I do n't believe that what I 've been told is true . I need you to ring me and tell me what 's going on ... I need to hear your voice . '' ' Mr Johnston served for seven years with Australia 's Army Reserves before going travelling and becoming moved by the struggle of ethnic Kurds against IS militants , who have taken control of large parts of Syria of Iraq . His body finally arrived home in Canberra last week , leaving Mrs Johnston to face the grim task of identifying him . She reportedly slapped her son 's body when she saw him and then kissed him on the face . According to a family member , his mother would not have supported his choice to fight with the Kurdish people in Syria . Mr Johnston 's coffin was draped in the Australian and Kurdistan Democratic Union -LRB- PYD -RRB- party flags , and was carried by men and women dressed in khaki fatigues and scarves in PYD colours of red , yellow and green . Mr Johnston who worked for seven years as part of the Australian Army Reserves is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS . ` She would n't have supported him fighting there in any shape or form , ' a family spokesman told Fairfax Media . ` She does n't want anyone to go over there , no matter which side they are on . ' Sitting with hundreds of mourners , many with pictures of her son and a YPG star pinned to their chests , she listened on Thursday to the story of his legacy . ` We came from different lands , different cultures , different religions and different languages ' Saadet Ozdemir , a Kurdish community member from Sydney , said . ` A young man from Canberra by the name of Ashley Johnston brought our communities together not just in Australia but globally . ' Ashley Johnston , originally from Maryborough in Queensland but had most recently been living in Canberra , told his mother Amanda he was simply heading to the Middle East to do humanitarian work . Mourners at his funeral wore T-shirts imprinted with Mr Johnston 's image and carried badges to honour the fallen soldier . The service heard Mr Johnston was among eight fighters in a broken-down truck confronted and outnumbered by IS . His comrades said he sacrificed himself to draw enemy fire , a move that saved them . She was joined by over 300 weeping mourners from the Kurdish community , many of whom had never met the 28-year-old Australian army reservist and yet had his picture pinned to their chests alongside the YPG star . Mr Johnston 's coffin was draped in the Australian and Kurdistan Democratic Union -LRB- PYD -RRB- party flags , and was carried by men and women dressed in khaki fatigues and scarves in PYD colours of red , yellow and green . Mr Johnston 's coffin was draped in the Australian and Kurdistan Democratic Union -LRB- PYD -RRB- party flags , and was carried by men and women dressed in khaki fatigues and scarves in PYD colours of red , yellow and green . Amanda Johnston paid tribute to her son 's life at his funeral , claiming he was standing up for what is goof . Kurdish Association of Sydney president Gulfar Olan said Mr Johnston would be remembered as the ` great Australian human rights activist ' . ` You gave your life so that our children and our community might live in peace and hope , ' she said . Speaking to the Daily Telegraph , Shiyar Cahal , 22 , paid his respects to the Kurdish fighter and said he wished he knew what motivated Mr Johnson to leave Australia to fight in Syria . ` He 's our hero , ' Mr Cahal said . ` All the Kurdish community has come from all over Australia . He sacrificed himself against ISIS for the Kurdish people and for us that 's a big thing . Over 300 weeping mourners from the Kurdish community , many of whom had never met the 28-year-old Australian army reservist and yet had his picture pinned to their chests alongside the YPG star . Men and women in khakis carried Mr Johnston 's coffin out of the chapel and into a waiting black hearse as mourners chanted ` They are alive forever ' in Kurdish . ` I wish I could ask him what made him go as an Aussie , to see what motivated him against ISIS to give his life . ' Men and women in khakis carried Mr Johnston 's coffin out of the chapel and into a waiting black hearse as mourners chanted ` They are alive forever ' in Kurdish . Although fighting against IS , Mr Johnston could have faced prosecution for serving with a foreign irregular force , which carries a prison sentence of 20 years . It was a notion a representative from the Kurdish Association of Victoria labelled an absurdity . Although fighting against IS , Mr Johnston could have faced prosecution for serving with a foreign irregular force , which carries a prison sentence of 20 years . It is still a mystery to them how Mr Johnston made connections in the Kurdish community in Syria.Although there is concern that he was recruited through a Facebook group . ` It can not be emphasised enough that although Ashley did not die for Australia , Ashley did die fighting for values that we Australians call our own , ' she told the service . It is believed Mr Johnston 's family will hold a private burial in Canberra . It is still a mystery to them how Mr Johnston made connections in the Kurdish community in Syria . Although there is concern that he was recruited through a Facebook group .