An emotional David Raven reflected on a ` dream come true ' after his last-gasp winner sent Inverness through to their first-ever William Hill Scottish Cup final at the expense of favourites Celtic . Defender Raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time as Caley stunned 10-man Celtic 3-2 at Hampden Park to set up a final showdown with Falkirk . The 30-year-old Raven , who has only managed a handful of goals in his entire career , struggled to describe how he felt following an eventful match which he admitted could have gone either way . David Raven -LRB- second right -RRB- celebrates with his Inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner . The celebrations continue on the pitch as Inverness rejoice in reaching the William Hill Scottish Cup final . He told Sky Sports : ` I do n't know really , a bit emotional to be honest , got tears in my eyes . I thought it was just our day and to score the winning goal today is a dream come true . In a cup semi-final against Celtic , I ca n't believe it . ` It was topsy-turvy and it could have gone either way . ' Celtic took an 18th-minute lead through Virgil van Dijk 's brilliant free-kick and then had loud claims for a clear penalty turned down just before half-time when the ball struck Josh Meekings ' hand a yard from goal . That was a key incident in the match , as was the penalty that was awarded to Inverness in the 55th minute which saw Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon sent off for bringing down Marley Watkins . Greg Tansey slotted home the penalty to make it 1-1 and Raven would end up settling the match right at the death after Edward Ofere and John Guidetti had made it 2-2 in extra time . The Caley defender hailed his late winner as ` a dream come true ' ahead of the final against Falkirk . Celtic players stand dejected on the pitch with their hopes of a treble over following their 3-2 loss . Inverness boss John Hughes said : ` The sending off changed the game in Inverness ' favour , but as I said before the game , what these boys have done for me since I came to the club , they deserve that today . ` I 'm absolutely delighted to be there . ` Well done to the boys and supporters . On their final opponents , Hughes said : ` A small club , Falkirk have had some wonderful times there and it 'll be a right good cup final , and hopefully it is for Scottish football . '