Reality star Joey Essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics . So he joined Nigel Farage on a boat trip in Grimsby this morning to try and understand his general election plans . Before boarding the boat , Essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy ' . Mr Farage quipped : ` I think that 's good ... I 'm not sure . ' As the stunt took a bizarre twist , the Ukip leader hailed the TV star as an ` icon of youth ' . Scroll down for video . TOWIE star Joey Essex today met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby as part of his project to find out about the election . Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a ` really , really reem guy ' before boarding a boat and heading out to sea . Essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties for the first episode of his ITV2 mini-series Educating Joey Essex , to be aired later this month . The TV star told Mr Farage : ' Basically I do n't really understand much about political life and I 'm trying to show the youth it 's good to vote . ' Mr Farage said : ` What I 'm going to try do is give you my opinions , which you 'll either love or hate . ' He later told BBC News : ` Over half the young people in Britain do n't vote at all . ` If some of the icons of youth like Joey here can actually look at this , spend a bit of time , understand this , and inform an opinion , perhaps you 'll get more young people voting . ' The Ukip leader chose the nautical setting for his one-on-one with the 24-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex as they both have fishing connections . Mr Farage is a keen angler and has a monthly column in a sea fishing magazine . Essex , who famously admitted on TV that he can not tell the time , used to work at Billingsgate fish market . Essex asked : ` Why are we in Grimsby ? ' The Ukip leader said : ` It 's symbolic of what 's gone wrong , if we came here forty years ago there were thousands of men working here and a massive trawler fleet , it was the biggest fishing port in the country . ` We joined the European Union and now have to share all our fish with all the other countries . And what we 're saying is let 's take our country and our territorial waters back , let 's get our fishing industry back . ' In response , Essex said : ` Sick . ' When Mr Farage added that he wanted a bigger British fishing industry , Essex added : ` Wicked . ' Mr Farage said he was visiting Grimsby because he wanted to ` get our fishing industry back ' Asked if he was going to explain what a vajazzle is to Mr Farage said : ` It 's not my thing . You 'd better ask a girl out of Towie for that ' Asked if he was going to explain what a vajazzle is to Mr Farage said : ` It 's not my thing . You 'd better ask a girl out of Towie for that . ' Essex talked to Mr Farage about working at Billingsgate fish marker . Asked what I thought of Mr Farage , Essex said : ` He 's a really , really reem guy . ' Mr Farage said : ` I think that 's good , I 'm not sure . Reem ? Interesting . What does that mean ? ' Essex explained : ` It means cool , wicked , sick . ' Mr Farage recently revealed he has a secret nocturnal passion for fishing alone on the Kent coast . He said : ` One thing I can fit in to my working life is shore fishing because I can do it at night . ` I might have had a busy day in London , but I might nip down to the coast and have three or four hours through to the early hours of the morning fishing . ' Mr Farage added that it 's his way of staying sane amid the relentless pressures of modern politics and that sleep is a waste of time . Mr Farage is a keen angler and has a monthly column in a sea fishing magazine . He recently revealed he has a secret nocturnal passion for fishing alone on the Kent coast . Essex , who famously admitted on TV that he can not tell the time , used to work at Billingsgate fish market . Essex found fame on the ITV show The Only Way Is Essex , which was responsible for popularising the ` vajazzle ' . The beauty treatment involves women having plastic gem stones being stuck onto the skin near very personal parts of the body . The programme 's stars are also well-known for their love of fake tans . Mr Farage said he was looking forward to meeting Essex , but asked if he had ever watched The Only Way Is Essex , he said : ` I have to confess no . ' He added that he watched no television programmes . The Ukip leader said he did not know what a vajazzle is , adding : ` No I have n't a clue . ' When asked if he had ever had a fake tan , he said : ` Do you know something , it 's one of the things I 've not got round to . ' Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg posed for a selfie with Essex after explaining to the reality star that his party is not called the ` Liberal Demo-cats ' At the weekend Essex attended a Labour party rally at Parr Hall in Warrington , where he met party leader Ed Miliband . Essex asked David Cameron a question via Heat magazine last week and also held a meeting with Ed Miliband . When he joined Nick Clegg on the campaign trail he mistakenly thought he was leader of the ` Liberal Demo-cats ' . Mr Clegg also had to explain that he was not called ` Mr Leg ' . When Mr Clegg explained that he had been Deputy PM for five years , Essex told him he was ` sick ' - slang for good . After being told the Liberal Democrats was ` a long word , innit ? ' , Mr Clegg - who has never watched TOWIE - simply nodded politely . The interview ended with the pair having a selfie together .