Jose Aldo and Conor McGregor may have taken the spotlight over the past two weeks when it comes to the UFC 's featherweight division , but this weekend it 's time for two other top ranked 145ers to take centre stage , as No 1 ranked Chad Mendes and No 4 ranked Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax , in a bout which could potentially determine the next challenger to the title . Mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king and Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year . But it is Aldo 's upcoming opponent , Irishman McGregor , who has dominated conversation in the lead up to this weekend 's fight . Opponents Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas face off during the UFC weigh-in at the Patriot Center . Lamas holds an open training session for fans and media at the UFC Gym on in Fairfax , Virginia . ` I thought Aldo handled it well ' said Team Alpha Male 's Mendes , when asked about Aldo 's reaction to McGregor snatching the championship belt on stage in Dublin . ` But that 's Conor , he is crazy , you know , ' Mendes continued . ` Aldo has been the champion for a long time . Conor is the type of guy who is always going to run his mouth , but I highly doubt Aldo is going to let that get to him . I feel like whoever wins , I 'm good . I think Aldo is a better mixed martial artist so I think he is going to win . He knows what he is doing - I just see him winning the fight . ' A stark contrast to the championship pairing , Mendes and Lamas have shown nothing but respect for one another in the lead up to Saturday night 's main event . Mendes flexes his guns at the weight-in before his clash with rival Lamas at the Patriot Centre . Mendes is put though his paces in front of the fans ahead of the fight against Lamas in Fairfield . Anticipating a war when they meet , ` Money ' Mendes is confident that he is stronger than ` The Bully ' in every department and that , should he win convincingly , he believes the fans will want to see him get a third crack at Aldo . ` I think Ricardo is a tough guy - he is good everywhere , you know . But the thing is , I feel like everything that he is good at , I 'm just that little bit better , ' he added . ` I 'm hoping that if I win this fight , then enough people will want to watch a third fight between me and Aldo and that the UFC will give it to us , but we 'll see what happens . ` If I can get out there and totally dominate , then hopefully that will be enough to get me another shot . I 'm expecting a war out there - like I said , Lamas is a tough , tough fighter . ' Mendes holds an open training session for fans and media at the UFC Gym in Fairfax , Virginia . And Mendes is not the only one eyeing up a second shot at the featherweight title . Chicago-born Lamas claims he is under no illusions that he will be in for an easy night with Mendes . ` If I keep performing well then the title shot will come , ' he said . ` Mendes is a cool guy . He is a good sport and he is a respectful fighter . But this is going to be a tough fight and when it comes to the night , you 're going to see us both try to go in there and take each other out . ` I feel like I am strong for my weight but Mendes is a powerhouse too , so we will see what happens . I feel like Chad is a great fighter so we 're going to bring the best out of each other , for sure . ' Lamas stretches his legs with a kick as he prepares to take on Mendes with an open training session . Meanwhile arguably two of the lightweight division 's most exciting fighters , Jorge Masvidal and Al Iaquinta , meet in the co-main event - a bout which should showcase some of the finest striking in the division . Watch UFC Fight Night : Mendes vs. Lamas live on BT Sport 1 on Saturday , April 4 . Catch the prelims from 4 pm BST and the main card from 6 pm BST .