A Japanese priest has vowed to crack down onto drink driving in the most cinematic way possible : dressing up as a superhero and patrolling the streets on his motorbike . Shinjiro Kumagai is a ` mild mannered ' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple called Gokurakuji in Kitakyushu , southwest Japan . But after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law , according to Japan Today . Bizarre images depict Kumagai riding around Kitakyushu in full Kamen Rider gear - which makes him appear like a giant grasshopper - and the trademark Cyclone motorcycle , fitted with fake jets . Scroll down for video . Japanese priest Shinjiro Kumagai -LRB- pictured -RRB- has vowed to crack down on drink driving by dressing as a superhero in his spare time and laying down the law . Unlike some superheros , Kumagai has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman . He 's also funded by his church , where the head Buddhist Priest Fukumitsu - also a devout Kamen Rider fan - funds his costume and bike . Kumagai said his sponsor was more than happy to help the cause . ` He is a real fan of Kamen Rider 1 and has been collecting memorabilia for 20 years , so when he heard about what I was doing he jumped at the chance to help . ' Images also depict Kumagai undertaking some more mundane acts like eating street food and feeding cows . While the he takes the patrol work very seriously , pictures depict Kumagai undertaking some more mundane acts in his superhero attire like feeding cows . Unlike some superheros , Kumagai has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman . Kamen Rider was a popular superhero series running in Japan from 1971 to 1973 and later adapted into a comic book . The show depicts a man who was mutated into a grasshopper-esqe cyborg by a terrorist organization and his battle to defeat them . Dressing up as cartoons or superheroes - known as Cosplay - is a huge industry in Japan with fans spending thousands to look like their fictitious idols . An image snapped by someone who spotted Kumagai on patrol : the popularity of Kamen Rider means locals have welcomed the helmeted protector with open arms . The popularity of the show means locals have welcomed the helmeted protector with open arms . Shopkeeper Kageki Umeta , 43 , said : ` he is doing a very good job . On one hand it is quite geeky and comical although the kids love to see him riding around . ' ` But on the other he is actually raising awareness of the dangers of drink driving and is catching people at it who he then reports to the police . ` Every city should have a Kamen Rider . '