An innocent man who spent more than 30 years on death row for a murder he did n't commit has come face-to-face with the prosecutor who put him there . Glenn Ford , who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when Marty Stroud walked into his Louisiana home last week but shook his hand . ` I want you to know that I am very sorry , ' Stroud said during the somber meeting , which was filmed by Nightline . ` It 's a stain on me that will be with me until I go to my grave . ' ` Right , ' Ford responded , without looking up . ` But it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live . ' Scroll down for videos . Apology : Marty Stroud , left , visited Glenn Ford , right , at his home to apologize for putting him behind bars for 30 years for a murder he did n't commit . Ford was released from prison in Angola last year . Face-to-face : The 65-year-old , who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after being freed from prison , shook the former prosecutor 's hand as he walked into his home . ` I 'm sorry , ' Ford added . ` I ca n't forgive you . ' Stroud , who wished Ford the best before leaving the home , had asked to meet the man after apologizing to him in a powerful letter published in The Shreveport Times last month . In the letter , Stroud admitted that he was to blame for mistakenly putting Ford behind bars for the fatal shooting of a jeweler , despite no murder weapon or witnesses placing him at the scene . ` In 1984 , I was 33 years old , ' he wrote . ` I was arrogant , judgmental , narcissistic and very full of myself . I was not as interested in justice as I was in winning . ' Stroud , 63 , wrote the letter after the state ruled that Ford was not entitled to receive $ 330,000 in compensation for his time spent behind bars because he could not prove he did not know about the killing before it was carried out . ` Glenn Ford should be completely compensated to every extent possible because of the flaws of a system that effectively destroyed his life , ' Stroud wrote . Struggle : Ford told Stroud that he could not forgive him for what he had done as a young lawyer . Pain : After Stroud left , Ford was overcome with emotion and was comforted by his carers , pictured . ` The audacity of the state 's effort to deny Mr. Ford any compensation for the horrors he suffered in the name of Louisiana justice is appalling . ' Ford was accused of shooting Isadore Rozeman , a Shreveport jeweler and watchmaker for whom Mr Ford had done occasional yard work , in 1983 and was convicted the following year . He was sent to prison , where he lived with little light or heat , while Stroud , who had been with the Caddo District Attorney 's office for two years , went out to celebrate by having drinks with his team . ` That 's sick , ' he said in his letter . ` I had been entrusted with the duty to seek the death of a fellow human being , a very solemn task that certainly did not warrant any `` celebration '' . ' From behind bars , Ford continued to protest his innocence . Then in 2013 , State District Judge Ramona Emanuel voided the conviction and sentence based on an informant claiming that another man , Jake Robinson , had confessed to killing Rozeman . Regrets : A.M. ` Marty ' Stroud III , pictured , wrote a lengthy apology letter to Ford last month that was published in a local newspaper . In the letter , he also slammed the state for refusing to pay the man compensation . Robinson , along with his brother Henry , had been eyed by investigators in relation to the killing but have never been charged in Rozeman 's death . They have since been indicted in other murders . Wrongly accused : Ford , a father-of-four -LRB- pictured in a booking photo -RRB- , was sent to death row in 1984 . ` My fault was that I was too passive , ' Stroud said in his letter last month . ` Had I been more inquisitive , perhaps the evidence would have come to light years ago ... ` I did not hide evidence , I simply did not seriously consider that sufficient information may have been out there that could have led to a different conclusion . And that omission is on me . ' He added that the odds were stacked against Ford , whose attorneys were inexperienced in criminal law . Ford , who is black , also faced an all-white jury . ` I apologize to Glenn Ford for all the misery I have caused him and his family , ' Stroud wrote . ` I apologize to the family of Mr. Rozeman for giving them the false hope of some closure . ' Ford walked free from Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola on March 11 , 2014 , wearing a jean jacket , sweater and beanie hat and carrying all of his worldly possessions in two tiny boxes . As he walked out of the prison gates , he said he was sad he had not been around to raise his now-adult sons , but added : ` It feels good ; my mind is going in all kind of directions . It feels good . ' Prison officials gave the then-64-year-old a debit card worth just $ 20 . That , along with the money that he had in his bank account , left Mr Ford with a paltry $ 20.24 to his name . Freed : Ford is pictured in March 2014 as he was freed from the state prison following 30 years behind bars . He was given just $ 20 but was taken in by a non-profit group who found a free place for him to stay . Making the days count : Ford , pictured earlier this year , relies on Social Security disability and food stamps . He is suing the state for denying him medical care for his lung cancer , which is now terminal . His lawyers set up an Amazon wishlist for strangers to donate funds and items - from furniture to clothing - so Ford could start to re-build his life , and he continues to accept donations . With the help of a non-profit group , Resurrection After Exoneration , he had a place to live free of charge and has since moved to his own apartment . He relies on Social Security disability and food stamps , while volunteers help to take care of him . He has also visited California to see his four sons . After he left prison , he learned he had Stage 3 lung cancer , which has now progressed to Stage 4 . Ahead of the meeting with Stroud , he told Nightline he was shocked by Stroud 's letter , but that he refused to get angry over his situation . ` I 'm upset , yes , but it 's not my driving force , ' he said , too weak to even open his eyes . ' -LSB- My driving force -RSB- is to get well as I possibly can . I ca n't do that being mad at Marty Stroud . ' See below for video .