Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm Paddy Power . The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for Saturday 's big race at Aintree . Irish jockey Walsh , who is riding Ballycasey in the race , starts the clip by saying : ` This is how I 've been getting ready for this year 's Grand National . ' The clip starts with champion jockey Ruby Walsh describing how he will prepare for the Grand National . The two-time National jockey appears to then leap over the speeding car on his horse . The horse clears the car , which Paddy Power say was travelling at 40mph , and lands . Walsh celebrates with a raised arm after completing the ` stunt ' Paddy Power claims he jumped straight over the car , which was said to be travelling at 40mph . The horse barely clears the car 's roof before landing . Walsh stands upright and raises his right arm in apparent celebration after the horse lands and gallops away . It is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial advert ahead of a major racing festival . In February 2012 , a publicity stunt prior to the Cheltenham Festival featured a suited hitman firing tranquillizer darts at unsuspecting members of the public , promising to ` take care of the chavs - veterinary style . ' It was inspired by loutish racegoers fighting at Ascot . Another advert released ahead of the 2012 Cheltenham Festival showed a clip of transgender racegoers and invited viewers to spot the ` stallions ' from the ` mares . ' Walsh pictured after riding Sempre Medici to victory on Irish Grand National Day at Fairyhouse last week . The Irish jockey will ride Ballycasey in Saturday 's Grand National at Aintree . It was banned from television broadcast by the Advertising Standards Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- after it received 92 complaints the ad was offensive and condoned and encouraged harmful discriminatory behaviour . Although banned from TV , both adverts remain easily accessible on the internet . Another advert ahead of the Ryder Cup last year saw UKIP leader Nigel Farage feature in a spoof political broadcast in which he was ` swinging for Europe ' . Walsh , 35 , has twice won the Grand National before - on Papillon in 2000 and Hedgehunter in 2005 .