It 's a relationship that 's fascinated the public and come under intense media scrutiny for years . Aaron Taylor-Johnson was just 19 when he met wife Sam , then 42 , on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009 in which he played the young John Lennon and she directed him . Six years , one marriage and two children later , the Hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt 's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , who ages in reverse . Scroll down for video . Aaron Taylor-Johnson , 24 , and wife Sam , 48 , at the premiere of Avengers : Age of Ultron on April 13 . Alexander McQueen printed silk-chiffon dress . Available at Net-A-Porter ! Visit site . She may have created controversy when she first started dating her 24-year-old now-husband Aaron Taylor Johnson , but this lady can cause some ruffles with her red carpet style , too . Sam Taylor-Johnson wowed at the Avengers Age of Ultron world premiere in LA alongside her Gucci-clad hubby . She wore a pink , feminine , floral Alexander McQueen frock , which boasted a soft and ethereal silhouette with its multiple layered ruffles and button detailing that captured our hearts . The classy mid-length dress accentuated Sam 's elegance and we love how she simply paired it with barely-there tan strappy sandals and a matching tan leather clutch bag . This is the perfect spring/summer dress with its floaty movement and light pink colorway , plus you could wear it from anything from a lunch date to a wedding , depending on how you style it . So take a leaf out of Sam 's book and emulate her look by clicking right to Net-A-Porter to get her exact dress today ! Or , make a more purse friendly pick with one of the pink floral options in our fashion edit below . They 're all budding style wins ! Topshop Scarf Print Sundress at Nordstrom . Visit site . Missguided Scuba Bardot Ivory Floral Bodycon Dress . Visit site . Lover Bloom Dress at Shopbop . Visit site . Vince Camuto Floral Print Scuba Pleated Fit & Flare Dress . Visit site . Depsite being a toyboy , Taylor-Johnson says friends liken him to Brad Pitt 's character in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , in which Pitt ages in reverse . A recent Instagram image shows the couple clearly in love six years after they first met . In an interview in Saturday 's Times magazine the co-star of the latest installment of Disney 's superhero blockbuster Avengers : Age of Ultron says : ` I do n't notice it now - we just instinctively gel ... People who know me call me Benjamin Button - they think I 'm an old soul and she 's a young soul . ' Taylor-Johnson says he fell in love with Sam , the most commercially successful female film-maker in history after she directed Fifty Shades of Grey , which was released in February , on the first day they met on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009 . After a whirlwind romance , the pair announced their engagement at the film 's premiere later that year . They married at Babington House in Somerset when Taylor-Johnson was 20 , a move he says made ` perfect sense ' . He tells the magazine : ` I knew I wanted to be with her . I wanted kids , we had kids and I was really into that , taking time off and involving myself in the bubble of her pregnancy . ' The Taylor-Johnson 's at the Vanity Fair Oscar party in February , left , and at the premiere of Godzilla in 2014 . Aaron and Sam with her daughters Angelica , right , and Jessie Phoenix , centre , collecting her OBE in 2011 . The couple pictured in Primrose Hill with daughter Wlyda Rae in 2011 . The couple 's first daughter , Wylda Rae , was born in July 2010 followed by Romy Hero in January 2012 . The family now lives in Los Angeles with Sam 's daughters Angelica , 17 , and Jessie Phoenix , eight , from her first marriage to the art dealer Jay Jopling , and the couple take on one project a year each so one parent is always at home . Aaron , who grew up in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , has been acting since the age of six when he starred in a Persil advert . When he was 12 he appeared in Hollywood action comedy Shaghai Knights , and when he was 15 he worked alongside Edward Norton in The Illusionist . Taylor-Johnson says he was a ` self destructive teenager struggling with success ' before he met Sam . But after the two got together , she quickly became his best friend and a stable influence in the notoriously fickle Hollywood . He and Sam now focus most of their time on being parents , with school runs and extracurricular activities taking up the bulk of their days . They have a rule that they are only allowed to take on one project a year , meaning that someone is always around for the children . And although looking after four children at the age of 24 might seem like a hard task , Taylor-Johnson says he has never been happier . He told the newspaper : ` Being a father has been the happiest time of my life - it 's what I live for , what I love doing - I have a real reason why I 'm here , I 'm not as proud of my acting ; it 's a job that I do ... I 'm grateful , but I do n't live for acting . '