Jessica Silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did . In a tense interview for 60 Minutes , Silva visits the home of James Polkinghorne 's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son . Michael Usher , the veteran journalist who conducted the interview , has revealed her walked away from the experience ` totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people ' . He also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , Mr Polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead . Scroll down for video . Jessica Silva reveals on 60 Minutes that ` my head is just full , I ca n't live with it , I need forgiveness ' Jessica Silva tells 60 Minutes that if she had n't stabbed Polkinghorne ` I would have been dead ' On Sunday night , Jessica Silva speaks publicly for the first time about the day , Mother 's Day 2012 , when she stabbed and killed her partner , the father of her young son . Last month she walked free from court , despite being convicted of manslaughter , free to tell of the four years of horror and warning other women not to make the same mistakes . ` That was a very tense meeting -LRB- with the father -RRB- , very nervous , both sides very nervous , ' Michael Usher told Daily Mail Australia . ` His family , his father , has had to deal with a lot of anger and hatred . ` He does n't understand why she had to kill his son , it 's only the start of a process , there is no neat ending at all . Grace and Avalino Silva -LRB- Jessica 's parents -RRB- . He revealed to Michael Usher that the ordeal had so destroyed Jessica that ` I looked into my daughter 's eyes and I did n't recognise her ' Jessica Silva admits she was living in fear and violence and she told no one . ` When her mum saw the red marks on her heck she said `` it was just a rash '' , it 's brutal and as bad a domestic violence as you could hear ' ` During the interview she gets to the point where she reveals `` my head is just full , I ca n't live with it , I need forgiveness '' . ` I do n't know if there will ever be a neat ending . ` Although the violence has stopped , the mental torment is still there , the absolute anguish of having killed the feather of her son , dealing with the family disconnect with her and their grandson , tragic . ` This one person and all of his anger and violence , the impact that he 's had it 's extraordinary , a lot of broken people who only just now are thinking about a future . ` The thing that made me stop was when she begins recalling the domestic violence she was suffering , it was one of those moments where it was so difficult to put yourself in her shoes . ` It had all the horrible hallmarks , `` you 're fat , you 're ugly '' , the belittling of her . ` And then how , this was a big guy , more than 100 kilos of muscle who would pick her up by one hand and throw her across the room . ` She was living in fear and violence and she told no one , when her mum saw the red marks on her heck she said `` it was just a rash '' . ` It 's brutal and as bad a domestic violence as you could hear , living in fear then and that she would be going to jail for a very long time . ' Jessica tells her tragic tale of survival for the first time on 60 Minutes this Sunday night , a victim of the worst type of domestic abuse , suffering years of verbal and physical attacks by her partner , James Polkinghorne . ` She tells it in a ridiculously raw , emotional but extremely clear way , she deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation and that it came to that ' Michael Usher said of the Jessica Silva interview . Jessica stabbed her boyfriend of four years , five times , after he arrived outside her Marrickville home in Sydney , fuelled on the drug ` ice ' , the trial judge heard . ` On that fateful night , Jessica made a split-second decision to save herself and her family , ' according to the 60 Minutes program . ` Jessica opens up about her life with Polkinghorne and recounts what happened the night that ended in his death . ' ` I did n't realise that she was going to be as raw as she still was , ' Usher added . ` It is the first time she has spoken about it , aside from the police interview , about what happened that night and how she came to be arrested and charged with murder . ` She tells it in a ridiculously raw , emotional but extremely clear way . ` She deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation and that it came to that . ` Yes they got it down to manslaughter , the judge seemed very sympathetic , it was battered wife 's syndrome and she has post traumatic stress . ` She hates that she is in the situation , hates that it happened to her family and to his family , she 's on a quest . James Polkinghorne was allegedly carrying this pipe on him when he went to Jessica Silva 's house on the night of his death . Jessica Silva was been found guilty of manslaughter after stabbing her partner James Polkinghorne on Mother 's Day in 2012 and was given a 2-year suspended sentence . She admitted during the proceedings that ` I thought I could change him ' ` She wants forgiveness in the family she finds it hard , it was a case of kill or be killed , she had no doubt that night that she would die . ` It was chilling when she described those moments . ' Usher recalls how her own family found it hard to comprehend . ` Her father tells how `` I looked into my daughters eyes and I did n't recognise her '' . While Polkinghorne 's family is ` dealing with what their son had become ' . The young Sydney woman who stabbed her abusive estranged partner to death on the street only escaped a jail term , after the judge found the killing was done in the most ` extreme circumstances ' . Jessica stabbed her boyfriend of four years , five times after he arrived outside her Marrickville home in Sydney , fuelled on the drug ` ice ' . The 25-year-old domestic violence victim wept after Justice Clifton Hoeben sentenced her to two years ' imprisonment . The prison term was suspended on the condition of good behaviour . Silva pleaded not guilty to her partner 's murder on the basis of self-defence , but after five days of deliberation , a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter . Michael Usher revealed that Jessica 's motivation to tell her story to 60 Minutes was to ` send a warning to others , she did everything wrong , that she should have left at the very first sign of violence ' In handing down his sentence , Justice Hoeben said he accepted Silva 's comments that Mr Polkinghorne had been ` very abusive ' . ` I dealt with it for so long , I thought I could change him , ' Silva had said . While he found Silva did intend to cause Mr Polkinghorne grievous bodily harm when she stabbed him in his back and head , he said the situation was ` exceptional ' . ` The factual circumstances are most unusual with the steady build up of fear on the part of the offender arising from the escalating threats of violence emanating from the deceased . ` The offending was committed under extreme circumstances in the agony of the moment . ' During the course of her trial , Silva repeatedly wept in court as the jury heard a series of abusive phone calls and texts sent by Mr Polkinghorne before his death . In one , Mr Polkinghorne threatened to ` cave her face in ' . Another message , from the day he was stabbed , read : ` I hope your mother gets poisoned by the flowers that you give her and you get gang raped . ' Mr Polkinghorne , the court heard , had become increasingly aggressive due to his use of the drug ice . Jessica stabbed her boyfriend of four years , five times after he arrived outside her Marrickville home in Sydney , fuelled on the drug ` ice ' . During the course of her trial , Silva repeatedly wept in court as the jury heard a series of abusive phone calls and texts sent by Mr Polkinghorne before his death . The court heard that Mr Polkinghorne arrived outside Ms Silva 's family home on the day he was killed after sending threatening text messages to her phone , months after she had ended their relationship . Ms Silva said he then punched her and ripped her pants before she ran inside to retrieve a knife with which to defend herself , while he continued to argue with her brother and father outside . Upon returning to the scene , she stabbed him in the shoulder , chest and back . Before his death , during a phone conversation between Silva and her brother Miguel , she was heard saying : ` He reckons he 's gon na come and kill me , right now ' . When Miguel tells her to call the cops , an increasingly distressed Silva replies : ` Why do you think I do n't tell them so he can bash me up all the f *** ing time . I 'm sick of it ... and I do n't know what to f *** ing do any more . ' ` Is there anyone we can f *** ing contact ... to get him killed or something ? ' she asks , later adding : ` Do n't worry I 'll f *** ing stab him myself ' . ` I walked away drained , I really did , ' Usher said . ` I have seen a lot of emotion , a lot of events , but the raw emotion was so fragile still , it left me speechless . ` You 'll see there are incredibly long pauses as we give her time to talk , it left me drained , sometimes you can put yourself in people in their shoes , but not this time , it was horrific to hear . ` I 'm thinking that the amount of women who will watch this and know exactly what she is going through and went through . ` It 's a fact that the woman is usually the one who ends up dying . ` But she told it to send a warning to others , she did everything wrong , that she should have left at the very first sign of violence . ' See the full story on 60 Minutes at 8.30 pm on Nine tonight .