Firefighters tackling a huge blaze at an Oxford hotel saved a couple 's wedding when they salvaged their rings and the bride 's dress from the charred building yesterday . Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday . The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city . Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in TV 's Inspector Morse . No one was hurt . Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in TV 's Inspector Morse . No one was hurt . Seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds . The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear but aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams . The five-star hotel , run by the Macdonald chain , includes the Morse Bar , named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases . Cast and crew also stayed there while filming the detective drama . The Morse Bar has featured in episodes of the follow-on TV series , Lewis , too . Seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds . Roads were closed around the hotel as fire crews fought to stop the flames spreading , while its staff and guests were evacuated . Eyewitness Anabel Bacon , who was on the roof terrace of the Ashmolean Museum opposite the imposing , gothic hotel , said there was an initial plume of smoke , which stopped very quickly - but `` all of a sudden it resumed again with just as much force '' . She said : ` The fire service was there very quickly after the second plume erupted , within five minutes . Everyone was surprised ... no one knew what was going on . ' The fire 's cause is not known and the extent of the damage to the Grade II listed building remains unclear . An aerial view over the historic hotel shows massive plumes of smoke billowing over Oxford city centre .