A man who fled to South Africa in the hope of a better life has been brutally murdered by a mob who are believed to have attacked him purely because he came from Mozambique . Shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in Alexandra township near Johannesburg . In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole 's life . His cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket . Attack : Shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in Alexandra township near Johannesburg . Sick : As Emmanuel Sithole lay injured in the gutter another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench . The brutal attack was captured on camera on Saturday morning by a journalist from South Africa 's Sunday Times newspaper who was in the neighbourhood to interview a number of foreign-born shopkeepers who 'd had their businesses looted overnight . But as children played in the streets and onlookers stopped to inspect the damage from the previous evening , the Mozambique-born passer-by was brutally attacked without warning by a man carrying a metal wrench . As Mr Sithole sat injured in the gutter another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench . A third attacker - wearing a grey hoodie - then reportedly entered the fray , running over and kicking Mr Sithole in the head as he pulled out a large butcher 's knife . Before he had the chance to use the knife a witness intervened and the three men fled the scene . It was too late for Mr Sithole , however , who managed to stumble along the road pleading for help for his fatal injuries before collapsing fatally injured in a rubbish-strewn gutter . Under siege : The brutal attack was captured on camera on Saturday morning by a journalist from South Africa 's Sunday Times newspaper who was in the neighbourhood to interview a number of foreign-born shopkeepers who 'd had their businesses looted overnight . Beaten : As children played in the streets and onlookers stopped to inspect the damage from the previous evening , the Mozambique-born passer-by was brutally attacked without warning by a man carrying a metal wrench . Savage : Another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab Emmanuel Sithole repeatedly . Witnesses , including the journalist , took Mr Sithole in the back of a car to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift because he feared being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . During the subsequent journey to a hospital , Mr Sithole 's condition deteriorated as he screamed and winced in agony before he eventually fell unconscious . Porters initially refused to take the man into the hospital as he appeared to be dead but , after spotting him choking he was rushed inside the building where doctors tried in vain to save his life . The cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket . Following the attack , fearful immigrants in South Africa revealed they had been targeted by longtime neighbors and people who warned they would assault anyone carrying a foreign passport . The immigrants spoke at a tent camp where they are now living having fled Alexandra when the mobs began attacking shops owned by those from other African countries . Harrowing : A third attacker then entered the fray , running over and kicking Mr Sithole in the head as he pulled out a large butcher 's knife . Brave : Before the man had the chance to use the large knife , a witness intervened and the three attackers fled the scene . The violence in Alexandra township followed anti-immigrant riots in and around the coastal city of Durban that killed at least six people , recalling a bout of similar unrest in South Africa in 2008 in which about 60 people died . The message from the mobs in Alexandra was , ` We do n't want to see people with passports . We only want to see people with South African IDs , ' said Veronica Lechaea , who comes from the southern African country of Lesotho and has lived in South Africa since 2008 . Lechaea , who works as an office cleaner in Johannesburg , left her home in Alexandra and sought refuge in a camp set up on the grounds of an Anglican church by the charity Gift of the Givers . She said she makes about $ 250 a month and sends half of the money home to Lesotho to support her 12-year-old son , who is living there with his grandparents . The attacks stem from a perception that immigrants are taking jobs at the expense of South Africans in a country with high unemployment . Many people from other countries have entered South Africa illegally , though the government has said a large number are working legally and contributing to economic development . Some African countries are arranging to repatriate their fearful citizens , and there have been protests and calls in Malawi , Zimbabwe and other regional nations for a boycott of South African goods . Dying : Witnesses took Mr Sithole in the back of a car to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift because he feared being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . Fatally wounded : In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because the a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . During the subsequent journey to hospital , Mr Sithole 's condition deteriorated as he screamed in agony before eventually falling unconscious . South Africa has one of the biggest economies in Africa and it is unclear whether any boycott would have a significant impact . Immigrants from Asia and the Middle East have also been affected by the violence in South Africa . Sandra Ngwanya , a chicken seller from Zimbabwe who also left her Alexandra home for the Gift of the Givers camp , said her neighbors told her : `` We are going to go door to door , taking your stuff and beating you . So we want you to go back to your country . '' Ngwanya , who has lived in South Africa since 2006 and married a South African , said she left her two young children with cousins and hoped to go home soon . ` They are saying it 's quiet . The police are all over the place . I want to go and check on our stuff , ' said Ngwanya , whose husband works in a mine outside Johannesburg and planned to return to check on his family . However , some people at the camp said the situation remained volatile .