An ex-wife of a North Carolina man serving life in prison for the murder of his third wife has opened up about the abuse she faced when she was married to the man . Amanda Casey , also of North Carolina , was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . He went on to marry his third wife , Shelby Wilkie . Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole . Amanda Casey has opened up about the abuse she faced at the hands of Michael Wilkie , who in January was found guilty of the 2012 murder of his third wife . ` He said if I ever tried to take his daughter away from him that he would kill me , ' Casey told ABC 's 20/20 . Casey and Shelby Wilkie had met Michael Wilkie through an online dating site . Casey said they dated for a year-and-a-half before getting married . ` He was very friendly , very charming , easy to talk to , very soft spoken , and he had a good job and seemed to be pretty good , ' Casey said . A couple months after marrying in 2004 , Michael Wilkie began controlling aspects of Casey 's life and alienating himself from Casey 's daughter from a previous marriage , Casey said . ` If I planned to do something with one of my friends , he would manipulate the situation , and there would be something that came up that would interfere or get in the way , ' she said . And then he began to get physically abusive and attacked her when she was pregnant with their daughter . He grabbed me around my throat and threw me around our bedroom and on the bed . My shoulder went through and made that hole in the sheetrock in the bedroom , ' she said . Michael Wilkie -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to life in prison with no parole for killing his third wife , Shelby Wilkie -LRB- right -RRB- . Shelby and Michael Wilkie , both of North Carolina , had met on an online dating site . But Casey never reported the incident and her friends and family were not aware of Michael Wilkie 's abusive side because ` he was so good at masking ' . ` It was like Jekyll and Hyde : two personalities and you did n't know which one you would get , ' Casey said . ` You did n't know which one . You would meet when you got home . ' She said she ` had thoughts ' that Michael Wilkie would kill her , ` mainly because he told me he would kill me ' . But Casey did n't leave Wilkie for quite some time . ` I am the type of person that I will stay in a situation , whether it 's a job or a marriage ... longer than I should because I do n't give up hope easily , ' she told 20/20 . ` And I am always thinking about , ` What could I do to make it better ? ' After an argument about pictures taken of their daughters together in 2006 , Casey left Michael Wilkie . She took her older daughter but left the couple 's three-year-old behind . The couple later divorced in 2008 . Casey eventually remarried and gained joint-custody of her and Michael Wilkie 's child , and met her former husband 's new wife , Shelby Wilkie , at a school event for their daughter . Shelby Wilkie was murdered in 2012 and her remains were found after a long search . Her and Michael Wilkie 's child , Sydney -LRB- left -RRB- , is in the process of being adopted by Shelby 's brother , Bill Sprowls , Jr , against Michael 's wishes . She did not , however , warn Shelby Wilkie about the abuse she faced when she was married to Michael Wilkie . ` I had hoped that things had changed , and that it was me and not , you know , him . And that way , hey , he could be happy . She could be happy , and it could be a nice household environment , ' Casey said about the couple . Just before Shelby Wilkie went missing the pair did have a short conversation . ` She said , ` I just want to ask you some things about Michael , is that OK ? ' And I said , ` Sure , ' Casey recalled . ` And I said , ` Shelby , if there is anybody that knows what you are going through , it 's me . ' Casey told Shelby Wilkie she had to go shortly after and asked her to call her back . She never got a call back , and instead saw Michael Wilkie pleading for Shelby Wilkie to come home . Casey -LRB- right -RRB- married Michael Wilkie in 2004 . She said a few months after the wedding be become controlling and eventually physically abusive . At times , she said she feared he would kill her . At first , Casey thought that Shelby Wilkie had run from her husband , but Michael Wilkie was then arrested , charged and found guilty of his wife 's murder . Shelby Wilkie had filed two domestic violence charges against her husband before her death , but both were voluntarily dismissed , according to WSOC . Blood and her ashes , along with a charred bracelet her mother had given her , were later found and Michael Wilkie was arrested , according to ABC . And it was n't until his arrest that Casey finally felt safe , she said . ` It 's made me grow as a person , ' she said . ` And it has made me stronger as a human being . '