DUI : Rand Paul 's eldest son William Paul , 22 , was cited for a DUI on Sunday in Lexington , Kentucky but not arrested . A son of Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on Sunday . However William Hilton Paul , 22 , was not arrested . Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24 am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car , in Lexington , Kentucky , according to police . Some people nearby heard the crash and alerted authorities . Witnesses said Paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck , reported kentucky.com . Lexington Police spokeswoman Sherelle Roberts said Paul was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face . Paul failed a field sobriety test , reported lex18.com . He refused blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital . Although the 22-year-old had ` bloodshot , watery eyes ' and was behaving in a ` belligerent ' way according to the report , he was not arrested . Roberts said that is standard protocol for a case in which a DUI suspect is hospitalized . The 22-year-old student is scheduled to be arraigned in Fayette District Court on May 12 . Paul , a senior at the University of Kentucky majoring in communications , has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law . In October 2013 , Paul was cited for possession of alcohol by a minor by the Kentucky Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control while drinking at a racetrack . In January 2013 , Paul was charged with assaulting a female flight attendant , underage consumption , disorderly conduct , and being intoxicated and disruptive when his flight arrived at the airport . Those charges were dropped after Paul completed alcohol education classes and community service . On Sunday , a police officer cited Paul for operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol and failure of a nonowner/operator to maintain insurance . Paul was alone at the time of the crash . A campaign spokesman said Senator Rand Paul does not comment on any private matters with regards to his family . Rand Paul , pictured on Saturday , a Republican 2016 presidential contender , refused to comment after his son crashed into a parked car on Sunday in Lexington , Kentucky while under the influence of alcohol .