These are the last known movements of a murdered university student whose body was found in the boot of a burning car . Firefighters made the grim discovery of Janet Muller 's body in Ifield , near Crawley , West Sussex on March 13 . Police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old University of Brighton student in Portslade on the night before her death . Scroll down for video . Janet Muller was seen walking in a subway in Portslade , East Sussex , at 10.30 pm on March 12 . The images were released shortly after the youngster 's family spoke about her ` bubbly ' personality in a heartfelt tribute . The bright student 's family described her as an ` inspirational , passionate and caring person ' and said her death had left a ` deep hole ' in their hearts . The day before the grim discovery , on March 12 , Miss Muller had been reported missing from Mill View Hospital in Nevill Avenue , Hove , a Sussex Police spokesman said . She was then captured on CCTV at 10.33 pm that night in a subway in Portslade . The second clip sees her in Station Road at 12.28 am and the final one walking towards Brighton and crossing Sackville Gardens near the BP garage at 12.55 am . The German student , from Eastbourne , died of smoke inhalation , according to police . Paying tribute to Miss Muller , her family said : ` Janet was a much loved daughter and twin sister and words ca n't describe how much pain we as a family are in right now . ` She was always there for us and was someone that always made us smile and laugh no matter what . ` Janet was a very inspirational , passionate and caring person . Throughout her life she always cared deeply for her friends and family . ` This tragic event has left a deep hole in the hearts of all that knew her . She will be deeply missed and always remembered for her energetic , fun , bubbly and vibrant personality . ` We are overwhelmed with the love and support that we have received from Janet 's friends worldwide . Janet would have been so happy knowing how much she was loved . Janet Muller was discovered dead in the boot of a burning car by firefighters . The 21-year-old died as a result of smoke inhalation . ` We will never forget our beautiful girl and will work with the police to establish her last movements and why she was taken from us so cruelly . We wo n't rest until we find the truth . ' Detective Chief Inspector Karen Mizzi , of the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team , said : ` We are extremely grateful to Janet 's family for their co-operation in agreeing to allow release of these images , which are the last known of Janet before she died . ` We are very keen to learn about her last movements between leaving Millview Hospital and the discovery of her body in Ifield on Friday , March 13 . Police and forensic officers at the scene after her body was discovered on March 13 . ` If you saw her in the area around those times or perhaps a little later , please email 101@sussex.pnn.police.uk or call 101 quoting Operation Madeira . ` Even if you think you may have seen her or that your sighting was only brief , please do call as your information could prove very important to us . ' Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw , 26 , of Lakeside , Beckenham , London , has been charged with her murder and will appear at Guildford Crown Court for a preliminary hearing on April 9 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .