Two mistakes from Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie handed Celtic the Glasgow Cup as they clinched the trophy for the fourth time in eight seasons at Hampden . Josh Kerr took advantage when the Scotland under-17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the Hoops in front before McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line . With Old Firm bosses Ronny Deila and Stuart McCall looking on , it was the former who left happiest after seeing Tommy McIntyre 's side record a deserved victory . Celtic U17 players celebrate after beating Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden . Celtic goalscorer Josh Kerr holds the trophy in the air as he celebrates on Tuesday evening . Both teams line up ahead of the match which was played behind closed doors at Hampden Park . And as only local schoolkids and their parents were allowed in following trouble among fans at the last three finals , the match passed without any major off-field problems . Rangers took the game to their opponents but early headers from Aiden Wilson and Ross McCrorie ran past either post . Celtic hit back and began to dictate play , sitting further up the park the more time wore on and pressing well for an opener . Nine days after the Parkhead club 's first team was denied a clear penalty in the Scottish Cup against Inverness , their youths had another good claim . But Kyle Bradley 's handball in the box from a Regan Hendry shot went unnoticed by referee Stephen Graham before the midfielder fired the rebound straight at Robby McCrorie . Calvin Miller then shot just over from 20 yards , Hendry was denied again by McCrorie and Miller screwed another long-range drive inches wide as the Hoops looked more likely to net . Kerr fires the ball into the net to give Celtic the lead against Rangers in the 74th minute . Kerr slides along the Hampden pitch in celebration after putting Celtic ahead . Mark Hill -LRB- third left -RRB- is congratulated by his team-mates after doubling Celtic 's lead . Just when it seemed they would get themselves in front , Hendry nodded past from close range when Miller picked him out with a great right-wing cross and it was a poor miss . Rangers were being restricted to playing on the counter and offered little in attack , with a low Ross Lyon shot that ran tamely wide being as close as they came . It took some strong defending to keep them level at the break too , with two last-gasp tackles from Wilson and Ross McCrorie being just enough to deny Hendry . Celtic kept pressing after the restart , with Theo Archibald firing a volley over and Rory Currie 's low attempt flashing off target . They almost paid for their slackness in front of goal , with Gers ' Sam Jamieson forcing a terrific tip over the bar from keeper Ross Doohan . Celtic manager Ronny Deila watches the U17 side claim victory in the Glasgow Cup . Rangers manager Stuart McCall -LRB- centre -RRB- , assistant Kenny Black -LRB- left -RRB- and goalkeeping coach Jim Stewart watch the match from the stands at Hampden . The Light Blues took heart from that and began coming forward more but were just as sloppy with their finishing as Wilson nodded a Lyon corner over . Celtic responded once again , with Robby McCrorie smothering Mark Hill 's attempt , Dan Higgins aiming too high from 20 yards and McCrorie gathering Archibald 's grasscutter . Rangers made their best chances through Lyon and substitute Jamie Barjonas but rued their misses as Celtic scored twice in as many minutes and McCrorie was culpable both times . Celtic players celebrate in the dressing room at the national stadium in Glasgow . He failed to take Hendry 's corner when he tried to claim it with 16 minutes left and Kerr lashed in the loose ball from four yards . McCrorie 's error moments later was worse , however , as he fumbled into the net when a flighted Hill free kick came in from wide on the left . Rangers tried to get back into the game and Jamieson came closest but Doohan kept him out and that sealed Celts ' success .