Bearing in mind he 's a dog , Don the border collie did a pretty good job yesterday of piloting a tractor across a motorway . To be fair , however , this probably was n't the first thought to strike rush-hour drivers as they watched him crash through a fence and come hurtling towards them . Like a scene from Wallace and Gromit , the intrepid sheepdog was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank , on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier . Don 's owner Tom Hamilton -LRB- pictured -RRB- was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls . The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road . Don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks . Despite considerable damage , Don escaped unhurt -- but left scores of motorists wondering if they were imagining things . Traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups ` due to a dog taking control of tractor ' , adding : ` Nope , not joking . ' Appropriately , they could n't resist the hashtag : ` #maycausetailbacks ' . Observers and Twitter commentators joined the pun fun by speculating : ` Police investigating -- so far no leads ' ; or the inevitable : ` This is barking . ' The incident happened at junction 13 of the M74 , near Abington in South Lanarkshire . Sheep farmer Tom Hamilton was travelling across a field in the John Deere Gator farm vehicle with his companion in the passenger seat during their morning rounds . Behind the wheel : Don leaned on the controls of the tractor before driving it on to the M74 near Abington in South Lanarkshire during rush hour . The vehicle shot out of the field and crashed down a bank by the side of the road before colliding with the central reservation of the M74 near junction 13 northbound as shown by the red arrow . Moments after he got out of the vehicle , it took off with Don at the wheel . Safely back at nearby Kirkton Farm yesterday with Don at his side , Mr Hamilton explained : ` I was sorting out one of the lambs and had n't put the brake on . ` When I turned around I saw it racing towards the motorway . I ran after it but I could n't catch up . ' Traffic Scotland tweeted the news that a dog had ` taken control of a tractor ' before adding , ` nope , not joking ' Officers cleared the motorway within half an hour and Don was reunited with his relieved owner at nearby Kirkton Farm . Remarkably , drivers managed to avoid the runaway vehicle before it came to crashing halt , and none was hurt . Nor did the black and white border collie -LRB- a breed noted for its intelligence and obedience -RRB- panic or flee in terror . ` He did n't even bark , ' Mr Hamilton said . Police said Don had set the vehicle in motion by inadvertently leaning on the controls . ` So far people seem to find it amusing , ' Mr Hamilton said . ` But I think Don 's driving days are over . ' Monty , a giant schnauzer cross , was pictured driving a mini down a race track in New Zealand in 2012 .