Welcome to the exoplanet HD 189733b , where temperatures reach 3,000 ° c -LRB- 5,400 ° f -RRB- and winds are in excess of 620mph -LRB- 1,000 km/h -RRB- . This world might be 63 light-years away - and we ca n't even get a direct image of it - but scientists have incredibly been able to measure its atmosphere , just by measuring its sodium emission . The findings - made with a relatively small telescope - suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds beyond the solar system in unprecedented detail . Swiss researchers measured the temperature of ` Hot Jupiter ' HD 189733b . They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000 ° c in the atmosphere -LRB- shown in diagram -RRB- . And wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals . The research was carried out by scientists from the Universities of Geneva and Bern in Switzerland . HD 189733b is a gas-giant slightly larger than Jupiter located 370 trillion miles -LRB- 600 trillion km -RRB- from Earth - or 63 light-years . It is located in the constellation Vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the ` little fox ' . The scientists found that the temperature on the planet increases dramatically with altitude -- up to 3,000 ° c -LRB- 5,400 ° f -RRB- in the upper atmosphere , hot enough to melt lead . Type : ` Hot Jupiter ' gas giant . Distance from Earth : 63 light years . Temperature : Up to 3,000 ° c -LRB- 5,400 ° f -RRB- . Wind speed : 620mph -LRB- 1,000 km/h -RRB- . Conditions : Glass particles in the atmosphere give it its dazzling blue colour . Coupled with the extremely high wind speed of 620 mph -LRB- 1,000 km/h -RRB- , it reveals the planet has an extremely turbulent atmosphere - and is almost certainly inhospitable to life . The planet was already known to orbit 13 times closer to its star that Mercury is to our sun , completing an orbit in just 2.2 days . But the results are exciting , because it highlights just how much information we can glean from a distant world with limited technologies . Speaking to MailOnline , subproject leader Dr Kevin Heng said it could be possible to measure the conditions on an Earth-like world using this technique -- although the process was difficult . ` It remains to be seen if the astronomical community is able to do these measurements for Earth analogues , ' he said . The difficulty arises because an Earth-sized world blocks out much less of the light of its parent star compared to a Jupiter-sized world like HD 189733 b . ` It would help if we can find an Earth-like exoplanet orbiting a really bright star , ' Dr Heng added . And he said the research was important because they used a ` dinky four-metre telescope from the ground to do measurements of the quality as the Hubble Space Telescope . ' HD 189733b -LRB- right -RRB- is a gas-giant slightly larger than Jupiter -LRB- left -RRB- located 600 trillion kilometres from Earth - or 63 light-years . It is located in the constellation Vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the ` little fox ' The scientists found that the temperature on the planet -LRB- illustrated -RRB- increases dramatically with altitude -- up to 3,000 C in the upper atmosphere , hot enough to melt lead . The technique works by measuring the ` sodium signal ' from distant worlds . When a planet passes in front of its star , the intensity of this signal varies . Depending on how weak or strong the signal is , it is possible to work out how hot the planet is . And because the signals come from different altitudes , the scientists can measure the temperature difference across the atmosphere . Lower down on the planet , temperatures are believed to drop to a still-scorching 1,700 ° c -LRB- 3,100 ° f -RRB- . To measure the wind , the team measured how the sodium lines were ` blueshifted ' - meaning its light was stretched in such a way to indicate it was coming towards us . The planet -LRB- shown -RRB- was already known to orbit 13 times closer to its star that Mercury is to our sun , completing an orbit in just 2.2 days . But the results are exciting , because it highlights just how much information we can glean from a distant world with limited technologies . And this blueshift suggests winds are coming from a circulation process on the planet -- or , in other words , superfast winds . Comparable measurements of this planet have been made before , using large ground-based telescope -LRB- with mirrors up to 10 metres in size -RRB- and the Hubble Space Telescope . But this research used a comparatively small telescope , just 3.6 metres wide , at the European Southern Observatory -LRB- ESO -RRB- in La Silla , Chile . The research opens up the opportunity of studying atmospheres of distant exoplanets without having to resort to giant observatories or space telescopes .