Unwilling : The British Medical Association also found nearly two-thirds of GPs were not willing to join into larger groups to ensure one surgery in an area was open on Saturdays and Sundays . GPs are in revolt over Government plans for them to offer patients appointments seven days a week . Almost all family doctors polled in a new survey said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . And nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries to ensure that at least one in the area is open to patients on Saturdays and Sundays . The Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the Prime Minister 's Challenge Fund , launched in 2013 . Surgeries have been urged to form into groups of 20 to 30 to ensure that between them at least one stays open in the evenings and at weekends . The results of early trials published last month showed that among 34 practices taking part in the scheme in Central London , the number of patients going to a & e dropped by between 8 and 10 per cent . But a survey of 15,560 GPs by their union , the British Medical Association , found 63 per cent were opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week . Some 94 per cent were against their own practice opening every day . Just 2 per cent were in favour , while the remainder did n't know . The survey also found that 67 per cent want to make the standard ten minute appointment longer to give them more time to properly care for patients . And 93 per cent said their heavy workload has negatively affected patient care . This is mainly because they do not have the staff or the resources to provide appointments to the increasing numbers seeking them . Dr Chaand Nagpaul , chairman of the BMA 's GP Committee , said : ` GPs want to provide better services and spend more time with their patients , especially the increasing number of older people who often have a range of multiple health needs that require intensive , coordinated care . ` Unfortunately , this landmark poll highlights that GPs ' ability to care for patients is being seriously undermined by escalating workload , inadequate resourcing and unnecessary paperwork . Drop : A trial period opening GPs surgeries seven days a week found the numbers going to a & e fell . ` While there is a willingness from GPs to look at offering extended hours , more than nine in ten GPs do not feel that their practice can provide blanket seven day services when GPs are struggling to provide even basic care to their patients . ` GPs also feel it is more important to provide longer consultations . '