ISIS has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb ` which killed innocent people ' in the Syrian city of al-Mayadin . The terrorist group 's latest barbaric video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . They are all marched to a small wooden stump and instructed to kneel , before an Islamic State militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking their heads off with a sharpened blade . Scroll down for video . Murderous : A gruesome video has emerged showing a masked Jihadi -LRB- pictured -RRB- beheading six men accused by Islamic State of exploding a car bomb in a Syrian city it controls . Gruesome : One by one , the alleged soldiers of Syrian President Bashar Al Assad 's regime are marched to a wooden stump and killed in front of a large crowd of men and young boys -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Killer : The executioner calmly wipes the blood from his sharpened blade after the fourth beheading in the six-minute propaganda video which was filmed in the city of al-Mayadin . One by one , the alleged fighters are paraded in front of men and very young boys and their are heads carefully placed on a wooden platform , before they are taken clean off . The shocking video surfaced on ISIS ' vast social media channels . The footage cuts from the merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults - allegedly from the car bomb the doomed men exploded in the city . The beginning of the six-minute long propaganda video - posted online on April 5 - depicts a seemingly normal day in the ISIS-held territory in eastern Syria . Men gather to pray at a local mosque , shackled captives are herded into the backs of trucks and men are flogged in public for unknown crimes . The footage sharply cuts to the complete destruction of an al-Mayadin neighbourhood where locals frantically retrieve body parts from the rubble , extinguish fires and carry the wounded to shelter . An announcer then tells a furious horde the men are Alawites , a derogatory term used by Islamist fundamentalists to describe President Assad 's soldiers . Executed : A masked ISIS militant announces to the crowd that the men -LRB- pictured -RRB- have been sentenced to death by an Islamic Court ` for waging war on God ' Cruel : As a large crowd gathers , the Jihadi -LRB- pictured -RRB- says : ` Whoever kills the Muslims and spills their blood , their reward is slaughter ' Destruction : The executions of the men was retaliation for the car bomb they allegedly exploded in a al-Mayadin neighbourhood -LRB- pictured -RRB- - killing children and civilians . He says the execution is ` qisas ' - or retaliation - for their alleged attack and imposed by the Islamic court for ` waging war on God and his messenger ' . Aymenn Jawad Al-Tamimi - a Research Fellow at the Middle East Forum at Kings College London - translated the militant 's speech for MailOnline . In front of the amassing crowd he says : ` Whoever kills the Muslims and spills their blood , their reward is slaughter . ' ` Just as God Almighty said : `` Strike them upon their necks and strike from them every fingertip '' for this evil element that blew up its car there and terrorised the Muslims . ' Al-Mayadin is one of two locations where ISIS has opened ` recruitment offices ' to induct children into their ranks , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights -LRB- SOHR -RRB- . Caliphate : The beginning of the video released on ISIS ' social media channels depicts everyday life in its state , which includes the public flogging of men who committed unknown crimes -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Breeding ground : Islamic State has allegedly recruited over 400 child soldiers from the eastern Syrian city of al-Mayadin where the militants proudly fly the notorious black flag used by Islamist terror groups . It reported that as of March 23 at least 400 young children from the city and nearby al-Bokamal had joined the terrorist group 's Ashbal al-Khilafah , ` the cubs of the caliphate ' . These offices convince and attract children who live in ISIS-controlled territory and who go to its closely monitored and propaganda-fueled schools and mosques . They are encouraged to come to the squares where brutal executions , whippings , crucifixions and beheadings are routinely carried out . But the number of foreign fighters joining Islamic State in the first three months of 2015 is believed to be the least since it self-declared a global ` caliphate ' in 2014 , SOHR claims .