This is the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of Men 's Health Magazine . Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual Ultimate Guy Search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor . He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway , who clinched the top spot last year . The competition aims to find a man ` who possesses all of the qualities that make up today 's well-rounded , active , health-conscious and thoughtful guy ' . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Cover star ? Aydian Dowling is the transgender man widely touted to be on the cover of Men 's Health . Miles ahead : Though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent , Aydian clearly has a huge backing . Family life : Aydian , who transitioned in 2009 , lives with his wife of three years Jenilee in Oregon . A spokesman told Yahoo : ` We 're looking for a guy who 's physically fit , who lives a healthy lifestyle , leads by example , has overcome some challenges in his life , and somebody who our readers can learn something from . ' With a fan base of thousands on Facebook , Aydian is touted as a role model for transgender , gay , bisexual , and heterosexual men in showing that he has struggled , achieved , and helped others . Aydian , who started taking ` T ' -LRB- testosterone medication -RRB- in 2009 , lives in Eugene , Oregon , with his wife of three years Jenilee . Beyond his hit YouTube channel , the entrepreneur has launched his own sportswear brand , Point5cc , which he says is ` designed to highlight transgender pride ' . His contestant application reads : ` The battle that can come with the mirror can be completely dark and engulfing . ` As a Transgender Male , having a healthy body and mind is my ultimate goal to find peace within my soul . ` Overcome something ' : The magazine said Aydian embodies the values they are looking for in their annual Ultimate Guy Search - active , thoughtful and somebody who readers can learn something from . On his application Aydian said he may always battle with his body but being healthy is his key to ` finding peace ' History in the making : If he wins , Aydian would make history as the magazine 's first transgender cover star . ` Although I may always have some kind of battle with my body , I continue to work every day for a happy peace within . ' He adds : ` On days `` off '' I love to go with my wife , Jenilee , out on hikes around the Pacific North West . ` Although I also love my day to day routines , smashing through thresholds and sculpting the body , there is nothing quite like the beauty being outside can do to a person . ` I always have this sense of discovery and drive through my hikes that is unlike anything in the gym or the track . ' Though the public vote only counts for 10 per cent of the vote , Aydian is confident he has what it takes to win over the magazine 's judging panel . If he wins he would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway , who clinched the top spot last year .