Mario Balotelli hit back at those criticising his absence for Liverpool 's FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn Rovers due to illness by attempting to prove he had a high temperature . Robbie Savage branded Balotelli ` pathetic ' for missing the game , four days after he withdrew himself from the Liverpool squad for their trip to Arsenal following a ` slight knock ' suffered in training . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers revealed the £ 16million striker travelled with the squad to Blackburn , but that he felt too ill to take part after staying over in the hotel with his team-mates . Mario Balotelli responded to Robbie Savage 's labelling of the Liverpool striker as ` pathetic ' Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn Rovers this week . Brendan Rodgers revealed Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad on Saturday and fell ill on Wednesday . Liverpool scraped through to a Wembley date with Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals thanks to Philippe Coutinho 's strike . With 20 minutes remaining at Ewood Park , the Brazilian fired the ball across goal and past Rovers keeper Simon Eastwood . Click here to read Ian Ladyman 's report . BT Sport pundit and former Blackburn midfielder Savage said : ` Pathetic is n't it ? You 're going to miss an FA Cup quarter-final ? ` I do n't know how unwell he is , but to miss an FA Cup quarter-final when you 're feeling a bit ill ? Nonsense . I would have to be really , really ill to miss that game . ' Balotelli responded by posting a photograph of himself on Instagram , holding a thermometer reading 38.7 Celsius -- 1.7 C above ` normal ' body temperature . Philippe Coutinho fires home the winner to send Liverpool into the FA Cup semi-final against Reading . Coutinho celebrates with his team-mates as Liverpool keep their dreams of winning a trophy alive . Mario Balotelli reported a temperature of 38.7 C -LRB- 101.66 F -RRB- which is indeed above the normal body temperature of 37C -LRB- 99.5 F -RRB- . The Liverpool striker may also have felt hot , sweaty , thirsty , very uncomfortable and slightly hungry . He may also have felt tired . Should body temperature reach 40C -LRB- 104F -RRB- , the person will be dehydrated and may suffer from vomiting and dizziness . With the snap , Balotelli wrote : ` Nothing stop me to watch my team winning . At least this time you know the real reason I am out . Miss the pitch so much #unluckyseason #YNWA #illbeback -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Rodgers planned to use Balotelli for the FA Cup tie , but admitted it was at the final moment his misfiring striker became unavailable . ` Mario travelled with us . He trained well , -LSB- but -RSB- fell ill last night , ' Rodgers said ahead of the match which ended 1-0 to Liverpool . ` He stayed overnight with us in the hotel , -LSB- but -RSB- woke up still not feeling great . The doctors ' advice was to send him back . ' Balotelli 's absence follows the Italian missing last Saturday 's 4-1 defeat by Arsenal . The striker did not travel to the Emirates for the crunch clash after sustaining a hamstring injury in training on Friday . Rodgers said at the time : ` He trained on Friday afternoon with the team and he took a slight knock to his knee and he deemed himself not able to travel . ` I 'm not a medic . He felt it was too sore to travel . The medical staff have looked at it . It was just something that he himself did n't feel comfortable enough to travel . ' But Balotelli was reportedly later spotted with a group of friends at a private table at Manchester nightclub One Central Street . BT Sport pundit Savage feels it shows Balotelli 's lack of determination to be absent for the FA Cup tie .