Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool into the FA Cup semi-finals and made it a night to remember for Jordan Henderson . Liverpool 's captain provided the 70th-minute assist for Coutinho to break Blackburn Rovers ' resistance and secure a 1-0 win that sets up a Wembley date against Aston Villa a week on Sunday . It has been a dramatic 24 hours for Henderson , as his partner Beccy gave birth to their second daughter , Alba . The 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game . Philippe Coutinho hit the only goal of the game as Liverpool advanced to the FA Cup semi-finals . Kolo Toure -LRB- left -RRB- embraces new father Jordan Henderson on a day to remember for the Liverpool captain . The Brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team . As well as scoring the winner , he had the most shots , most touches , the highest duel success , highest dribble completion , and the most tackles . Henderson said : ` Philippe has a great football brain . It 's the easy bit giving it to him . Another bit of brilliance wins the game and gives everyone a lift . ' Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers revealed Henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived . Rodgers explained : ` His wife had a second child during the night so he had to go away , had n't slept so much , travelled all the way back again and put in the performance he did tonight . It was a real captain 's performance . ` He said to me , `` Boss , as soon as the baby 's out , I 'll be coming back '' . ' Brendan Rodgers -LRB- right -RRB- looks on as his side navigated their way through a tricky tie at Ewood Park . Liverpool celebrate a much-needed victory which sets up a Wembley date with Aston Villa on Sunday week . Coutinho has popped up with some important goals this season -- five of his six strikes have earned Liverpool results -LRB- four wins and a draw -RRB- . Rodgers thought the much-publicised review meeting he held with Liverpool 's players on Sunday paved the way for them to get back to winning ways in the FA Cup . The Reds boss had denied a report that an internal meeting following the 4-1 defeat to Arsenal had descended into crisis talks and his players responded on the pitch by booking their spot in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley with a hard-fought 1-0 replay victory over Blackburn . ` There was a lot made of that , ' he said . ` I 'm a coach who speaks openly to players . Part of the coaching philosophy for me is about reviewing and reflecting performance . ` It 's something that we 've done all year when we were winning games . That provides us the lever to move forward - how can we be better , how can we improve ? ` Because we lost a couple of games , there 's a lot been made of that meeting but that review was very , very important in how we want to work . If you do n't review and analyse your performance how can you get better ? '