` Discrimination ' : Gerry Pickens , 28 , is suing Orting , Washington , for firing him . He decided to file a suit after vandals sprayed racist graffiti on his car . The first black man ever to be hired as a police officer in a small northwestern town had his SUV sprayed with the N-word over a planned racial discrimination case against town authorities . Gerry Pickens , 28 , was fired by the chief of police in Orting , Washington , after just under a year on the town 's police force - an act he claims is motivated by racism . Pickens was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in Atlanta , Georgia - but took a pay cut and moved to quiet Orting , which has just 11 police officers . However , before his probation year was out , Pickens said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops - and was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin . The situation came to a head earlier this year , when he woke to find his car daubed with racist graffiti , seemingly prompted by fears he would sue over his dismissal . The vehicle , a Ford Explorer , was filmed by local news station KIRO in the wake of the racist act . On one side , ` n **** r ' had been sprayed in huge letters . The other side read : ` Sue cheif -LSB- sic -RSB- and pay ' . He later told the King5 TV station : ` I 'm in fear for my life because I do n't know who in Orting is out to get me ' . The incident , at the end of January this year , came to light again after the Washington Post published a long account of Pickens ' time in Orting , detailing some of what he sees as racist treatment . ` Sue cheif and pay ' : Vandals sprayed a misspelled message on the right hand side of Pickens ' car dissuading him from legal action . The other side reads ` n **** r ' He told reporter Eli Saslow that shortly after he started a member of the public played a practical joke on him by calling 911 to report a ` black juvenile ' driving a police car after they saw Pickens on patrol . Officers turned it into a joke , continuing to refer to him as the ` black juvenile ' . He was also reportedly called a ` token black guy ' by colleagues , and feels his vacation requests were handled differently . He also said he was treated unfairly over a complaint that he used a local gym without paying . The allegation - which , according to the News Tribune , was later dropped , saw him suspended from duty . Around the same time , Pickens said , a white officer was subject to an excessive force complaint , but was allowed to keep policing the whole time . Small town : Orting , a Washington town with a population of 8,000 , had never had a black cop before Pickens . ` Token black guy ' : Pickens says that fellow officers picked on him and that he was given harsher treatment than other officers by his superiors . A letter sent to Orting police by Pickens 's attorney also said that after he left the force , the chief of police , Bill Drake , ` slandered ' his former employee when asked for references by other forces . It claims he ` prevented him from future employment as a police officer . ' Drake said he could n't comment on that allegation due to the impeding legal case . However , the initial letter confirming that Pickens would be fired cited ` unsatisfactory performance ' . Other reasons suggested include filing incomplete reports , taking too long responding to an important traffic stop , going home while on duty and not helping an officer in a ` physical altercation ' . Allegations : Included in a $ 5million lawsuit is an allegation that Orting police chief Bill Drake ` slandered ' Pickens and stopped him from getting new jobs . According to the Post , Pickens has now filed a suit demanding $ 5million from Orting - a figure which is more than double the town 's annual budget and would equal a payout of around $ 625 from every single resident . The vandalism of Pickens ' car , which is being investigated by a different force to avoid conflicts of interest with Orting Police , remains unsolved . DailyMail.com has contacted Pickens and Orting Police for comment .