Jenson Button could do no more than ` look at the positives ' in the wake of another frustrating day at the wheel of his faltering McLaren . After stopping on track in each of the practice sessions on Friday due to technical issues , Button made it a hat-trick in qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix . After just three corners of the Bahrain International Circuit , the 35-year-old ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue . Jenson Button was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal after his engine failure . In first practice on Friday , the engine in Button 's car cut out at the first corner of his opening quick lap due to an electrical failure , and then come FP2 a sensor issue forced him to pull over . Racing director Eric Boullier insists the problems are ` unrelated ' , and ` just glitches stopping the car ' . The latest glitch , however , means Button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix , when he was driving for current power-unit suppliers Honda . In contrast , and on the upside , team-mate Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th . Describing his emotions , Button said : ` We 're racing drivers and you want to drive your racing car as fast as you can . ` Obviously when you are limited to running in P1 and P2 , with two stops on the circuit , it 's tough . ` But given how things felt this weekend , in terms of driving the car this morning , it felt pretty good . Button jumps out of his McLaren after failing to complete the qualifying session in Bahrain . ` I was quite happy with it . I ended up 11th . It 's still only P3 , but it was a good feeling . ` With Fernando in qualifying , our best qualifying getting into Q2 , you have to look at the positives . ` You would say we 're definitely making progress - we 're improving every race we go to - but just a tough weekend on my side of the garage . ' Alonso finished just four tenths of a second off reaching the top-10 shoot-out , but concedes he needs a helping hand if he is to finish in the points . The double world champion said : ` We 're a little closer than any other race this year , but we have to keep our feet on the ground . Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season . ' -LRB- On Saturday -RRB- we were 14th fastest , so -LRB- on Sunday -RRB- if nothing happens we will be 14th fastest in the race probably . ` This is not enough to be in the points . We know our limitations are still there , so we will try to do our best . ` Races can change quickly . Some things can happen at the start , with pit stops , so we will take any opportunity we have . ` The main priority is to finish the race , hopefully with both cars , to learn as much as we can with this car . ` The position at the end will depend on many factors , and probably a little bit it depends on the others as well . ` If we want some points probably we need some help . '