Kim Richards was arrested early Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer . Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30 am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge . Radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she 'd had a few too many vodka tonics . The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted ` Do n't you know who I am ? ' Scroll down for video . In jail : Kim Richards was arrested on Thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the Polo Lounge in The Beverly Hills Hotel . Kim - who has struggled with substance abuse in the past - then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called . A source told the website : ` She eventually locked herself in a bathroom and was refusing to come out and causing a scene . Cops had to be called at that point . ' According to Beverly Hills Police Department spokesman Lt. Lincoln Hoshino , Kim appeared ` belligerent with slurred speech and wreaking of a strong odor of alcohol . ' Kim allegedly cursed at officers and ` passively resisted arrest , ' Hoshino said . Where is went down : After drinking vodka tonics all night a bartender at The Polo Lounge refused to serve the former child star and she then became angry saying ` Do n't you know who I am ? ' Taking a turn for the worse : After resisting arrest Kim - who apparently smelled strongly of booze - was eventually booked into a local jail where she kicked a police officer . TMZ reports the reality star had to be dragged out of the restrooms and taken to a nearby jail where she kicked a police officer . The reality star was issued a citation for trespass , resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and drunk in public and was later released on $ 20,000 bail at around 10:30 am in the morning . She is due to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 . Sources close to Kim 's family tell People that they are heartbroken at the star 's behaviour which has become more erratic in recent months . ` It will never get better . ... She 's been a mess , showing up late to events and social gatherings and acting bizarre or belligerent or both . ' ` They of course love -LSB- Kim -RSB- and want to help , but no one can talk any sense into her because she is so out of it . ' Really friends ? Kim 's supposed BFF Brandi Glanville took to her Twitter shortly after hearing the arrest news . Cast support : Kim 's RHOBH cast mate Lisa Rinna tweeted her support despite questioning Kim 's sobriety throughout the latest season . Empathy : Eileen Davidson also shared her reaction on Twitter shortly after news of Kim 's arrest . The news may be unsurprising for some of her loved ones , however , as Us Weekly reported that she has been treating friends and family members terribly as a source said : ` Kim has been on the outs from her family recently . ` Things are so bad that nobody can deal with her . You ca n't even talk to her for two seconds -- she turns horrible to everybody . ' This type of reported behaviour is so alarming that some experts believe it would be best for Bravo to dismiss the television personality from the reality programme according to People . ` This is one of those moments when her painfully public problem can become a personally promising opportunity to turn her life around , ' said William C. Moyers from the Hazelden Betty For Foundation , ` But only if she takes seriously the reality of what 's happened , by stepping away from the limelight and instead putting her attention on the help she needs and deserves to get better . ' ` There is nothing funny or appealing about the reality of Kim 's situation , ' the expert added . ` She owes it to herself to step away from the limelight to get help . Her costars and Bravo should encourage Kim to take the first step or next step to recover . ' Her on-screen group : Kim 's sobriety was a major plot point during the fifth season of the hit reality series -LRB- pictured at the reunion in February -RRB- . All talk ? In Tuesday night 's finale reunion show Kim was adamant that she is not struggling with her sobriety . During an episode of RHOBH in January , Kim maintained ` I do n't drink , I do n't smoke , I do n't do drugs ... I do n't have anything to hide , ' after being asked outright if she was still sober . On Tuesday 's finale reunion episode of RHOBH , the former actress was defiant that everyone stop discussing her sobriety - insisting that when she popped a pill at Eileen 's poker party it was a one-off under extraordinary circumstances . ` I took a pill for a chronic pain that I was having . Did I take somebody else 's pill ? Yes . Was that right ? No . ' Kim explained of taking a pill from ex-husband Monty , who has been battling cancer . Kim continued : ` Let 's get this straight real quick - I am not struggling with my sobriety , nor have I struggled with my sobriety , ' she said . After questioning where anyone had any real concern for her , she again insisted : ` I am sober . I have been sober for three years . I do n't appreciate all the conversations that have been behind my back . And I do not have to defend myself any longer . ' Defiant : Kim told her co-stars ` I am sober . I have been sober for three years and I do not have to defend myself any longer . ' Family tension : The reality star also came to blows with her sister Kyle -LRB- pictured in red -RRB- during the hour-long show with Bravo 's Andy Cohen . Co-star Lisa Rinna shot back ` Well Kim I 'm just going to say - you showed up at my house and you were higher than a kite , ' which further infuriated Kim who stressed that she had been open about that one occasion . ' Kim 's RHOBH cast mates expressed their reaction to their friend 's arrest on their Twitter pages . ` I was sad to hear about Kim 's incident and I wish her and her family the best , ' Rinna tweeted . ` I feel badly for Kim Richards and her family my thoughts and prayers are with them during this difficult time , ' said Eileen Davidson . And BFF Brandi Glanville wrote : ` Wanted to say thank you to @KimRichards11 for donating to our school auction in the middle of all she has going on ! so proud of her . ` Real friends are their in the good times , the bad times & especially the worst times.I am blessed with real friends & am a real friend myself . ' Another one under her belt : Season five came to an end with part three of the reunion show which aired on Tuesday . Kim voluntarily entered rehab for alcohol addiction in December 2011 for the third time for and has been trying to stay sober ever since . In January 2012 , Kim told Bravo 's Andy Cohen in her first TV interview since her rehab stay : ` I 'm an alcoholic . I had so much guilt and shame for my behavior ... then I drank to cover the guilt and shame to make it go away . ' In a separate sit down interview , Kim said , ` I 'm getting reconnected with my kids , and that 's been a huge thing for me . It 's not what I expected when I came home . I was like , `` Hey ! I 'm home ! Let 's all get back exactly where we were ! '' And they were like , `` Ummm , life is a little different now . '' So it was like a little bit of a challenge when I got home , which I did n't expect . ' She has four adult children , daughters Brooke Brinson , Whitney Davis and Kimberly Jackson , plus one son , Chad Davis . Her brood : Kim has four adult children , daughters Brooke Brinson , Whitney Davis and Kimberly Jackson and son Chad Davis . Famous : Here , Kim was in Different Strokes . Kim has now become most notable for her work on Bravo 's Real Housewives franchise but her acting career began when she was six-years-old . The former child actor starred in numerous seventies TV programs including Nanny And The Professor and Little House On The Prairie . She also has a long resume of Disney films such as Escape to Witch Mountain , No Deposit , No Return and Return from Witch Mountain . Before there was such a thing as a Disney Channel star , Kim landed several gigs on the kid-friendly network with multiple television movies in her long list of Disney credits . Her most recent TV role was a guest appearance on ABC 's Revenge . Dailymail.com 's messages to Kim 's representatives were not immediately returned . Kim 's career began when she was six . Left , in Nanny and the Professor and right in Hello Larry . Child star : Kim starred in numerous Disney films such as Escape to Witch Mountain , pictured here . Disney star : Kim 's acting career began when she was six-years-young , having starred in a long list of Disney TV films .