Arrested : Ashley Doody was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife . A 30-year-old mother-of-two allegedly high on bath salts stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons , according to police in Maine . Aroostook County Sheriff 's Office responded to a home in Perham on Sunday and found Ashley Doody acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior . They discovered that Doody , who is a nurse , had attacked her mixed-breed dog , Trixie . The sheriff says the dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive - while Doody is in jail on $ 1,000 bail . She has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19 . According to deputies , when they arrived at the home , Doody was threatening to harm herself with the knife . They discovered that she had stabbed Trixie believing the dog was ` demon possessed . ' Police have said that they believe Doody had taken bath salts which can cause severe agitation , paranoia , hallucinations and suicidal behavior in users . State animal welfare agents have been notified of the attack and already Doody has been banned from any access to pets in the future . According to her Facebook page , Doody is engaged to be married to Mark Sawyer and has been since May 2008 . Seriously injured : Trixie -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a mixed-breed family dog and was knifed by Doody while she was allegedly high on bath salts on Sunday . Cruelty : According to deputies who arrested Doody she will not be allowed to own a pet after her actions . She claims to work as a nurse at Full Circle Health Care LLC and is a mother to two children . Since the beginning of the month , Doody has been posting self-help and life-affirming messages to her Facebook page such as ` Until you 've lived my life , walked my path , suffered my pain and seen what I 've seen , I could care less about your judgements . '