An adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named Simon Cowell . The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell , who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead , Surrey , travelling to the cub 's location in his car . He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free . The young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free . Upon arrival , Mr Cowell gloves up and immediately begins tending to the fox . The cub is clearly distressed however and spits at the wildlife expert 's incoming hand before making a lunge at it with its mouth open . Remaining calm , Mr Cowell distracts the fox with a stick -- taking its attention away from his hand -- as he goes to pick it up . The cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife expert 's incoming hand before lunging at him with its mouth open . Mr Cowell remains calm and manages to distract the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free . Despite the cub continuing to back away from the help , Mr Cowell manages to get hold of it and carefully lifts it out of the fence . He holds it by the scruff of its neck and says : ` -LSB- If -RSB- you grab them like that they think they 're in the mother 's mouth and they go reasonably passive . ' He then begins accessing the cub and notes that it is quite young without any signs of damage -- therefore ready for immediate release . After this , Mr Cowell decides on where he came from and where would be the best place in which to set him free . The wildlife expert holds the cub by the scruff of its neck and explains that it is the way their mother holds them . Mr Cowell accesses the cub and notes that it is quite young and without any visible signs of damage caused by getting stuck . Choosing an appropriate location , the wildlife expert sends the fox on its way and tells it to go back to its mother . The cub then heads back home -- clumsily staggering over the branches and twigs around it while it wags its tail in obvious delight . The video concludes with Mr Cowell placing two slabs against the fence so as to ensure the fox -- or any other fox for that matter -- has no chance of getting injured in the future . The fox is released and staggers off home over branches and twigs while wagging its tail in delight . Mr Cowell places two slabs against the fence so as to ensure the fox has no chance of getting injured in the future .