A father and son were shot dead in an execution-style murder moments after party guests left their home in a quiet neighborhood . Nicholas Pence , 25 , and his father David , an oil company manager , had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Wednesday . But moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers shortly before midnight , they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of Metairie . They were found by David 's wife , Nicholas 's mother , who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots . Scroll down for video . Shocking : Nicholas Pence , 25 , -LRB- left -RRB- and his father David , 56 , -LRB- right -RRB- were shot dead ` execution-style ' at home on Wednesday night after a football party in their garage , or ` man cave ' . Police believe it was a botched burglary . Tragic : They were found lifeless by Elizabeth Pence -LRB- center -RRB- , mother to Nicholas -LRB- second left -RRB- and wife to David -LRB- right -RRB- moments after the shooting , which has left the quiet neighborhood of Metairie in mourning and shock . Charged : Police arrested Dexter Allen , 17 , -LRB- left -RRB- , and Haraqyon Degruy , 18 , -LRB- right -RRB- in connection with the killings . On Sunday , police revealed 18-year-old Haraqyon Degruy and her friend Dexter Allen , 17 , have been charged with the double killing . Neither have a ` significant ' criminal history , officers revealed . The police investigation has failed to determine at link between the alleged assailants and their victims , or a motive . David Pence , a manager at a New Orleans branch of the international oil firm Baker Hughes Inc , was shot three times in the chest while sat in an armchair . Nicholas was shot in the face and back . He was found lying on the floor of their so-called ` man cave ' . Elizabeth Pence dialed 911 to report the shooting , and the theft of her purse , iPod and iPhone . Friends of Nicholas , known to friends as Nick or ` Peezy ' , have set up a fundraising page to supplement funeral costs and support his surviving mother and sister . The family lived on Clifford Drive , a leafy part of Metairie , which is one of New Orleans ' wealthier areas . Initial reports suggest it could have been a botched armed burglary , as Allen and Degruy were linked to earlier car break-ins . Addressing a press conference on Sunday , Jefferson Parish Sheriff Newell Normand said : ` Once again , this particular happenstance was completely , totally , shock-the-conscience type of homicide -- obviously execution-style , very close . ' Members of the community have expressed their horror , describing Nicholas and David as outgoing and lively neighbors . ` They were very good people . They got along with everybody . ' close family friend Paul Meyer told WWL TV . ` I ca n't comprehend how someone could do this to a family like that . ' Another friend said he was in the garage with Nicholas just minutes before the murder . Police believe 17-year-old Allen fired the fatal shots before running to the car and saying ` I just shot two people ' to Degruy , who allegedly drove off , the New Orleans Advocate reported . Degruy has been charged with two counts of being an accessory to first-degree murder and one count of vehicle burglary . Allen is being held on charges of fleeing police and two counts of first-degree murder . Weapon : Col John Fortunato of the Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office holds the heavy-duty gun which authorities believe was used to kill David , an oil company manager , and his son Nicholas after their party this week . A police report says the younger Pence had pointed out a suspicious white Toyota crawling through the street . Neighbor and friend Michael Soignet has described the agonizing moment Mrs Pence returned to the address , saying : ` She just gave me a strapping hug , and I choked up . She choked up . There were just no words . ' Describing the victims to The New Orleans Advocate , she said : ` You 'll never find anybody that 's going to throw out a bad word on them , and if somebody does , they do n't have their story right . ` This had to be a random act . It had to be . '