Chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday but Eden Hazard starred for Jose Mourinho 's team . He slotted Chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time . Stoke continued to make things difficult for Chelsea until an Asmir Begovic error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner . Here , Sportsmail 's Kieran Gill gives his player ratings . CHELSEA -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- . Thibaut Courtois -- 5.5 . Never called into action in the opening 43 minutes but beaten by Adam with an incredible strike from inside Stoke 's half . Too far off his line and one of the world 's best goalkeepers was left embarrassed . Thibaut Courtois was on the winning team but will want to forget Charlie Adam beating him from his own half . Gary Cahill -LRB- left -RRB- and John Terry leap up to block an attempt at goal from Stoke 's Philipp Wollscheid . Branislav Ivanovic -- 6.5 . Tidied up well on the rare occasion Stoke threatened . Played with more freedom once Chelsea had the lead and tried to help in attack down the wing . Gary Cahill -- 6 .5 . Looked cool when called into action and was able to clear the danger as Stoke tried to cross their way into the lead in the second half . John Terry -- 7 . Manned the back well and it took a goal-of-the-season contender for his team to concede against a Stoke side that ran out of ideas at times . Always the man that remained at the back to kill off any threat . Cesar Azpilicueta -- 6.5 . Tried to get forward and help Hazard down the left . Closed down well and put in a tireless performance . Nemanja Matic -- 6 . A few too many misplaced passes and a hurried clearance almost spelled danger for Chelsea . Cleaned up well when needed to win back possession , however . Cesc Fabregas -- 7 . Won the penalty with a clever cut back that fooled Wollscheid . Kept the midfield ticking over well . Brazil international Willian -LRB- left -RRB- also produced an impressive display for Chelsea in the win over Stoke . Eden Hazard put Chelsea into the lead with from the penalty spot in the first half . Diego Costa 's -LRB- right -RRB- game was curtailed 10 minutes after coming on with what looked like a hamstring injury . Willian -- 7.5 . A handful for Stoke as he , Oscar and Hazard linked up well to create chances in the first half , though they were never taken . Never short of a run . Oscar -- 6.5 . Scuppered one of Chelsea 's best chances to take the lead by placing his shot wide of the far post , and was ultimately -- and unfortunately -- sacrificed for Costa at half time . Eden Hazard -- 8.5 . A live wire . Master of the one-two and creating chances . Ultimately kept his cool from the spot to give Chelsea a much-needed lead before Adam 's equaliser . Did n't look tired , despite his weariness during international break . Assisted the winning goal . Loic Remy - 7.5 . Looked a worthy replacement for Costa as he twice went close to giving Chelsea the lead in the opening seven minutes . Scored in the second half when Mourinho really needed it , and it was deserved . Loic Remy -LRB- left -RRB- slots in Chelsea 's winner against Stoke in the second half at Stamford Bridge . SUBS : . Diego Costa -- 6 . Came on but could do no damage as he was forced off with what looked like another hamstring injury . Immediately called to the bench for him to come off after 10 minutes on the field . Didier Drogba -- 6 . Replaced Costa after the striker went off with an injury . Had little to do but hold up the ball . Juan Cuadrado -- 6 . Little to do but helped Chelsea get over the line . MANAGER : Jose Mourinho -- 6.5 . A frustrating afternoon for Mourinho , who was active on the touchline throughout , looking unhappy and muttering to himself . Either way , it worked , and his team added three points to their title charge . Jose Mourinho was active throughout the game on the touchline as Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 . STOKE CITY -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- . Asmir Begovic -- 6.5 . Outstanding one-handed save at full stretch to deny Remy 's deflected shot after less than three minutes . Ultimately took a penalty for Begovic to concede the first . He 'd done his homework , going the same way Hazard normally does , but beaten at the other side . His throw was intercepted by Willian which led to Chelsea 's winner , though . Geoff Cameron -- 5.5 . Given the unwanted task of stopping Hazard on his runs down the left wing on occasion . Ryan Shawcross -- 6 . Stayed physical throughout , as per . Captained his team well on a ground that has been unkind to them previously , but ultimately could not help them steal a point . Philipp Wollscheid -- 5.5 . Took the bait from Fabregas by sweeping the Spaniard 's feet to give Chelsea a penalty and ultimately the lead . Ryan Shawcross -LRB- right -RRB- led Stoke well but could not help his side take a point at Stamford Bridge . Wollscheid -LRB- right -RRB- slides in on Cesc Fabregas to concede a penalty in the first half , from which Hazard scored . Marc Wilson -- 5.5 . A little unsure at times , largely down to a lack of communication between him and his team-mates . Stephen Ireland -- 6 . Strong in midfield but found it difficult to get involved as that area was dominated by the men in blue . Glenn Whelan -- 5.5 . Rightly booked for a late challenge on Fabregas but did not see much of the ball as Chelsea dominated midfield . Steven Nzonzi -- 6 . Close with a controlled shot after a poor clearance by Matic and again in the second half as he grazed the far post with a bouncing effort across goal . Could not take the few chances that fell his way . Steven Nzonzi -LRB- centre -RRB- went close to scoring for Stoke but ultimately did not impose himself on the game . Charlie Adam -LRB- second left -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike levelled the scores . Charlie Adam -- 6.5 . Take a bow , Charlie Adam . Incredible goal as he channelled his inner David Beckham and , noticing Courtois off his line , scored from in his own half . A little anonymous until that moment , but his faults were obliterated with that 66-yard strike . Jonathan Walters -- 5.5 . Little joy as Stoke rarely threatened up top but tried to keep them in with a shot and held the ball well on occasion . Closely marked by Terry throughout . Mame Biram Diouf -- 5.5 . Failed to make an impact and was substituted after 62 minutes for Arnautovic . Jonathan Walters -LRB- left -RRB- had little joy for Stoke against Chelsea on Saturday , despite his hard work . Mame Biram Diouf -LRB- left -RRB- floundered against Chelsea 's stern defence at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . SUBS : . Arnautovic -- 6 . Too little too late to have an influence . MANAGER : Mark Hughes 5.5 . His team were constantly on the backfoot . REFEREE : Jonathan Moss 6 . Correct decision with the penalty . Not many controversial decisions to make aside from that , but had to be strict with bookings .