Wellness warrior Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday in a tell-all interview that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis . The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances , telling the Australian Women 's Weekly , ` none of it 's true ' . In the interview , Gibson asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only ` human ' . Leading psychologist Jo Lamble told Daily Mail Australia that this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders . Scroll down for video . Life-long struggle with the truth : Belle Gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer was a lie in an interview with the Australian Women 's Weekly . Lamble has not treated Gibson personally but said , in her professional opinion , she believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . Lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti-social personalities , Lamble says . ` A lack of remorse definitely fits in . It 's like - you do what you need to do to get what you want , ' she said . ` So if they need money they will commit fraudulent acts and steal , for example . ' While other experts suggested to AWW that she could be suffering Munchhausen Syndrome , Lamble believes this is n't likely to be the case for Gibson . Changing times : ` In the past , a need for that love and attention may have been in less dangerous ways ... but now technology has allowed it to get completely out of hand , ' says Lamble . ` With Munchhausen , they normally do n't just lie , they go much further to be sick . ` While they definitely fake illness , they also self-harm and do n't normally do it for money purposes , they do it for attention , ' she said . ` For example , they will go to lots of different doctors and shop around until someone believes their symptoms . They also might drink poison or swallow things or stab themselves , then ask , `` what 's wrong with me ? '' ` So I think in this particular case , she 's made up a story for fame , fortune , signing book deals - which suggests more narcissism and anti-socialism , ' added Lamble . Another common trait shared by narcissists is that sufferers are often very charismatic . ` A lack or remorse definitely fits in ... you do want you need to do to get what you want ' : Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says that Gibson 's actions point to both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . ` Narcissistic people will lie and build themselves up to be an amazing person full of grandiosity , wanting fame and fortune . They love to believe they are special and need all this admiration and attention , ' the psychologist said . Lamble says this can often be a sign of neglect . This fits with Gibson 's account of a troubled childhood - she was quoted in the Women 's Weekly saying she had to bring herself up - doing the dishes and cooking her own food from a very young age , for example . According to Lamble , the common signs of someone showing an anti-social personality disorder are ... 1 . They deceive and lie . 2 . They lack remorse . 3 . They can be impulsive and irresponsible . 4 . They do n't respect the law . 5 . They do n't mind if they hurt family and friends , anyone is open to being deceived . 6 . They are very charming and charismatic . 7 . They have a certain attractiveness and draw people in . 8 . They show a real interest in people . 9 . Passionate about things . ` Neglect can lead someone to develop really unhealthy strategies to seek the love and attention they missed out on , ' says Lamble . ` In the past , a need for love and attention may have emerged in less dangerous ways - a lie here , a lie there - but now technology has allowed it to get completely out of hand . ` Social media has become the perfect way to gain that , we know anyone is thrilled when they get new followers - let alone hero worship , worldwide fans and book deals , ' she said . ` I worry about future generations with things like Instagram , Twitter , Facebook and people constantly needing excessive praise . ' Lamble says our social media culture is fuelling unhealthy expectations for young girls but also a way of accessing information that could be misleading . ` Everyone laughs about Dr Google and how if you have some condition you should see an expert but that goes for all these self styled gurus in anything . ` We might want to buy into a story , it 's very appealing for people to love somebody who can turn something around and survive and particularly so if they are very marketable but any idolisation of someone is n't healthy . ` With massive followings and a glamorous story , young minds will follow that and believe it . Our poor doctors must have people coming in every day and people saying this is what I 'm doing and why . Let 's look at the science , ' she said . ` They love to believe they are special ' : ` Narcissistic people will lie and build themselves up to be an amazing person full of grandiosity , wanting fame and fortune , says psychologist Jo Lamble -LRB- pictured left -RRB- . She believes Belle Gibson -LRB- pictured right -RRB- may suffer from a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . Lamble also believes that Gibson could struggle to change without help . ` She might change her name and come up with some other scheme unless she shows genuine remorse , seeks help , and develops some insight . With what she is displaying , the prognosis is quite poor . ' According to the interview , Gibson 's new management will be organising for a psychologist to see her .