The police officer accused of murdering Walter Scott will be banned from seeing his first-born child for several months , it was revealed today . Patrol officer Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks . He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month 's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family . They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail . But the baby will not be able to enter the South Carolina prison . Before the fall : Patrolman Michael Slager , 33 , with his wife Jamie before his arrest . Slager was charged with murder after shooting Walter Scott , 50 , after stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston , South Carolina . Visit : Michael Slager received a visit at Charleston County Jail last Friday from his pregnant wife and mom . It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so Slager will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden . He will be informed by a telephone call and have to wait to see photographs , which will be examined by officials before being presented to him . When Jamie attended the jail on Friday , she was made to turn through the prison 's reception area and take a seat next to a video screen for a talk with him which lasted around two hours . The booths are protected by screens to prevent onlookers from seeing inmates , but appointments have to made in advance . Relatives of other prisoners queued to use the video booths after registering with prison officials behind thick glass security screens as Jamie and her accused husband talked with the aid of headphones . But their first child together will not be allowed to visit him in prison until jail chiefs decide that the baby 's health would not be at risk from being there . Although there is no specific age limit , prison policy is not to allow babies in . No date has yet been set for his first court appearance and his full trial date could more than a year away . Major Eric Watson of the Charleston County Sheriff 's Office told Daily Mail Online : ` He is treated just like any other prisoner , except for being in protective custody . ` His baby wo n't be coming to the prison and he will not be allowed to see the child . It could be several months before he does . ` His attorney can apply for the baby to be brought to the jail if he wants . ' Walter Scott was stopped for allegedly having a faulty center stop light at the bottom of his rear windscreen . Family tell says the light was an accessory and both mandatory stop lamps were functioning . Slager , 33 , already has two step children from his wife 's previous marriage , but the new baby will be the first for him and Jamie . Major Watson said Slager had no access to the internet and was under close scrutiny to deter any threat from angry prisoners over the shooting of Walter , who was gunned down by the officer after being stopped for an apparent faulty tail light on his Mercedes . Walter 's supporters and family say he was stopped for allegedly having a faulty center stop light at the bottom of his rear windscreen and this was wrong because the light was an accessory and both his obligatory stop lamps were functioning . Major Watson said Slager was being offered three meals a day and recreation time , but was isolated from other inmates . Housed in a room with one small window , he has no interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . One released prisoner said outside the gates : ` Man , it ai n't no holiday being in there . He has to watch his back more than most because of what he did . There 's a lot of angry men in there , black and white . ' Walter 's brother Anthony said police faced ` many questions ' about traffic stops based on racial profiling and that his brother 's death should serve as a catalyst for a change in police policies . Meanwhile , the man who was in the car when Walter Scott was flagged down by police before being gunned down was identified today as drifter Pierre Fulton . No date has yet been set for Slager 's first court appearance and his full trial date could more than a year away . The mystery man who was in the car when Walter Scott was flagged down by police before being gunned down was identified today as drifter Pierre Fulton . The 30-year-old was detained by police as Walter fled his Mercedes Benz before dying in a hail of bullets and later released . Pierre 's family said they had no idea why he was in the car and how he came to be friends with the shooting victim . His grand mother Eunice Fulton , 70 , said : ` I spoke with my daughter Franetta on Thursday and Pierre had only just told her he was in the car . ` It was a terrible incident but we have n't had the chance to speak to him about it . He used to live with me until a couple of years ago . But I do n't where he hangs out now . He moves around . ' Pierre , who was known to police , had stayed in the background since Walter was shot by officer Michael Slager and at the weekend rejected media requests for interviews . He has given a full statement to investigators , but police refused to reveal his name and what he has told them . He had requested privacy . Pierre was caught on the policeman 's dash cam after Walter had fled and been shot . But police released him without charge and he was not suspected of any crime . He has convictions for unlawfully carrying a pistol and served 174 days in prison in 2005 and has been arrested several times . His grandmother added : ` He is a good grandson . He cares for his family . But I do n't know what he is doing now . ' Pierre has worked as a cleaner , laundry man and warehouseman over the years , but some members of his family have lost touch with him . Rosanne Grant of Alternative Staffing employment agency told Daily Mail Online : ' He worked at various jobs over the period of a year through me . The last time I hear about him was in 2006 and nothing since . I do n't know what he has been working at . '