Police have discovered a body they believe to be a young Indiana woman who was reported missing with her newborn daughter weeks ago in a city 180 miles away from their home . Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5 , when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana 's Department of Child Services , according to police . The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives . Police have discovered a body they believe to be Indiana woman Samantha Fleming -LRB- left -RRB- , who was reported missing with her newborn daughter Serenity -LRB- right -RRB- weeks ago in a city 180 miles away . In the same home , police found a body doused with bleach , wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin , according to Lt. Thomas Pawlak . Police were led to Gary after Fleming 's cell phone signal was picked up in the city , where the young mother 's wallet was also found . Fleming was reported missing by her boyfriend . According to police , Fleming left the home they shared with her daughter Serenity after the woman who claimed to be from Child Protective Services told the new mother she had to appear at a hearing . Police said the woman told Fleming the hearing was at Lake Superior Court in Hammond , which is 13 miles from the home where the body was discovered . The infant was handed over to police by a woman who is believed to be the alleged kidnapper 's sister , according to the Chicago Tribune . Police have not released the name of the woman . Pawlak said the woman had arrived at the house of the alleged kidnapper , who was not there , to pick up items for the baby . The house had a nursery . ` It appears that she had been planning this , ' Pawlak said . ` There was everything you would buy for a new baby . A crib , changing table , diaper bag , carrier , new clothes . ' According to police , the alleged kidnapper had asked her sister to care for the baby she was passing off as her own . That is the same story one neighbor of the woman said she was also told . The body was found on Friday in the 1900 block of Cleveland Street in Gary , Indiana . Police found a nursery inside the home and a neighbor said the owner of the house had said she was pregnant with twins . The neighbor told Chicago Tribune she was friends with the alleged kidnapper , who had told her she was pregnant with twins . The 36-year-old woman then told her neighbor around Easter that one of the twins had died after she had given birth , and that the other child was in the hospital with jaundice . When the neighbor eventually saw the woman with the child , she said she found the baby to be ` lighter-skinned ' than she expected . The woman also had a bandage on her hand . The alleged kidnapper asked her neighbor to watch her house because she was going out of town . Just days before the woman left , the neighbor said she saw her going back and forth from her house to garage and carrying small plastic grocery bags . The neighbor said she and her friend had been texting regularly since the woman left . But when she texted the alleged kidnapper after she saw police enter her home on Friday , the messages stopped . The alleged kidnapper was located at a hospital in Texas . Police said she is a person of interest but has not yet been arrested . Pawlak believes the alleged kidnapper was very familiar with Fleming . ` She knew a lot about this mother , ' he said . ` Enough to convince her she was with CPS . '