An 11-year-old hearing-impaired boy from Oklahoma has his younger sister to thank for saving his life after a pack of vicious rottweilers mauled him over the weekend . Elijah McKenna suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor 's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother 's home in Moore , Oklahoma , Saturday . But the child 's family say if it were not for Elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , Alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead . WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT . Scroll down for video . Heroic : Alyssa McKenna , 9 -LRB- right -RRB- , saved her 11-year-old brother , Elijah -LRB- left -RRB- from a pack of vicious dogs . Horrific injuries : The child , who is hearing-impaired , suffered deep cuts to his head -LRB- left -RRB- that required 40 staples -LRB- left -RRB- and injuries to his face -LRB- left -RRB- . Mauled : The young boy was left with numerous deep bite marks all over his body . Vicious : This is one off the rottweilers believed to have attacked Elijah McKenna Saturday . As of Monday , they were still seen in a neighbor 's yard . Alyssa says she went outside to check on her sibling , who is deaf , when she heard his screams and spotted a trio of large rottweilers biting the child in the brush by a dirt road . Setting aside concerns for her own safety , Alyssa ran over and scared off the hounds so she could tend to Elijah . The wounded boy could stand up or walk on his own , so his little sister picked him up and carried him home . ` I was terrified , but I saved his life , ' Alyssa told News Channel 4 . When Elijah was brought to a nearby hospital for treatment , he immediately went into surgery . The injured child , who turned 11 Tuesday , was later released home with 40 staples on his head . He is now learning to walk again . Justice : Rhianna Bravenec -LRB- right -RRB- , Alyssa and Elijah 's mother , said she wants all three dogs euthanized . Strong : The 9-year-old girl picked up her big brother and carried him home because he was unable to walk on his own after the attack . In recovery : Elijah , who celebrated his 11th birthday Tuesday , is now learning how to walk again . On Monday , the animals that attacked Elijah were still seen roaming around the neighbor 's yard . Dog owner Martin Tidwell said that what happened to the 9-year-old was terrible . Rhianna Bravenec , Alyssa and Elijah 's mother , said she wants all three dogs euthanized . The woman has another young daughter and a fourth child on the way . Tidwell said he has to wait until the end of a mandatory 10-day quarantine to put his pets down . Under state law , Tidwell is not required to euthanize his animals , but the man said he feels morally obligated to do so . Elijah 's family have set up a GoFundMe account hoping to raise $ 5,000 to help with his mounting medical bills .