TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe after boasting of reaching speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone while reviewing the new Aston Martin . The 33-year-old , who presents Speed with Guy Martin on Channel 4 , wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar , which costs £ 203,000 , after test driving it on the Isle of Man 's TT course . He wrote of how he pressed the accelerator ` flat to the floor ' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby , which is part of the TT race and has a speed limit of 40mph . TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin , who is facing a police probe after boasting he drove an Aston Martin at 180mph in a 40mph zone during a review . In the review published in the Sunday Times Driving magazine , he wrote : ` I saw 180mph down Sulby Straight , one of the fastest sections of the course , and the car was n't even in top gear . ' He also added of how he roared around the course at 6 am in the morning and that he probably completed the course only two minutes shy of the record for a car , which is 19 minutes and 26 seconds . Mr Martin also wrote : ` As soon as I passed Union Mills , on to a section with no speed limit , I thought : `` Right , let 's have it . '' ` I was revving with excitement . I had n't been trying to set a time ; I just wanted to see what the car would do an a road I knew well and it was something like a 22-minute lap . ' Mr Martin was driving an Aston Martin Vanquish , similar to the one pictured , when he claimed he reached the top speed . However , after the review was published earlier this month , police on the Isle of Man have confirmed they are looking into the incident which saw the racing driver allegedly going four times the speed limit . Inspector Derek Flint confirmed : ` We are making some inquiries . ' The annual Isle of Man TT race sees motorcyclists descend on the island for one of the most eagerly anticipated events in the racing calendar . The race takes place on public roads , which are closed off for the duration of the event . In the review , published in a motoring magazine , he said he reached 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby on the Isle of Man , pictured . Mr Martin has competed in the TT race on several ocassions , with a personal best of finishing second in the 2014 Superbike race . He has also fronted a number of Channel 4 shows including Guy Martin 's Passion for Life and Our Guy in India . Recently he has been tipped to become a presenter on the BBC 's Top Gear , following the sacking of Jeremy Clarkson for punching a producer .