As a society we believe that our political allegiance depends on which party best marries up with our needs and values , and that these are shaped by our life experiences . But research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties . To put this to the test , the Department of Twin Research , which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the UK , recently performed a poll of voting preferences . Deciding who you will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate -LRB- above -RRB- finds study which looked at the voting habits of twins born in the UK . The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences . The twins were all born in the UK and were broadly representative of the UK population . The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people 's voting habits . Twins provide a unique natural experiment for research . Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent . Both identical and non-identical twins normally share the same environment while growing up . Twin studies are useful for exploring whether a trait is forged in the genes , passed down or by the environment a person is living in . As identical twins share exactly the same DNA , traits produced by genes should appear in both twins . However in non-identical twins the DNA will not be the same and so differences can occur . In most cases twins should have shared the same environment when growing up too . So by comparing the differences and similarities between identical and non-identical twins it may be possible to unravel whether a trait is environmental or cultural . However , as twins grow up they can be influenced by different groups of friends , cultural experiences and points of view . This can make it difficult to unpick the influence of environment over genetics . In the case of political views , these can also run strongly in families as they tend to share the same socioeconomic background and parents can often impress their political support upon their children . However , the study of twins found identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-identical twins . Assuming they had similar upbringings and experiences through adulthood , this would suggest there is an underlying genetic influence for political alignment . By comparing the differences and similarities between them the researchers said they can identify how much of a quirk , disease , or trait is due to a genetic predisposition or environmental and cultural factors . Because twin studies adjust for culture and upbringing , they are an ideal way to study political allegiances . The researchers analysed surveys completed by 2,355 twins -LRB- comprising responses from 612 full pairs -RRB- in March 2015 between the ages of 18 and 80 - most of whom were middle aged . They told the researchers whether they intended to vote , what their political party of choice was , and provided their personal rating of the main party leaders . They found that voting Conservative , or not , is strongly influenced by genetics . When it came to voting Tory , they found that 57 per cent of the variability - differences or similarity - between people 's voting preferences were due to genetic effects . This percentage is called heritability . That means the identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-identical twins - suggesting an underlying genetic influence was stronger than environmental or random factors . For UKIP voting preferences , there was also a moderately strong heritability of 51 per cent . This was closely followed by Labour and the Green Party both with 48 per cent . The exception seemed to be voting for the Liberal Democrats , which was affected entirely by environment with no genetic influence . Identical twins showed exactly the same level of disparity in preference for the Lib Dems as non-identical twins . Geography also played a possible role - as voting for the SNP in Scotland was also completely environmental . These latest results from UK data confirm the trends found in previous research carried out in the US . The researchers analysed surveys completed by 2,355 twins in March 2015 between the ages of 18 and 80 - most of whom were middle aged . They told the researchers whether they intended to vote , what their political party of choice was , and provided their personal rating of the main party leaders . Voting for the Conservative Party , led by David Cameron , pictured above after voting at the last General Election with his wife Samantha , tended to have the strongest heritability according to a study of UK twins . A 2008 survey of 682 pairs of middle-aged twins from the Minnesota Twin Registry showed that self-reported political ideology and right-wing authoritarianism were consistently more similar in the identical twins than fraternal twins . Previous studies have also shown strong genetic influences on right-wing views , be they for or against . ` We and others have demonstrated consistent genetic influences on all measurable aspects of our personalities , ' said the researchers . ` The consensus is that these political leanings are mainly due to the genetic makeup of our underlying personalities . ' ` Despite this , our survey shows that whether we intend to vote or not does not seem to be influenced by genes and personality . That decision appears to be entirely shaped by environmental factors . ' The popularity of Nick Clegg -LRB- above -RRB- , leader of the Liberal Democrats seemed to be heritable , although voting for this party was not heritability and appeared to be influenced by the environment alone , the study showed . The question of whether a leader would make a good prime minister produced mixed responses . David Cameron had the stronger genetic influence on opinions , with 50 per cent heritability , followed by Nick Clegg at 37 per cent . Views on all the other party leaders were purely environmental . Psychology studies have shown our sub-conscious biases for leaders who are tall and with round symmetrical faces so maybe this also plays a role in our choices . But even if we do see party leaders differently , the findings of this study suggest that our choices at the polling booth may not be as free or rational as we would like to believe . Something to think about when you approach the ballot box . Professor Tim Spector is the Professor of Genetic Epidemiology at King 's College London . Victoria Vazquez also contributed to this article .