Three friends got the fright of their life when they were confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip . Steven Sloan , joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island , Washington . Filming from the boat , Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar -- two of them can be seen jumping from the water . At a safe distance : The group cheer in excitment as Steven captures two orcas swimming and jumping from the water . The group on the boat cheer and yell in excitement at what they are witnessing as the whales appear to start moving closer to the boat . According to Steven , the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them , as its distinctive sound disturbed the whales . Commenting on their approach , one of the group can be heard saying : ` They 're probably coming to check us out . ' The group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the orcas . One of the group states that the orca is probably coming to check them out before it emerges from the water and gives them all a fright . Before later adding : ` That is like 50 yards from us , ' as the marine mammals continue to head in the direction of their boat . After suggesting that it might be a good idea to start rowing away , one of the group begins panicking and shouts : ` Guys we need to get out of here , it 's coming right at us . ' He then states : ` We need to sit down in the boat . We need to get out of here . It is probably under us . This is really dangerous , I 'm scared . ' ` We need to get out of here ' : The group panic as a killer whales approach their aluminium boat . The killer whales are videoed circling and swimming dangerously close to the tiny boat . Suddenly an orca emerges from the water right beside the boat and the panicked member of the group screams in shock . Meanwhile the killer whales begin circling and swimming dangerously close to and underneath the tiny boat . Slightly less shocked now that the whale has made a relatively tame introduction , the group laugh nervously and begin heading back to shore . The group jokingly plead with the killer whales as the marine mammals continue to swim around the boat . The video maker captures a killer whale swimming underneath the aluminium boat in Washington . On the way back they jokingly plead with the orcas , and one of them says : ` Please do n't attack us . ' Referring to the incident on the original upload of the video , Steven wrote : ` Feel free to laugh at how I respond to a scary situation like this and enjoy the beautiful orcas at the beautiful Anderson Island . '