The lingerie model whose sexy pregnancy selfies turned her into an overnight internet sensation has already snapped the first photo of her trimmed and toned post-baby physique in ` granny panties ' - just four days after giving birth to her son . Sarah Stage , a 30-year-old from Los Angeles , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs , with some critics claiming that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child . But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday . And only days after welcoming her son into the world , Sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot , which she shared on Sunday with her 1.6 million Instagram followers . Scroll down for video . Proud mama : Underwear model and animal rights activist Sarah Stage shared this picture of her post-baby body on her Instagram account on Sunday - just four days after giving birth to her son James Hunter . Ready to go : The 30-year-old revealed that she gained 28 lbs during her pregnancy , before noting that she was looking forward to getting back to the gym . ' -LSB- Four -RSB- days post baby . Total pregnancy weight gain was 28 pounds . I 'm excited to resume my workouts in -LSB- five -RSB- weeks ! #JamesHunter #HealthyBaby #GrannyPanties , ' captioned the picture , highlighting her weight gain , which fell within the 25 to 35 lbs range that doctors doctors recommend for average-weight women . The image has earned more than 40,000 likes since it was posted , with many commenting on her post-baby body and her healthy son . ` Proud of you hot momma . You put the critics to rest . You look fabulous and have a handsome baby , ' one person wrote , while another added : ` Holy moly ! What a legend ! The baby 's weight puts all the critics to rest . ' Over the weekend , Sarah also posted a heartwarming photo of herself wearing a long-sleeve floral romper as she cradled her newborn in his nursery , writing : ` So happy #JamesHunter . ' Look of love : Sarah gazed adoringly at her newborn son in this photo she posted on Saturday . So precious : Sarah shared this adorable picture of her newborn baby , James Hunter , on Instagram . Meanwhile , the first pictures of her baby boy were released last week . Sarah shared the adorable snapshots on her Instagram page . One , which shows a close-up of her son 's face , said : ` Love at first sight #jameshunter . ' The first ever picture of James featured the newborn in an adorable fox outfit . Sarah commented on the photo : ` James Hunter -LRB- 4/14/15 -RRB- 8.7 lbs/22 inches of HEALTHY baby ! ` Thank you for the positive support throughout my journey ... It 's just beginning !!! #JamesHunter #Healthy ' During her pregnancy many people commented that they felt Sarah 's unusually trim figure could be damaging to her unborn child , but it seems their fears were unfounded . Baby bump : Sarah took her last pregnancy selfie -LRB- pictured -RRB- at 39 weeks on April 13 , writing : ` Still waiting ' . The 30-year-old gave birth James the next day . Baby boy : Sarah posted this precious picture of James to her Instagram on Friday commenting that it was ` love at first sight ' Sarah confirmed to E! that she welcomed her son last Tuesday , revealing that her baby boy was 22 inches long at the time of his birth , adding : ` He 's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine . ' An APGAR score , which stands for Appearance , Pulse , Grimace , Activity , Respiration , is a quick method for assessing the health of a newborn , with scores of seven or above being considered normal . Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . Although the new mother came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against toned figure , their comments never stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her toned abs . Nap time : In this gorgeous snap , James is seen sleeping in a giraffe costume . Last Tuesday Sarah shared a photo of two In-N-Out burgers , writing , ` Cravings , ' although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . The lingerie-clad model snapped her last pregnancy selfie , which she captioned : ` Still waiting # 9 months -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' the day before she welcomed her son into the world . The snapshot of her in a black bra and thong underwear has been liked over 40,000 times since it was posted , and has earned nearly 4,000 comments . And Sarah , who is of European and Costa Rican descent , took to Instagram earlier this month to share a photo of growing belly during the last weeks of her of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet #BabyJames . ' But while a large number of comments made about Sarah 's figure were critical , many women noted that they found Sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . Model off duty : Sarah took plenty of selfies in her underwear throughout her pregnancy ; here she posed at 37 weeks on March 27 . Haters gon na hate : Sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . Toned physique : Sarah snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump at 38 weeks on April 6 - 10 days before she was supposed to give birth to her son . ` I 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . You look absolutely gorgeous @sarahstage #amazing -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' one fan wrote . ` You look absolutely lovely . Hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ` If I ever have children , I 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . I 'm sure James will be amazing ! Congratulations . ' Others compared their figures to Sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ?! Lord Jesus help us all ! I look like this after dinner -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' ` I look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . Meanwhile , some people suggested that her son would be as tiny as she is - although it has since been proved that there was no need to worry . Pregnancy pals : Sarah , then at 36 weeks , and her friend , at 39 weeks , compared their growing bellies for this playful picture on March 22 . Baby style : Sarah shared this cute photo of matching father and son Timberland boots before the birth of her son . ` Baby James will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . When she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the new mother regularly shared pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . Last week , Sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized Timberland boots , writing : ` Daddy & baby shoe game -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' And despite her critics , Sarah refused to hide her then-eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . Flaunt it : Sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she wore in this picture on March 28 . Looking good : Sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ` date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant on March 31 , just two weeks before James was born . She shunned baggy dresses and instead dressed her bump in fitted Lycra or nothing at all . The fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and often captures photos of herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . Clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , Sarah continued to proudly model whilst carrying . Two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ` BTW If you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ` I 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . Ca n't wait to meet James ! #NFG # 37weeks -LSB- sic -RSB- . '