Donning stilettos , lipstick and mascara , the young men take to the streets of one of Washington DC 's most violent neighborhoods . But under their clothing - and in some cases , in their Louis Vuitton bags - they are carrying knives , brass knuckles and pepper spray . Meet some of the more than 200 members of Check It , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America . The teenagers and young adults , who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives , are the subjects of a new independent documentary . The film , also named Check It , explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons . But now , the ` tight-knit ' gang members , who are aged 14 to 22 , are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Documentary star : This is one of more than 200 members of Check It , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America . Impoverished area : The gang members , many of whom have been stabbed and shot at , have faced discrimination throughout their lives . Transformation : They are now the subjects of a new independent film , which tells of how some of them have served time in juvenile prisons . Dressing up : But now , the ` tight-knit ' gang members -LRB- including this member -RRB- , who are aged 14 to 22 , are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . They are working on their own clothing label , putting on fashion shows and working stints as models . Contrast : The documentary describes how the gang members have to deal with violence and fights on a regular basis -LRB- left -RRB- but have now launched their own fashion label -LRB- right : a youth models for the label -RRB- in a bid to escape their ` often brutal ' lives in Trinidad , Washington DC . They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows in the north-east neighborhood , according to the film and an Indiegogo page . And some of them are even working stints as runway models . All the while , they are offering each other unconditional love and support . ` At its heart , the film explores the undying friendship that exists between these kids - an unbreakable bond that is tested every day , ' the page states . However , amid their achievements , the youths often encounter setbacks , with the community they live in ` relentlessly trying to beat them down ' . ` When The Check It are not taking small steps forward on the catwalk , they too often take massive steps backwards , ' the page explains . The documentary follows the members , led by ex-convict Mo , as they get into fights , are ridiculed by passerbys and struggle with their fashion plans . In its trailer , Dana Flor , who co-directed the film with Toby Oppenheimer , says : ` A lot of times just being black , you have a lot of odds against you . ' According to the Washingtonian , she continues : ` Being gay and black ... it 's like a nightmare waiting to happen . ' Close : ` At its heart , the film explores the undying friendship that exists between these kids - an unbreakable bond that is tested every day ' Hard life : Formed in 2005 by a group of ` bullied 9th graders ' , Check It now has more than 200 members , all of whom live a life that is ` brutal ' Transgender : Because the youths - many of whom live transgender lives - are so close , their gang was difficult for filmmakers to infiltrate . Violence to fashion : Gang members are pictured getting into a fight -LRB- left -RRB- , and participating in a fashion show -LRB- right -RRB- in the independent film . Formed in 2005 by a group of ` bullied 9th graders ' , Check It now has more than 200 members , all of whom live a life that is ` brutal ' but also ` full of hope ' . Because the youths - many of whom cross-dress or live transgender lives - are so close , the gang 's structure was difficult for filmmakers to infiltrate . However , over a three-year-period , Ms Flor and Mr Oppenheimer gradually managed to immerse themselves in the members ' lives in Trinidad . ` These kids have been let down by everybody in their life , ' Ms Flor said . ` You have to assert them that you 're for real , that you 're not going to go away . ' He added : ` The documentary will not only go into the challenges members face , but also depict their dream of launching a fashion line . ' Actor Steve Buscemi , of New York-based Olive Productions , is producing the documentary , alongside Ms Flor and Mr Oppenheimer . Let down : ` These kids have been let down by everybody in their life ... You have to assert them that you 're for real , you 're not going to go away ' Raising money : Filmmakers are raising money to help fund the final editing stages of the film -LRB- pictured -RRB- . They have so far raised $ 62,630 . They hope the film will expose the discrimination that the gang faces - and show the ` amazing things ' the youths are capable of . They also hope it will ` encourage a similarly open-minded conversation about HIV , anti-gay discrimination , and poverty both nationally ' and locally . Filmmakers are raising money to help fund the final editing stages of the film . On Saturday , they surpassed their $ 60,000 goal . Ten per cent of the donations will be given to the gang 's fashion label . The fundraiser ends in only 10 hours ; to donate , click here . For more information , visit Check It 's -LRB- film -RRB- website or Facebook page .