It was on New Year 's Day last year that Juan Mata finally cracked after being substituted by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho at Southampton . He had done his utmost not to react and , placid by nature , there was no kicking water bottles , but he was visibly distraught despite the consolatory efforts of Michael Essien behind him . Fast forward 16 months and there was an altogether different kind of substitution in the 81st minute of last Sunday 's Manchester derby . After scoring and inspiring United to 4-2 win , he received a standing ovation and a pat on the back from Ryan Giggs . Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata turns away to celebrate after scoring against Manchester City . Mata had scored United 's third goal during the 4-2 victory over their bitter rivals at Old Trafford last week . Mata looks dejected after being substituted by Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho last year at Stamford Bridge . Although he had been a popular figure at Chelsea , Mata could not convince Mourinho to keep hold of him . Louis van Gaal is finally getting the best out of Juan Mata . In his last five games , the Spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the Premier League : . Mata is performing at the peak of his powers . He is not surprised by the turnaround in his own , and the team 's , fortunes -- he began the season believing United could win the league this year with no European commitments . He told Sportsmail last May : ` If we take Liverpool as the example there you have a team who have fought all the way to the finish without the Champions League . ' He was mocked for the optimism but if United beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge they will be only five points behind the leaders . When David Moyes was manager , he and assistant Phil Neville had scouted Europe for the ` Mata-type player ' they believed the team needed before it became clear United could get the real thing . When Louis van Gaal arrived , Mata took one step forward and two back . The early tinkering often meant he played in his favoured position behind the front two , but the three-man defence experiment undermined everything else the team did and results were poor . He ended up back where he had been at Chelsea under Mourinho -- on the bench . Mata missed the football he had played earlier in his career at Valencia and under Andre Villas-Boas at Chelsea . The free spirit was being shackled and the only consolation was that others felt the same , none more so than Ander Herrera , the player he is closest to at the club . The two had won an Under 21 European Championship together with Spain where they had enjoyed a freedom of expression now denied them . Herrera , like Mata , was out of the side . Mata also missed London . When I interviewed him in 2012 before the Champions League final he insisted on meeting in a Kings Road cafe because it was where he felt most at home . Now he was in a mansion in Alderley Edge , south Manchester . Isolated and not playing . As United 's fortunes changed on the pitch , however , so Mata 's season has been saved . With Michael Carrick now planted in front of a back four , the side has the balance to allow its creative players to thrive . Mata is not in his favoured No 10 position but he is also comfortable on the right . ` I can come inside on my left foot and see the whole of the pitch in front of me , ' he says . Mata enjoys a close friendship with fellow Untied midfielder and Spain international Ander Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- . Mata scores the second of his two goals against Liverpool at Anfield this season , a stunning overhead kick . It is the same left foot Giggs joked about with him when he joined , saying he was glad to see him arrive but unhappy that he no longer possessed the best left peg at Old Trafford . The relationship with Giggs is healthy , as is the one struck up with Wayne Rooney . Both were players Mata admired before moving to England . As well as the bond with Herrera he is close to David de Gea -- all three of them live on the same street . De Gea is another with whom Mata played in that Under 21 European Championship success in Denmark in 2011 . Having been part of the 2010 World Cup-winning squad , Mata 's willingness to step back down to the Under 21s says a lot about his character . The open letter he wrote to Chelsea fans when he left the club -- against advice that it was not the best way to ingratiate himself with his new supporters -- also spoke volumes . A Chelsea fan holds a sign to pay tribute to Mata , who earned himself a hero 's reputation in west London . Mata never wanted to leave London but now he loves the countryside surrounding Manchester . It reminds him of his home in Asturias , and that more than makes up for not being in the capital . Life there was good under Villas-Boas . ` He trusted me to play and he wants to play attractive , fun and winning football , ' he said , revealing a fondness for someone whom Mourinho held in far lower esteem . Mata never banged on the manager 's door when he fell out of favour at Chelsea . Mourinho never struck him as a man whose mind could be changed . He has always preferred to do his talking on the pitch . It has not always been easy but he is back at Chelsea on Saturday and there has never been a better time to make a lasting statement . Mata gets ready to play a pass during a club training session at the Aon Training Complex on Friday .