James Webster , 35 , was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency . A voyeur who used a hidden camera to film up women 's skirts as they bent over freezers in Lidl has been spared jail . James Webster targeted female shoppers at the Lidl store in Maidenhead , Berkshire , as they hunted for bargains in the large chest freezers . The 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper , who spotted him moving the bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim . Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming . He admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned that he could face prison . But Webster walked free from court after magistrates sitting in Slough , Berkshire , ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme , as part of a three year community order . Opening the case , Helen Gambrill said : ` On January 12 the defendant was in Lidl in Maidenhead and outraged the public decency , namely filming up the skirts of women in that store . ` That offence came to light when a member of the public saw the defendant and thought he was acting in a strange way . ' The court heard the shopper spotted Webster positioning his satchel , with a lens protruding out , under the skirt of a woman . Webster , who at the time was living in shared accommodation in White Waltham , near Maidenhead , was confronted by security guards and tried to cover the lens before denying any wrong-doing . However , after seeing an appeal for witnesses to the crime in a local newspaper he turned himself in to police . Webster immediately showed remorse , telling a police officer , ` I threw the camera away in frustration on the day I did this . ' He accepted that his actions had a sexual purpose but admitted he had no idea why he had carried out the crime . Francis Domingo , defending , said Webster had been struggling to deal with a break-up at the time and was incredibly ashamed at his actions . ` From the moment I 've seen him , I can tell you this - Mr Webster has expressed nothing but sincere remorse over what took place , ' he said . Webster , now of Fengate , Marsham , near Norwich , had been smoking cannabis around the time of the incident , but was now clean , the court was told . Webster had targeted women as the shopped at Lidl in Maidenhead , Berkshire -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Sentencing him , Presiding magistrate Mark Lovett said : ` We note the early guilty plea and the fact that you were very upfront about it from the very beginning . ` You were remorseful for your actions . ` On the other hand , you did show obvious intention - you went equipped . This was hardly accidental . ' He added : ` The other point I have to make is that you 're not 18 , you 're 35 , for goodness sake . ` That kind of action from someone of your mature years is quite extraordinary . ' Webster was handed a three year community order and was ordered to take part in a sexual offences treatment programme . He was also told to pay £ 85 in costs and a £ 60 fine .