Lesley Conman 's daughter Abbie , 12 , was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on Facebook . Two mothers have slammed police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator . Both Lesley Conman and Kerry Green 's young daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on Facebook - but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed . Ms Conman 's daughter Abbie , 12 , was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy . After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages , she challenged the man herself , pretending to be Abbie . Ms Conman , 34 , from Hull , said : ` There were four or five messages that he sent , before he actually blocked me . I think I scared him . ` You can only find my daughter on Facebook if you have a mutual friend and this guy was friends with 100 of her school friends , so she thought he was from school . ' After tackling the pervert , Lesley posted the messages on her own account to warn other parents of the dangerous predator . She said : ` I shared it because I would say 90 per cent of my daughter 's school were on his profile and he was talking to her friends and his profile had about 300-400 friends and they were all under 15 . ' In the case of Ms Green 's daughter Emily , 13 , the sick man threatened to post explicit pictures on her Facebook wall - which all of her friends would have then seen - if she did not play along with his sordid messages . The pictures were not of Emily , but it is thought that he planned to post them online as if they were her . Ms Green , from North Newbald , East Yorkshire , said : ` When I first saw the messages I flipped out , but I did n't to play the role of a paedophile hunter and lead him on because I did n't want him to think that my daughter was interested in him in anyway at all . ' Ms Conman challenged the man -LRB- pictured left and writing in grey -RRB- when she found the messages on Abbie 's Facebook -LRB- Abbie 's messages in blue -RRB- . After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages , she challenged -LRB- in blue -RRB- the man -LRB- writing in grey -RRB- herself , pretending to be Abbie . Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion . Ms Conman was told that no offence had been committed so officers could not do anything about the messages . She said : ` I felt disgusted by it . If nothing is done then surely we are sending a message out to these men that this is acceptable . ' Ms Green , who says the police never responded to her complaint , said : ` It was upsetting and annoying . I understand they ca n't follow up everyone of these case because it takes a lot of time , but if they did chase them up there would be less of them . ' Both mothers admitted that they do not like their daughters being on Facebook , but they 'd rather allow it than running the risk of the girls setting up a secret account . A Humberside Police spokesman said : ` Unfortunately , there are people out there that do want to engage with people who are younger than themselves . ` Young people can help themselves by not engaging with them . Parents have a role to play in it , children have a role to play in it and we have a role to play in it once a crime has been committed . ` We are aware of Mrs Green 's complaint and we have taken it seriously and given her advice as to how to prevent this happening in the future . '