A Washington teen who strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school . The five-day suspension for Ibrahim Ahmad will prevent him from attending La Center High 's dance Saturday . Ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity . ` It was really unfair , and it kind of felt racist , ' Ahmad said . The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . Scroll down for video . ` The bomb ' : Ibrahim Ahmad , a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal . At lunchtime , he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom . ` I kno it 's A little Late , But I 'm kinda ... THE BOMB ! Rilea , Will U Be My Date To Prom ? ' the sign read . School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad 's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment . ` To me , it 's just blatant disrespect , ' Mansell told The Columbian . ` The student knew that the principal would n't support this and he went ahead and did it anyway . ' The teen says the prank was all in good fun and simply part of a trend in flashy prom proposals . No prom for them : Because of his stunt , prom has been ruined for Ibrahim and his date Rilea Wolfe . Dragged away : School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad 's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment . ` I 'm Middle Eastern , and I thought the bomb was kind of funny and clever , ' he said . ` I was n't wearing the vest for more than , like , 20 seconds . ` It 's kind of a trending thing now , too , where everyone just asks in a really creative way . ' Besides , she said ` yes . ' But now that creativity has ruined Ibrahim 's prom and that of his date , Rilea Wolfe . ` If anyone else did that , I feel like no one else would have gotten in trouble for it , ' Ahmad said . ` It was really unfair , and it kind of felt racist , ' Ahmad said . ` If anyone else did that , I feel like no one else would have gotten in trouble for it . '