Kayla Mooney , 24 , was arrested after allegedly having a sexual relationship with a student during her first year of teaching at Danbury High School . A 24-year-old high school science teacher who was arrested for allegedly having sex with a male student and providing him with alcohol appeared in court on Monday . Kayla Mooney , of Danbury , Connecticut , was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy 's girlfriend to school officials . Kayla Mooney , who was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School turned herself in to police . The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year , which appear to be supported by emails between the pair . Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations , according to CBS New York . Though she appeared in Danbury Superior Court on Monday , her arraignment on charges of second-degree sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor was postponed because her attorney requested evidence from prosecutors . Sal Pascarella , the superintendent of schools , sent high school parents a message last month to inform them of the teacher 's arrest . ` We are all very disappointed that this has happened to one of our faculty members , ' Pascarella said , but added : ` Obviously , there is a whole process we have to go through with this investigation . At this point , these are allegations . ' Kayla Mooney , 24 , was seen leaving Danbury Superior Court in Monday after she was arrested for allegedly having sex with a student . Mooney was allegedly busted after she complained to school administrators that the boy 's girlfriend was harassing her . The teacher was done in by emails she exchanged with the student , police allege . Mooney , who grew up in Danbury , attended North Dakota State University and Western Connecticut State University . Property records show she still lives with her family in Danbury . She taught chemistry and physics classes at the school , the Danbury Daily Voice reported . She is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February , according to the News Times . The first , Sacred Heart University instructor Timothy Leonard , was put on leave on February 11 after allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy in an SUV parked in a movie theater parking lot . Then a first-grade teacher , Brian Stroh , resigned from Bethel Elementary School on February 19 and has been charged with sexually abusing three children . He has been released on bail . After Mooney complained the the boy 's girlfriend was harassing her , the school launched a seven-week investigation in which the boy told police about his sexual relationship last year with the science teacher .