Harry Redknapp has revealed he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans as he left the Emirates Stadium after the Gunners ' 4-1 win over Liverpool . Currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers , the former Tottenham boss was at the Emirates as a spectator on April 4 when some fans turned against him . Redknapp claims he had earlier signed autographs and posed for pictures with friendly supporters , but when he was stuck in traffic after the game , a group of supporters began abusing him . Harry Redknapp appeared on Sky Sports ' show The Fantasy Football Club with Paul Merson -LRB- centre -RRB- . Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager of Queens Park Rangers . Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal breeze past Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League on April 4 . Speaking on Sky Sports ' The Fantasy Football Club , Redknapp said : ` I went to Arsenal and to be honest with you they were fantastic . ` The people you meet , everyone , I signed autographs and spoke with everybody . I come out and had a couple of pictures in my car with the lads who come over - they were Arsenal fans . ` Suddenly about 15 blokes outside of a pub there go off and I 'm stuck in the traffic . They see me and bang , -LRB- they start -RRB- throwing coins and giving me abuse . After watching the game , Redknapp claims he was attacked with coins by some Arsenal supporters . Redknapp has history with Arsenal fans ; he is pictured remonstrating with one during his time as Spurs boss . Redknapp 's four years in charge of Arsenal 's rivals Tottenham means he is unpopular at the Emirates . ` You know , it 's unreal . It 's always the small minority so they can spoil it for the rest and that for me is a big problem . ' The 68-year-old , who was speaking to former Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson , admitted that abusive fans is the least enjoyable thing as a manager . ` A lot of it is not good abuse and a lot of it is personal abuse , it 's filth , ' Redknapp continued . ` I see people there with their grandkids saying the most horrific things - it 's scary really . ` Most punters are fantastic and it 's a lovely game I 've been brought up with . '