A ` superhero ' scientist has ventured into one of the most radioactive places in the world - scaling missile defence system towers , getting bitten by ` radioactive ' ants and eating contaminated apples that have grown on trees close to Chernobyl 's epicentre . Anonymous scientist Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone , the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26 , 1986 , as she measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air . Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world , with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area is n't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years . Despite this , the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital - and says the most scared she 's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned , dilapidated buildings . Scroll down for video . Daring : Bionerd uploaded this picture of her in the Chernobyl power station control room on April 26 , exactly 29 years after the disaster . Tasty : Bionerd eats an apple that has grown in radiation-filled Chernobyl , where humans are still not allowed to live due to the cancer risk - but she says she has exposed herself to more radiation going intohospital , and is more likely to develop cancer from swimming in the sea . High : Bionerd free-climbing up the early warning missile detection system in Chernobyl . The area was devastated by a huge nuclear explosion in 1986 , but that has n't stopped the scientist exploring into the no-go zone to film . Speaking to MailOnline Bionerd wo n't give her real name -- because ` Nobody should adore a scientist , one should adore his or her work ' -- but explains how she has come to ` love ' the disaster zone . ` At first it was just about the radiation , the contamination , measuring what was going on . By now , it 's for a love of the place ' , she said . ` Nobody who has not seen this place is able to fully grasp this ; a lot of people will think it 's crazy . ` But if you 've been there and experienced the zone as it truly is - a time capsule - you will understand . Timewarp : An abandoned experiment room in Chernobyl , untouched since the destructive accident in 1986 . 31 people died in the immediate aftermath . Abandoned : A derelict operating room in Pripyat - the ` ground zero ' city when the nuclear reactor exploded . Bionerd says visiting the abandoned site is like stepping back in time . Damage : The broken pressure gauges from the nuclear power station 's control room after the nuclear reactor exploded 29 years ago . Relaxed : Bionerd at the foot of the Duga-3 radar system - known as the Russian Woodpecker - in the heart of the Chernobyl exclusion zone . ` Time stopped the moment the reactor blew , and I do n't just mean the readings on the clocks ... And if you embrace it , you can understand the zone 's true meaning . ' The 29th anniversary of the disaster was marked on Sunday , and it is still regarded as the worst nuclear power plant accident in history . Thirty-one people died in the direct aftermath , but the long term effects of the population living close by are still being investigated . As well as conducting scientific experiments measuring the amount of radiation with her bright yellow Geiger counter , Bionerd 's videos also show the eeriness of the once thriving and busy area , now abandoned and inhospitable . Yet despite the obvious dangers , Bionerd says she has exposed herself to more radiation when going for a medical procedure in hospital - and is more likely to get skin cancer by swimming in the sea without wearing sunscreen . ` The received dose of radiation -LSB- in Chernobly -RSB- was far too minor ' , she said . ` If anything , the medical procedures have exposed me to far greater amounts of radiation than Chernobyl ever will , so if I was to have a ` radiation induced cancer ' , I probably got it at the emergency room . The Chernobyl power plant after the disaster in 1986 . On April 26 . 1986 , a sudden power surge at the nuclear power plant in Chernobyl , near the city of Pripyat , led to a huge explosion of the reactor which cast highly radioactive particles into the air . The plume spread over wide areas of the then-Soviet Union and eastern Europe , leading to some 350,400 people having to be evacuated and resettled from the most contaminated areas in Belarus , Ukraine and Russia . The fight to contain the contamination led to more than half a million emergency workers exposing themselves to high doses of radiation , and cost 18 billion rubles . The deaths of 31 people - all reactor staff or emergency workers - were directly attributed to the disaster , while the Chernobyl Forum predicts the eventual death toll could reach 4,000 among those with a high level of radiation . The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone was set up by the Soviet military directly after the disaster and covers around 30 km of the site , including the epi-centre of the blast . It is one of the most radioactively contaminated areas in the world - but there are still 197 ` Samosley ' , or ` illegal residents ' of the area who refused to move out . Tourism to the zone is growing , thanks in part to the popularity of video games including Call of Duty : Modern Warfare and S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Source : Wikipedia . Relaxed : Bionerd with her Geiger counters measuring radiation in Chernobyl . She has visited the site six times to film her experiments . Radiation : Bionerd 's array of Geiger counters , which measure the amount of ionizing radiation in the air including alpha particles , beta particles and gamma rays . Death trap : More dangerous than the radiation , Bionerd says , are the derelict buildings on the brink of structural collapse . Predator : The Chernobyl exclusion zone has become popular with wildlife , including this rabies-ridden fox . ` It was very stupid of me to go swimming in the sea multiple times without re-applying sun protection , and I hope I wo n't have to pay for this ignorance one day . ' ` When necessary - which which was very few occasions - I was wearing gloves and/or a respirator and/or shoe protection so I do n't get contaminated ' , she added . ` I was extremely cautious about the buildings , as some of them have partially collapsed and are highly dangerous to enter . ` Being buried by a collapsing wall is the true physical danger in the Chernobyl exclusion zone . ` I was also carefully looking out for animals , especially as rabies is a big issue in any rural area in the Ukraine - and thus , also in the Chernobyl exclusion zone , which is a wildlife habitat more than anything else . ' Her encounter with a rabid fox is one of the few times on Bionerd 's YouTube videos that you hear genuine panic in her voice , as the wild creature comes dangerously close to her car . Reflecting on the impact that nuclear disasters such as Chernobyl has had on the surrounding environment , Bionerd said she does n't see it as an ` ideal ' energy source . ` In regard to stuff going really wrong , well , that rarely happens - in comparison to total running reactors versus time - and even if it does , it kills a lot less people in total than mining for coal or the smog resulting from emissions from coal plants . Untouched : The operator console of the control room for the nuclear reactor in Chernobyl . The site has barely been touched since the explosion . Defiant : Bionerd and her colleagues in nuclear reactors five and six over the potential reactor core - right in the heart of Chernobyl -LRB- see arrow -RRB- . She says she wants a reliable energy source before shutting nuclear power plants . But after coal , it 's still the second-worst source of power because of all that waste that is produced . Both the chemicals during separation and enrichment of uranium or spent fuel as well as the radioactive waste that results in the end of a fuel cycle are a huge issue . ` In theory , I 'd say ` Research nuclear reactors : Yes ! Nuclear power as an energy source : No ! ' But there , look at me - on my computer , with the lights on , drinking some coffee i have just prepared using one kW of power . ` We should also look into means of producing cleaner energy , for example nuclear fusion . Dangerous : The sealed-off Chernobyl nuclear power plant , pictured in March 2015 . Massive : Bionerd at the foot of the detection system . She said she finds the attention to her videos ` quite awkward ' ` But I can not demand that we shut off coal plants followed by nuclear power plants within the next ten years , as we need to have a true , reliable and sufficient alternative before that step . ' And while Bionerd 's videos are rightly receiving praise from around the world due to their scientific content , many have flocked to praise Bionerd 's punk style and good looks . How does she feel about that attention ? ` If somebody flatters me , it 's quite awkward - kind of like if you hand in a manuscript to a book your have put a lot of time and effort into while writing it , and the publisher then writes back to you and just says that you have an absolutely beautiful and marvellous handwriting . ` It 's not a bad thing , but it 's not really what you want to hear , either . ' To see more , visit Bionerd 's YouTube channel .