David Beckham 's 40th birthday celebrations next weekend were never going to be a small affair . The world-famous football star is expected to fly out to Morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family . And it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort , just outside Marrakech . Scroll down for video . David Beckham 's -LRB- left -RRB- 40th birthday is on Saturday , 2 May and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort , just outside of Morocco -LRB- right -RRB- . Amanjena Resort Amanjena -LRB- peaceful paradise -RRB- is the first Aman resort on the African continent and is located just outside the ancient city of Marrakech . Set within an oasis of palms and olive trees , Moorish heritage is reflected throughout the pisé-walled resort , including the Morocco luxury pavilions that radiate out from an ancient bassin . The name Amanjena translates as peaceful paradise , which is echoed by its remote , private surroundings . According to The Sun On Sunday , Tom Cruise , Guy Ritchie , Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event , said to be held at the secluded haven which more resembles an ancient palace . It is not the first time the Beckhams have stayed at the resort , with Victoria and David renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004 . ` He 'll only turn 40 once so he wants to do it in style . Morocco is a place close to his heart , ' a source also told the paper . The star 's big day is on Saturday , 2 May and , according to the reports , his guests have only been told to keep the day free , with specific details remaining a secret . The name Amanjena translates as peaceful paradise , which is echoed by its remote , private surroundings . With the backdrop of the High Atlas Mountains , the hotel , which is the first Aman resort in Africa , is adorned with lawns , vines , emerald-clay roofs , Moroccan marble fountains and hand-cut , glazed tiles known as zellij . It is not the first time the Beckhams have stayed at the glamorous resort , with Victoria and David renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004 . Treatments at the beauty centre include massages , manicures , pedicures and facials for the perfect birthday relaxation . The Centre also features a timber-floor gym if guests wish to keep in shape during their trip . Tom Cruise , Guy Ritchie , Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event , said to be held at the secluded haven which more resembles an ancient palace than a hotel . The high-profile guests will be able to dine outdoors , choosing from Mediterranean and Moroccan cuisine . Furthermore Thai dishes can be served alongside the pool , and breakfast and lunch can be taken overlooking the golf course . There is a private dining area , which can be hired out for occasions such as David 's birthday meal , and a cigar bar for after meals . Fanning out from the central water pool are beautiful , Moroccan-style Pavilions -LRB- many with private pool and garden -RRB- . The high-profile guests will be able to dine outdoors , choosing from Mediterranean and Moroccan cuisine . The resort 's 18 air-conditioned pavilions include a bedroom-living room and spacious bathroom and dressing area . The living area consists of a high , domed ceiling , a king-size platform bed and an open fireplace . A centrepiece to the opulent resort comes in the form of a large bassin , a picturesque holding pool , which all of the pavilions fanning out from it . Beckham and his guests will be able to take advantage of the 32 private air-conditioned pavilions which feature wood-burning fires , terraces with gazebos , and lantern-lit seating areas , or splash out on the seven pavilions which include private pools . Each pavilion comprises a bedroom with domed living room area , king-size bed , spacious bathroom and dressing area , open fireplace , mini-bar , private courtyard with gazebo , a lounge sofa and dining area . When not enjoying the hammam , spa , swimming pool and tranquillity within the hotel , the vibrant city of Marrakech with its souks , gardens and historic buildings are easily accessible . The concierge at the hotel is happy to arrange private day tours with an English-speaking guide on request , so they Beckhams could see the city of Marrakech . The Beckhams can take advantage of the Amanjena spa which offers everything from hammams to traditional Moroccan scrubs to massage and reflexology and it provides a genuine sanctuary . There is a gym , 108ft heated swimming pool and separate shallow pool . If the sports star wishes to stay active while he is away , there 27-hole championship golf course located next door to the resort is right next door and a 108ft outdoor pool . If Victoria and other fashion conscious members of the group wish to shop , the TripAdvisor Travellers ' Choice 2015 Winner also has three boutiques located conveniently inside the resort , maintaining the privacy of the party . Harper will equally have a great time if she is taken along , with the private pools having a shallow end , ideal for young swimmers . Curl up with a book ! It is doubtful the Beckhams will have time to read but if they want to there is a library with fireplace , cosy daybeds and many books , magazines , DVDs and board games . Amanjena 's six two-storey maisons rise seven metres from floor to ceiling in a variation of the Moroccan townhouse , with trines of second-floor windows looking inward , as if to a garden courtyard . The living area , located on the main floor , features an arc-cut fireplace , a zellij wall fountain and a small bathroom . Living areas come complete with cosy fires . For the party guests there are plenty of activities available from hiking and biking in the Atlas mountains to cycling in and around the city itself . Opulent surroundings ! The five-star hotel , built in the style of a Sultan 's palace is a peaceful retreat outside the bustling city of Marrakech . The suites have a minibar , a CD player and a TV/DVD . Bathrooms feature a stepped and columned soaking tub of green Moroccan marble highlights , along with double vanities , soaring mirrors , twin dressing areas and a separate shower . David and his guests can relax under the stars on loungers , lit by a sea of lanterns that decorate the palace-like hotel . This stunning , serene hotel is set out around the central feature of the ancient bassin -LRB- irrigation pool -RRB- which lies at the heart of the property .