A gay-friendly bar has shocked regular customers by coming out in favour of UKIP because of its policies on the pub industry . The Harewood Arms in Wakefield , West Yorkshire , has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party , which is running a ` Save the Pub ' campaign in the run up to the election . The pub , which is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises , declared its support for Nigel Farage 's party over the weekend . Scroll down for video . The Harewood Arms , a gay-friendly pub in Wakefield , West Yorkshire -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has publicly revealed its support for Nigel Farage 's UKIP , which is running a ` Save The Pub ' campaign in the run up to the election . Announcing the decision to support UKIP , landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook : ` We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support ' It has left regular customers stunned and provoked a ` Marmite ' reaction of divided opinions . Announcing the decision to vocally-support UKIP , landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook : ` We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support . ` I had a lovely chat with Alan -LSB- Hazelhurst , UKIP candidate for Wakefield -RSB- this week and we will be organising a few things at the pub to help the campaign and will let you all know more when we know what 's happening ! ' He added that the pub had received a ` Marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people ' over the announcement - with gay regulars shocked at the pub 's ignorance of the string of homophobic comments made by some UKIP candidates . One customer said : ` Drinking elsewhere now . F *** this UKIP . ' While another responded : ` A gay pub that supports UKIP . This pub should be given a miss . ' Mr Eason said the Harewood Arms was holding a ` rally style meet and greet evening ' with Mr Farage 's party . He added : ` Anyone offended by politics or the party in question will know about the event so if they choose not to visit the pub that night they can do just that . The pub said it had received a ` Marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people ' over the declaration . Nigel Farage , who has been pictured many times drinking in pubs , wants to amend the smoking ban to enable clubs and pubs to make their own decision as to whether they enforce outside smoking or in a special room . ` We 've said many times we wo n't be ramming our UKIP support in the face of customers you can still come in and have a normal drink in a normal pub , our view is n't to try and brainwash our customers into voting for someone they do n't want to . ' It is UKIP 's ` Save the Pub ' campaign which has swayed the Harewood Arms ' support towards the right-wing party . The party believes ` not enough is being done to help the ailing pub trade ' and claims to make supporting the industry a priority if in power . In its manifesto , UKIP also promises to amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice to open properly ventilated smoking rooms which are separated from non-smoking areas . It believes an amended smoking ban will go some way to help reignite trade in pubs across the country . UKIP Wakefield and UKIP LGBT have both praised the pub for the announcement . UKIP 's deputy leader Paul Nuttall MEP is spearheading the party 's ` Save the Pub ' campaign . UKIP has launched a ` Save the Pub ' Campaign , spearheaded by the party 's deputy leader Paul Nuttall MEP , in the lead up to the general election . The party believes ` not enough is being done to help the ailing pub trade ' and claims to make supporting the industry a priority if in power . In its manifesto , UKIP promises to amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice to open properly ventilated smoking rooms which are separated from non-smoking areas . It also states that it opposes minimum pricing of alcohol . The party believes the smoking ban , cheap alcohol in supermarkets and rising business rates are among the reasons why an estimated one in four pubs are closing every day . It believes tackling these issues will go someway in helping revive the great British pub . Several UKIP candidates have already spoken out in favour of supporting the beer industry and leader Nigel Farage is often spotted during photocalls drinking in pubs . Last month , UKIP MEP James Carver slammed the EU Commission for formally requesting the UK to cease its duty exemption for small-scale producers of cider and perry . The exemption concerns producers , whose production does not exceed 70 hectolitres over a period of 12 consecutive months and who make such products for sale . He said : ` This EU move is terrible news for the British cider and perry industry . ` Cider and perry makers would be hit by rising costs as a result of this EU diktat which will leave a sour taste in the mouths of small-scale producers . ` Our Government should stand up to this Commission attack on small businesses and launch a spirited defence of our superb cider and perry industry . ' The party believes ` not enough is being done to help the ailing pub trade ' and claims to make supporting the industry a priority if in power . It also wants to amend the smoking ban to give pubs the option to decide .