German football has certainly had better days . Still coming to terms with the morning resignation of their most gifted and charismatic coach , Jurgen Klopp , the Bundesliga then saw its champions humbled , embarrassed even , at a feverish Estadio do Dragao on Wednesday night . Not since the days of Jose Mourinho more than a decade ago have FC Porto seen anything quite like this . Porto remain one of Portugal 's eminent teams -- they have been champions in three of the last four seasons -- and won the Europa League four years ago . But nothing quite feels the same as bringing a genuine European superpower to its knees and Porto and their rapturous supporters went home knowing that they now have a more than a decent chance of squeezing through to the semi-finals of the Champions League when the teams reconvene in Bavaria next Tuesday . Porto earned an impressive 3-1 Champions League first leg victory against Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich on Wednesday night . Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brings down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty . The Bayern players surround referee Carlos Velasco Carballo following his decision to award Porto a spot-kick . The 31-year-old forward had no problem slotting the ball past Neuer to give his side an early 1-0 advantage . German star Neuer dives in the wrong direction as Quaresma calmly slots away the spot-kick with just three minutes on the clock . Porto : Fabiano 6.5 , Danilo 6.5 , Maicon 7 , Martins Indi 7 , Alex Sandro 7 , Herrera 7 , Casemiro 7 , Torres 7 -LRB- Neves 74 ' 6 -RRB- , Quaresma 8.5 -LRB- Evandro 84 ' -RRB- , Martinez 8 , Brahimi 7 -LRB- Hernani 78 ' -RRB- . Subs not used : Helton , Quintero , Reyes , Aboubakar . Booked : Alex Sandro , Casemiro , Danilo . Goal : Quaresma 3 ' -LRB- p -RRB- & 10 ' , Martinez 64 ' Manager : Julen Lopetegui 8.5 . Bayern Munich : Neuer 6 , Rafinha 6 , Boateng 5 , Dante 5 , Bernat 5.5 , Lahm 6 , Alonso 5 -LRB- Badstuber 73 ' 6 -RRB- , Thiago 6 , Muller 6 , Lewandowski 5.5 , Gotze 6 -LRB- Rode 56 ' 5.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Reina , Pizarro , Gaudino , Weiser , Lucic . Booked : Neuer , Bernat , Lahm , Rode . Goal : Thiago 28 ' Manager : Pepe Guadiola 6 . MOM : Quaresma . Referee : Carlos Velasco Carballo 6 -LRB- Spain -RRB- . Att : 50 , 092 . Bayern , it must be said , were wretched . Missing key players , Pep Guardiola 's team were also missing balance , cohesion and an ability to defend properly . Only the cruel would say that in a week when all the talk has been about Guardiola moving to Manchester City in a year 's time , he oversaw a performance rather familiar to those who have been watching the fallen English champions recently . Guardiola 's team started badly and got worse . In the middle of the game they improved a little but as the second half wore on they failed themselves once again . This was a defeat by two goals that they can have no complaints about at all . If they do n't improve markedly next week then they really will go out . Beforehand , there was little to suggest this would happen . Yes , Bayern were without Sebastian Schweinsteiger , Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery but Porto are a team with little recent Champions League pedigree . As kick-off approached you could find odds as long as 4-1 on a home win . A couple of minutes in to the game , however , the ground shifted significantly beneath Bayern 's feet and it was , it must be said , entirely their own fault . No doubt expecting a bright start from Porto , Bayern simply had to ride it out . After all , it happens to them wherever they go . They are used to it . Here , though , calamity befell the Germans immediately . Xabi Alonso dithered under pressure from Jackson Martinez on the edge of the penalty area and when the Spanish referee deemed the Porto forward 's challenge legal the Colombian eased clear and was felled by goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . The German number one could have been sent off but was n't . He received only a yellow card . Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma , meanwhile , moved forwards to put the penalty to Neuer 's right . An awful start for Bayern and perfect for Porto , the pattern continued and in the tenth minute the visiting team contributed another absolute horror show . This time it was the Brazilian central defender Dante who erred , giving the ball away to Quaresma 40 yards from goal , allowing his opponent to race away and score comfortably with the outside of his right foot as Neuer advanced . The former Chelsea attacker wheels away in celebration after scoring his first goal of the game at the Estadio do Dragao . Quaresma is congratulated by Real Madrid 's latest signing Danilo -LRB- 2 -RRB- as Porto celebrate taking the lead . The Portuguese forward pounced on a defensive mistake by Dante -LRB- right -RRB- before slotting Porto into a 2-0 lead . Porto 's route one second goal saw Quaresma make the most of Fabiano 's long punt up field - Click here to see more from our Match Zone . The Porto fans react with joy as Quaresma sprints towards them in celebration of his quick-fire double . There were many people here who perhaps could n't believe what they were seeing . On the touchline Guardiola would have been one of them but , outwardly at least , he appeared calm . Robert Lewandowski had already shaved the bar with a header between the two Porto goals and perhaps he was confident that his team would improve sufficiently to save themselves . Certainly the game 's third goal was always going to be important and it was Bayern who scored it . As the first half had worn on they had begun to impose themselves a little and it was therefore no great shock when Jerome Boateng 's low cross from the right was driven in by Thiago Alcantara from close range at the far post in the 28th minute . With an hour of the game -- and two and a half hours of the tie -- remaining , Guardiola perhaps felt that things were now under some semblance of control . As it turned out , he was wrong . Bayern started the second period almost as badly as they had started the first and would have slipped two behind once more had Neuer not produced the save of the night , acrobatically turning over Hector Herrera 's close range shot . Neuer looks exasperated as the Bundesliga champions concede their second goal of the game with just 10 minutes gone . Bayern boss Pep Guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the Champions League clash . Thiago Alcantara pulled his side back into the game after a prolonged spell of pressure paid off for Guardiola 's side . The Spanish maestro grabbed the ball and headed straight back to the halfway line as Bayern searched for an equaliser . Porto 's head coach Julen Lopetegui -LRB- left -RRB- shouts instructions to his team during the Champions League first-leg . It was a save that few goalkeepers in Europe perhaps would have made but still Bayern 's problems would n't go away . Porto were too quick and too hungry for them in the middle of the field and the Germans simply could n't keep hold of the ball long enough to impose themselves on what should have been inferior opposition . Throughout the whole of the second half , Bayern hardly created an opportunity and when what could yet be the decisive third Porto goal arrived with 25 minutes left it represented another act of self-harming from the visitors . The long ball down the inside left channel really should n't have caused Bayern any problems but Boateng for some reason chose not to head it clear and Martinez then displayed a terrific turn of speed to round Neuer -- who left his line as slight favourite - and score from a tight angle . Bayern still had time but they had not the wit to get back in to the game . They will have to do their work at the Allianz Arena in five days ' time . This was Porto 's night and if Portuguese football has something of an inferiority complex these days -- and it really has -- then evenings like this will go some way to helping . Porto 's Alex Sandro -LRB- centre -RRB- looks to get the better of Spanish midfielder Xabi Alonso during the European encounter . Colombian striker Martinez rounds Neuer with ease before slotting into an empty net and putting Porto 3-1 ahead . Neuer was unable to stop Martinez as the Colombian made the most of a mistake from Bayern defender Jerome Boateng . Martinez celebrates putting Porto into a commanding 3-1 lead as Bayern have a night to forget in Portugal . Martinez -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates his goal in front of the Porto faithful as Alonso and Neuer look shell-shocked . Dante -LRB- left -RRB- leaves the Estadio do Dragao pitch with his team-mates as Bayern suffer a shock 3-1 defeat . Bayern captain Philipp Lahm reacts after his side lose only their second Champions League match of the 2014-15 campaign .