Dover police say a man they believe to be the so-called ` rat burglar ' who cut holes to tunnel into buildings has been arrested in Maryland . Authorities said in a news release Thursday that 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights , Maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George 's County Sheriff 's Office . ` Rat burglar ' : Thomas K. Jenkins , pictured is accused of robbing 18 Dover businesses . From September 2014 to February 2015 , Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover , Delaware , authorities there said . ` During the investigation it was learned that the Prince George 's County Sheriff 's Department had a series of burglaries that were similar in nature to the eighteen committed in Dover , ' the release said . Thomas Jenkins has been accused by the Dover Police Department of robbing multiple businesses . They are : . Maple Dale Country Club . Manlove Auto Parts . Sovereign Properties . Morgan Properties . U and I Builders . AMCO Check Cashing . Colonial Investment . 1st Capital Mortgage . Advantage Travel . Ancient Way Massage . Tranquil Spirit Massage/Spa . Christopher Asay Massage . Morgan Communities . Vincenzo 's Restaurant . Happy Fortune Chinese Restaurant . Happy 13 Liquors . Del-One Credit Union . Pizza Time . Melvin 's Auto Service . Source : Dover Police Department/The News Journal . A car was found behind a building where a robbery took place and led deputies in Maryland to consider Jenkins as a suspect , authorities said . Law enforcement later found Jenkin 's car and tracked where he went , Dover police said . Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled . According to Dover police , ` Jenkins was found in possession of .45-caliber handgun that was stolen from a business in Delaware State Police Troop 9 jurisdiction . A search of Jenkins vehicle revealed an additional .45-caliber handgun stolen from the same business . ' Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware . The charges he is facing break down to : four counts of wearing a disguise during the commission of a felony , eighteen counts of third-degree burglary , eighteen counts of possession of burglary tools , fourteen counts of theft under $ 1,500 , and eighteen counts of criminal mischief , two of which are felonies , authorities said . Cpl. Mark Hoffman with the Dover Police Department told the News Journal that Delaware State Police are planning to file charges over a 19th robbery at Melvin 's Auto Service , which reportedly occurred in a part of Dover where jurisdiction is held by state police . Sharon Hutchison , who works at one of the businesses Jenkins allegedly robbed , told the newspaper ` He cut through two layers of drywall , studs and insulation . ' The Prince George 's County Sheriff 's Department did not immediately return a request for information on what charges Jenkins is facing there .