Rafael Nadal squeezed through to the quarter-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters after a narrow win over America 's John Isner , but Roger Federer 's tournament is over after he lost to Gael Monfils . Federer was playing his first tournament since losing to Novak Djokovic in the Indian Wells final last month and the second seed 's rustiness showed as he was beaten 6-4 7-6 -LRB- 7/5 -RRB- . The world number two struck an early break in the first set but Monfils twice hit back to go one up before edging a close second-set tie-break to seal victory . Rafael Nadal sneaked past John Isner in the Monte Carlo Masters as he struggled to against his big serve . The French number three will now face Grigor Dimitrov , who dumped out defending champion Stanislas Wawrinka with a 6-1 6-2 win . Nadal was made to work harder for a 7-6 -LRB- 8/6 -RRB- 4-6 6-3 victory over Isner and he will now meet fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in the last eight . The world number five is eager to establish some momentum on clay , his favourite surface , after a disappointing start to the season but was close to losing the first set before Isner squandered two set points . The American was unlucky to not come away with the victory but Nadal 's class shone through in the end . The American responded strongly in the second set to level but Nadal broke early in the decider before closing out the match . The nine-time French Open champion remains on course to meet Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals after the Serb eased past world number 52 Andreas Haider-Maurer 6-4 6-0 . Djokovic will first have to overcome Croatia 's Marin Cilic , who battled to a 6-3 7-6 -LRB- 7/5 -RRB- win over Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , while Ferrer edged through via a 6-2 6-7 -LRB- 3/7 -RRB- 6-1 victory over Gilles Simon . Tomas Berdych and Milos Raonic will meet in the other quarter-final . Berdych beat Roberto Bautista Agut 7-6 -LRB- 9/7 -RRB- 6-4 and Raonic edged past Tommy Robredo 6-3 3-6 6-3 . Roger Federer was knocked out the competition by the talented Frenchman Gael Monfils in straight sets .