He 's used to picking up running backs but will soon be picking up fares as Miami Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis takes up a second job as an Uber taxi driver . The 6ft 5in , 330 lb NFL player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application , explaining ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash ' . The pro footballer also took to Twitter to explain the decision , stating : ` People ask me why would you want to be an Uber driver if you play in the NFL ... You know what 's better than NFL money ? More money . ' Second job : Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis has sent an application to taxi app Uber as he wants be a driver during the off-season to earn extra cash . Unusual decision : Francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today . Francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today . Speaking to New York Daily News , he said : ` I 've been using the app for two years and every driver I talk to says it really helps supplement their income . ` I always worked odd jobs . I mowed lawns in summer and shoveled snow in the winter . I got a job in a deli cutting meat . I was a bouncer at a night club in college . ` I 'd go wherever they pay me to take them . The customer is always right . ' Curt response : The 24-year-old offers his reason for wanting to become an Uber driver on Twitter yesterday . Francis , who played his college ball at Maryland , is set to make $ 510,000 next season , according to NFL salary website Over The Cap - but still plans to work for Uber during the off-season . Francis recently bought an impressive white Dodge Charger with black trim and will use the car to ferry passengers around Fort Lauderdale when he becomes a certified Uber driver . Uber is one of a number of apps people can use to book and pay for taxi journeys . Launched in 2009 and currently in operation in more than 250 cities across 55 countries , the app makes cities more accessible for people by ` seamlessly connecting riders to drivers ' , according to the company website . The app detects the GPS on a mobile device and finds the nearest available driver . Users can track the vehicle , pay with their phone , and even split the fare with friends using a credit card system . The player is yet to feature in an NFL regular season game but says he 's desperate to begin making a contribution on the field . Francis , who played his college ball at Maryland , is set to make $ 510,000 next season , according to NFL salary website Over The Cap . In a Tweet about his latest venture , he wrote : ` Just applied to be an Uber driver ... I hope my background check goes well . ' One fan quickly commented on the post writing : ` Are you serious about the Uber thing ? I 'm pretty sure I 've never heard of an NFL player moonlighting as a driver . ' Francis then replied : ` My first job was behind a deli counter . In college I worked as a nightclub bouncer . I 'm a fan of odd jobs lol . ' Twitter exchange : A fan expresses his surprise at the NFL player 's decision to become an Uber driver . Odd-job man : The 6ft 5in , 330 lb NFL player claimed after regularly using the taxi app he decided to send an application to work for them , explaining ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash '