Veteran referee Kenny Bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacuiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history . Bayless will need little introduction to either fighter , having previously worked five of Mayweather 's bouts and seven of Pacquiao 's . In fact , he oversaw the former 's professional debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996 . The 64-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world and will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on May 2 while judges Dave Moretti , Glenn Feldman and Burt Clements will each receive $ 20,000 . Not everyone is praising the appointment though , and Oscar De La Hoya , one of Mayweather 's past opponents in a match overseen by Bayless , has suggested that the choice of official will serve as a clear advantage for the American over Pacquiao . Kenny Bayless -LRB- left -RRB- will referee the match between Floyd Mayweather -LRB- right -RRB- and Manny Pacquiao on May 2 . Bayless has overseen five of Mayweather 's previous fights , including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca . Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from the appointment of Bayless against Pacquiao . Bayless breaks up Mayweather and Marcos Maidana -LRB- left -RRB- during their bout at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . ` I think it favours Mayweather , absolutely , ' De La Hoya told Yahoo Sports , ` There is no secret about that . I had heard Kenny Bayless was going to be the referee and that 's one point for Mayweather right there . ' He went on to explain , ` If you notice every fight Mayweather has had with Kenny Bayless -LRB- as referee -RRB- , the ref should break them up if both hands are tied up and they 're not throwing punches . ` If you notice , for instance with -LRB- Marcos -RRB- Maidana , when they got in close , right away Kenny Bayless would break them up . ` One hand would be free from the clinch , but he still broke them up . It 's an advantage for Mayweather . ' De La Hoya was defeated by Mayweather in 2007 on a split decision after 12 rounds , losing the WBC light middleweight title . Mayweather defeated De La Hoya in 2007 to claim the WBC light middleweight title on a split decision .