Two teenage boys reportedly stabbed a third to death after arguing about their mobile phones - then killed four girl pals they were with so they could n't tell police about the murder . Sergey Burkaev , 16 , and Konstantin Surkov , 17 , are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat . The vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia , according to prosecutors . Scroll down for video . Accused of murder and rape : Sergey Burkaev , 16 -LRB- left -RRB- and Konstantin Surkov , 17 , could be jailed for life . Slain at a party : Russian police released pixellated images of some of the victims , who were aged 16 to 22 . The baby-faced pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers , who saw the vehicle being driven erratically . If convicted , Surkov and Burkaev face life in jail . The police who quizzed them say both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape . The only reason they have given for the carnage was that they were drunk , the officers added . The horrific crimes reportedly took place at a house party in the small town of Kumertau in Bashkortostan on Friday night . A friend of party-goers - 17-year-old Svetlana Frolova - said : ` I just ca n't believe this has happened . They were all so friendly with each other and always hanging out together . ` I had been invited -LRB- to the party -RRB- too , and had really wanted to go , but my mum said I had to stay in to do my homework . I 'm so glad I did . I ca n't understand why they did this . ' Arrested : One of the youths is told to lean face down on a police car after being stopped in a ` stolen ' vehicle . Boozed-up Surkov and Burkaev are said to have accused fellow party guest Sidor Fokine , 22 , of stealing their mobile phones . When he denied it , they flew into a rage and pulled out their knives . Then they knifed him in front of the other guests - who were all female . But they feared that the young women would identify them as the killers . So they knifed them too , including 16-year-old Maria Sorokina , in whose flat they were partying , and her 17-year-old friend Anastasia Selezneva . Scene of carnage : Police officers at the apartment block in Kumertau where five young people were killed . The other victims were aged 21 and 22 . Anastasia was the last to be murdered - and she was raped before her brutal death . The five bodies were set on fire in the apartment . A police spokesman said of Surkov and Burkaev : ` They were apprehended while trying to escape in a stolen car . They were covered in blood and still drunk . ` So far they have only said they did it because they were drunk . '