Former Italy forward Antonio Di Natale has described Alexis Sanchez as the best strike partner he 's ever had and insisted the Arsenal forward is better than Neymar . Di Natale , who won 42 caps for Italy between 2002 and 2012 , spent five years playing alongside Sanchez at Udinese , who he still captains at the age of 37 . Azzurri legends Francesco Totti and Alessandro Del Piero are just two of the names Di Natale has played alongside but he told Arsenal 's official website that Sanchez tops the lot . Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez has been hailed as the best strike partner Antonio Di Natale ever had . Sanchez has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions during his debut season with the Gunners . The Chilean played alongside Di Natale -LRB- left -RRB- for five years at Serie A side Udinese . He said : ` I know what you are going to ask . And the answer is : Yes he 's the best partner I had in my life . ` Like you say , I 've played with a lot of champions , but he is the best ; and he ' s proven it by performing for enormous clubs such as Barcelona and Arsenal . ` It ' s quite easy to be a star in a little or medium team , where there is no pressure and where competition is far to be ferocious . ` But to confirm your individual qualities within the biggest teams is something only few can achieve . ' Asked to compare Sanchez and Neymar , Di Natale added : ` If I had to choose one , I 'd choose Alexis : because he 's a little more concrete . ' Di Natale claims his former team-mate is better than Neymar , who effectively replaced him at Barcelona . Former World Cup winners Francesco Totti -LRB- left -RRB- and Alessandro del Piero are among Di Natale 's former strike partners with Italy . Di Natale has put his former team-mate 's unbelievable work ethic as the secret behind his success . ` I was amazed by his technical skills : he did things with the ball that were more typical of a juggler than a footballer . But what really impressed me was the approach he had to the everyday work . ` In my career , I 've seen a lot of talented players squandering their abilities with the wrong attitude , with a sort of indolence . Alexis was the contrary . ` I 've never seen him distracted , he was always attentive and focused , he was always ready to work harder in order to improve , to add some new trick to his natural talent . ` This is probably his secret , and the thing that has allowed him to become one of the greatest players around today : he combines individual quality with a willingness for collective sacrifice . '