Jenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . After starting the new Formula One season in Australia with a severe lack of pace , McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia . Although both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit , the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners . Jenson Button looks on in the garage during final practice for last month 's Malaysian Grand Prix . That came as a pleasant surprise to Button , who is now hoping further steps have been taken going into this weekend 's race in Shanghai . ` Obviously we want to finish a race , but seeing improvement in pace was much more important , ' said Button . ` Yes , we both had failures , but I 'd rather that with us pushing and trying to get more power out of the car than trotting around at the back and simply getting to the end . ` To be able to race other cars , and see the Red Bulls until a long way into the race , was good . ` We would probably have been 20 seconds behind them . I know they 're not quick , but that is a good step forward for us . Button returns to the McLaren garage after retiring during the race at the Sepang circuit . ` Right now we 're comparing ourselves with the Force Indias , Saubers and Lotuses . ` We were quicker than Force India ; the Sauber was on the same sort of pace , and the Lotus was n't that much quicker . ` Fighting with the pack is important for me . It 's what I enjoy and hopefully race by race we 'll start picking them off . ' Despite the positives , Button acknowledges the entire team , including Honda , ` still has a long way to go ' . British driver Button in action before he retired from the Malaysian Grand Prix . Button added : ` We need and want more downforce to fight with the guys around us , and we still have a lot to do with the power unit , but our basic car is good . ` If you look at our high-speed pace , compared to the Force India and Sauber , then we are much stronger . ` So we 're moving in the right direction , and I 'm already surprised we are racing cars . It 's great to see . ' Part of the reasoning behind McLaren 's improvement in Malaysia , in comparison to Australia , was the high temperatures which suited the car . McLaren driver Fernando Alonso -LRB- left -RRB- drives ahead of team-mate Button in Kuala Lumpur . Button appreciates the cooler air in Shanghai could have an effect . The 35-year-old said : ` There is a feeling the expected cooler weather will make it harder to generate tyre temperature . ` That could mean any progress we make does n't necessarily translate to a lap-time benefit . ` But there is definitely progress being made , and it 's great to be able to play a role in helping move the whole team forwards . ` It 'll be fascinating to see how much change we can effect over the forthcoming races . '