Searches are underway for Kyle Knox , 23 , from London , who was last seen at 10 am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis . Searches are ongoing today for a missing 23-year-old walker who disappeared as he tried to climb Britain 's highest mountain in -7 C blizzards and 70mph winds . Kyle Knox , from London , was last seen at about 10 am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands . He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday , prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance . Police Scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone . Searches of Ben Nevis and the Glen Nevis area of Lochaber were carried out last night , with Lochaber Mountain Rescue and a RAF search and rescue helicopter from Lossiemouth being scrambled to the scene . However , the hunt had to be called off in darkness last night . Police Scotland confirmed this morning that the search had now resumed with rescuers describing the weather conditions as ` awful ' . The Met Office said 72mph winds were recorded in the area on Monday and 61mph gusts on Tuesday . Wind speeds have dropped to 51mph today but are still significant . Forecasters added that temperatures have been below freezing in the area every day this week , with the coldest temperature recorded at about -7 C . There is also likely to be heavy snowfall on the peak , with 32 mm of snow and rain falling over the last 32 hours . The RAF Sea King continues to search for Mr Knox today , despite yesterday being its last day before handing over to a new civilian helicopter operator . The crew were due to hand over to a Coastguard-co-ordinated Bristow helicopter crew based at Inverness Airport today but it was decided to let the military team continue with this search - which will be the RAF 's last rescue callout in Scotland . Search and rescue dogs as well as Glencoe and Lochaber mountain rescue teams are also scouring the mountain . Mr Knox is described as 5ft 10 , slim build with dark hair . He was last seen wearing dark waterproof trousers , walking boots and a jacket with red flashes on it . People are being urged not to go to Scotland 's mountains unless they have the proper equipment and experience due to the severe weather conditions which have blighted the UK in recent days . The Mountaineering Council of Scotland -LRB- MCofS -RRB- said wind , snow and freezing temperatures have made walking and climbing conditions extremely difficult . The warning comes ahead of the Easter weekend , traditionally one of the busiest times in Scotland 's hills , and MCofS said mountain rescuers have ` serious safety concerns ' about the weekend . Heather Morning , the council 's safety adviser , said only people with adequate gear and knowledge of winter conditions should venture out . Mr Knox failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday , prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance . Officers believe he set off on the mountain alone , despite 70mph winds and rain . She said : ` If you are heading above 600m this Easter you must take an ice axe and crampons . ` And rigid-soled boots must be worn to kick steps across old , hard snow patches . ` Do n't be fooled into thinking that a pair of lightweight slip-on snow-spikes will do the job . They wo n't . ` Crampons that are not securely clipped and strapped to your boots will roll off as soon as you leave flat ground . ' Simon Steer , chairman of Scottish Mountain Rescue , added : ` It 's a sad fact that the beautiful , yet deceptive conditions on the hills at Easter means that this is often a busy time for the volunteers in the mountain rescue teams . ` We hope that hill goers will heed advice of the MCofS to avoid getting into difficulties which can place both themselves and their rescuers at risk . ' The Scottish Avalanche Information Service has rated the avalanche hazard for Creag Meagaidh as ` high ' and ` considerable ' for Glen Coe , Lochaber and Northern and Southern Cairngorms . Anyone with information on Mr Knox 's whereabouts is urged to contact Police Scotland on 101 .