The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week . We Britons certainly do love to keep things local , as over three quarters of us -LRB- 80 per cent -RRB- go crackers for cheddar , crowning it our favourite cheese variety . Least favourite cheeses , according to a new survey , are Greek feta , French Camembert and American cream cheese . And while the French are renowned for their love of the stinky stuff , we are not far behind , with the average Briton eating their way through four servings a week . The research , which was conducted by pickle brand Branston also revealed that a surprising one in four cheese fanatics -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- admit to eating melted cheese with everything . A third of Brits -LRB- 30 per cent -RRB- say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle while almost three quarters admitted to reaching out for a cheese sandwich when feeling peckish . In fact , three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day without fail . If we 're not putting slices in our sandwiches , one in ten of us are eating whole blocks of cheese in one sitting . Our second favourite is mozzarella with almost two in five -LRB- 38 per cent -RRB- enjoying the ever versatile soft Italian cheese . Close behind in third place is traditional red Leicester -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- . The French cheese board staple Brie placed fourth -LRB- 29 per cent -RRB- followed by Italian Parmesan in fifth -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- . Cheddar -LRB- left -RRB- is Britain 's most popular cheese with 80 % of us choosing it over fancier varieties like French Brie -LRB- right -RRB- . 1 . Cheddar -LRB- 80 % -RRB- . 2 . Mozzarella -LRB- 38 % -RRB- . 3 . Red Leicester -LRB- 31 % -RRB- . 4 . Brie -LRB- 29 % -RRB- . 5 . Parmesan -LRB- 24 % -RRB- . 6 . Stilton -LRB- 23 % -RRB- . 7 . Wensleydale -LRB- 21 % -RRB- . 8 . Feta -LRB- 20 % -RRB- . 9 . Camembert -LRB- 18 % -RRB- . 10 . Cream cheese -LRB- 14 % -RRB- . Another survey , this one by Lurpak , showed 32 per cent of office workers eat an identical lunch each day and have done so for nearly four and a half years on average . This is the equivalent of eating over 1,000 identical cheese sandwiches . Commenting on our attraction to repetition , food psychologist , Greg Tucker , who worked with Lurpak said : ` This research demonstrates that the repetition of eating the same food every day can provide reassurance and stability . ` However we all have an innate desire for exploration and would benefit from shaking things up . ` New tastes and experiences can excite and motivate us , especially when we have a far greater selection of foods to experiment with than we 've ever had before . ' Try something different : Chicken and mango sandwich with mint raita . Chicken and mango sandwich with mint raita . Ingredients : Walnut or granary bread ; butter ; mixed leaves ; a few slices of fresh mango ; half a roast chicken breast , shredded roughly ; Greek yoghurt ; finely chopped mint ; spoonful of mango chutney . Method : Spread walnut bread or granary bread with butter . Top with mixed leaves , thinly sliced fresh mango and ripped-up roast chicken breast . Add a dollop of Greek yogurt flavoured with finely chopped mint and a spoonful of mango chutney with a few extra mint leaves on top for that little bit extra . Experiment with a seeded roll : Smoked ham and egg with capers , gherkins and mustard mayo . Smoked ham and egg with capers , gherkins and mustard mayo . Ingredients : Seeded roll or bagel ; butter ; small bunch of watercress ; smoked ham ; one boiled egg , sliced ; gherkins ; mustard mayonnaise ; capers . Method : Top a seeded roll or bagel with butter . Then layer with watercress , slices of smoked ham and the boiled egg . Throw in a couple of sliced gherkins and finish with a dollop of mustard mayo and a sprinkling of tiny capers . There 's no need for meat : Feta with avocado and roasted red pepper . Feta with avocado and roasted red pepper . Ingredients : Fresh focaccia ; butter ; handful of baby spinach leaves , half an avocado , sliced ; two roasted red peppers , torn up ; chunks of feta , ripped up ; some basil leaves , ripped up ; ground black pepper ; dash of balsamic vinegar . Method : Place a handful of baby spinach leaves on to fresh , buttered focaccia . Add the ripe avocado slices , ripped-up roasted red pepper and broken-up chunks of feta . Top with a few torn basil leaves , ground black pepper and balsamic vinegar . Recipes provided by Lurpak Spreadable .