Cruise ship passengers on today relived their two day ordeal at sea after being trapped on Carnival Spirit as Sydney was battered by the storm of the century . Huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels , shattered plates and cups -- and left many on-board violently seasick as the boat pitched from side to side . A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship , carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew , docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10 am . Scroll down for videos . The 2500 passengers on board a cruise ship , which has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions , have finally arrived at Sydney Harbour this morning . Holidaymakers were due to disembark the Carnival Spirit on Tuesday morning but the Sydney storm prevented the vessel from entering the harbour . The port in Sydney reopened on Wednesday morning , allowing the ship made its way through the harbour to dock . Passengers from the cruise ship Carnival Spirit disembark at Sydney 's Overseas Passenger Terminal . ` We 're so relieved to just get off , ' passenger Courtney Randall said as she disembarked the liner . ` Inside everyone was sick , it was really quite rocky . ' ` Everyone is ready to get off , ' Debbie from Cherrybrook told ABC radio as the ship headed towards the shore . Another passenger told the Sydney Morning Herald of the horror and panic of being on board while the ship was battered had left her traumatised . ` At one stage , I looked out the window and one of the waves crashed up against the glass . I freaked out and closed the curtains . I could n't deal with it , ' Athanasia Georgoudakis , from Yagoona in Sydney 's south-west , told the Sydney Morning Herald . ` This is the last -LSB- cruise -RSB- . If I want to go on holiday I will catch a plane . I will not take another cruise , never . ' Vacationers were put on edge as ` a lot of water ' coming through glass panels and some of the crew were also frightened by the experience . One passenger has told how many travellers have been ` vomiting for two days ' due to rough seas conditions . A spokesperson for the cruise liner said that boarding is expected to commence at 2.30 pm for their modified 7-day Isle de Pines vacation , with plans to set sail by 7 pm . A camera on the cruise captures the moment it finally enters Sydney Harbour on Wednesday morning . One member of staff , who had worked on cruise ships for six years said that he had been sea sick and was very relieved to be back on shore . ` I was pretty scared of the roughness because I 've experienced nothing like that before , ' he told Daily Mail Australia , asking not to be identified . Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia , Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves , which began crashing into the ship late on Monday . It had been due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to traffic as conditions were so bad . The crew had pleaded for calm on board the ship , saying it was built to withstand the storm , which has been described as a ` once in a century ' weather event . Daily Mail Australia spoke to several new passengers , who were among many waiting to check in their luggage for their week-long journey aboard the ship . One young Gold Coast couple -LRB- pictured -RRB- Caleb Dias , 18 , and Chloie Rhodes , 17 , could not wait to jump on board as they had been planning this trip for nearly a year . Dr Marie-Therese Proctor , of Picton which is 80 km south-west of Sydney , is travelling with her teenage daughter Serena -LRB- pictured together -RRB- and told Daily Mail Australia she is confident the weather is going to clear up for their week-long trip which begins today . 2500 passengers on board the Carnival Spirit are at the mercy of the wild seas as storms batter the east coast - with the massive swell , seen from video images shot from on-board , showing just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are . The cruise ship Carnival Spirit has been damaged and stranded outside Sydney Harbour on Tuesday morning . The cyclonic winds battering Sydney have also caused drama for passengers on board cruise liner the Carnival Spirit which is heading south after being prevented from docking because of the heavy seas . Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia , Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves . While the ship was stuck at sea , one passenger told the Daily Telegraph that ` there was a large wave that hit at 7.30 last night that tore one of the doors off causing a whole lot of water to come flooding through the deck ' . ` Even as we speak the ship is creaking and moaning , ' passenger Kurt Foster said . ` Last night was absolutely horrendous . In the room all the cupboard doors were flying open and everything on the bench tops was flying off . ` One crew member has been working here for 10 years and he reckons it 's the roughest he 's seen . ' At 8.25 am on Wednesday , Carnival Cruise Line Australia finally posted a message on their Facebook page that their ship had been cleared to dock . ` -LRB- We -RRB- have been notified that the port in Sydney is now open to ship traffic and we 're happy to say the weather has improved to allow safe entry into the port , ' it read . The Carnival Spirit has 2500 passengers on board , stranded outside of Sydney Harbour because of the city 's wild weather . ` The pilot is now on board and ship is proceeding to the terminal and is expected to be alongside no later than 10 am . ` It is mandatory maritime requirement for a Harbour Pilot to board any ship before it enters Sydney port . ` Guests and crew are safe and comfortable and the ship is continuing to offer a full program of on-board activities and entertainment while it waits for the harbour to re-open . ' Damage to the 293m Carnival Spirit was minor and it was scheduled to depart of for a seven-day Isle de Pines cruise this evening . Daily Mail Australia spoke to several new passengers , who were among many waiting to check in their luggage for their week-long journey aboard the ship . Eleven metre waves have been recorded off-shore as the cruise ship Carnival Spirit remains stranded outside Sydney Harbour . One young Gold Coast couple Caleb Dias , 18 , and Chloie Rhodes , 17 , could not wait to jump on board as they had been planning this trip for nearly a year . ` I guess we 're a bit nervous but I think we 'll be fine and we even bought some travel sickness tablets just in case , ' Mr Dias said . Dr Marie-Therese Proctor , of Picton which is 80 km south-west of Sydney , is travelling with her teenage daughter Serena and told Daily Mail Australia she is confident the weather is going to clear up . ` It 's disappointing that we lost one day of travel as we were supposed to leave yesterday and we would have cancelled our trip all together if it did n't sail today , ' Dr Proctor said . ` But I am looking forward to some quality mother and daughter time on this trip plus I trust the crew 's decision to go ahead with the trip in these conditions . ' Waves of nine metres have been battering the ship for the past 24 hours . Carnival Cruise Liners in statement said : ` Guests and crew are safe and comfortable and the ship is continuing to offer a full program of on-board activities and entertainment while it waits for the harbour to re-open '