A mum is outraged after she claims her son was turned away from a Qantas flight due to his autism . Gizelle Laurente had booked her son , Jacob Prien , on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane yesterday , so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother . However , Ms Laurente feared Jacob 's dreams had been shattered , when she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline 's unaccompanied minors service . Gizelle Laurente said her son , Jacob , was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism . Gizelle Laurente , could n't afford to fly with him , said the captain of the flight came to meet Jacob at the boarding gate , according to the NT News . Ms Laurente said she then told the captain her son had been given a higher dose of his usual medication , which a doctor told her would help ensure he was calm throughout the flight . She also had a letter from her son 's paediatrician , but Jacob was not allowed to board the flight . When asked by a friend what sparked the outburst , she replied : ` Discriminated Jake . Wouldnt let him onboard because hes Autistic/Adhd . He had already taken his Ritalin which he is not required to take out of school hours or on weekends or on holidays . Its more for concentration . But administered it to make them Qantas happy but still not good enough . Cruel . So cruel . ' Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane so he could spend the Easter Weekend with his father and younger brother . Qantas said he was not able to fly because it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child . ` The pilot told me unless you buy a ticket and travel with your son he wo n't be flying , ' she said . ` I explained that I could n't afford a ticket and he said ` well I 'm sorry your son ca n't board ' . ` I was heartbroken for him , I just started crying . ' Ms Laurente later attacked the airline on her Facebook page , where she said it ` can suck a big fat one ' . ` The pilot told me unless you buy a ticket and travel with your son he wo n't be flying , ' Ms Laurente said . However , Qantas said it had not in any way discriminated against Ms Laurente and her son , and said Jacob was not allowed on the flight because he had not been cleared by their medical team . ` The health and safety of our passengers is our foremost concern at all times , ' a spokeswoman said in a statement . ` The crew sought professional medical advice and took the decision not to allow travel until further information about the condition could be gathered to make sure there was no risk to the passenger , ' Qantas said . Jacob was given the all-clear by Qantas , and on Friday morning he flew to Brisbane for the weekend . ` In this case , the crew sought professional medical advice and took the decision not to allow travel until further information about the condition could be gathered to make sure there was no risk to the passenger . ` The crew had the passenger 's best interests in mind and there was absolutely no intention to cause distress or discriminate in any way . ' Standard procedure for such flights is that medical documents , such as those presented by Ms Laurente , would be given to Qantas a few days in advance of the trip or when tickets are bought . Jacob was given the all-clear to travel today , and made it to Brisbane in time to spend the Easter Weekend with his dad .