Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture . A pioneering facial surgeon ` repeatedly ' punched a patient in the head in an ` extraordinary ' attempt to correct a fracture caused by an industrial accident , a medical tribunal has heard . Professor Ninian Peckitt , 63 , claimed he had simply ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face as part of hospital treatment , but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him , the tribunal was told . The world-renowned surgeon , who has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients and has been published in academic texts , faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients . A Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service hearing in Manchester was told a man referred to as Patient A had suffered ` extensive injuries ' to the right side of his face in an industrial accident . He was admitted to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 where Professor Peckitt was working as an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo-facial surgery since the previous month . Christopher Hamlet , representing the General Medical Council , told the hearing : ` The case is not centred around the outcome , but the method of the surgery by way of the extraordinary allegation that he repeatedly punched the patient in the face . ' He added that Patient A had fallen out of bed which had further displaced his facial fractures . The hearing was told Professor Peckitt embarked on a ` closed reduction ' procedure , in which a patient is given anaesthetic before the fractured bone is manually put back together without surgery , and a cast or splint applied . Mr Peckitt was working as an honorary locum at Ipswich Hospital in Suffolk at the time of the alleged incident in February 2012 . A medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register . Professor Peckitt , formerly of Doncaster , later described the procedure as one in which the patient 's face had been ` digitally manipulated as best they could be achieved ' , the hearing heard . It was also alleged he treated Patient A without seeking advice from colleagues . He quit his post at the hospital days later . He was also alleged to have failed to check the medical records of a second patient , Patient B , which led to him attempting an unnecessary procedure on her , and to have treated another , Patient C , for a complex facial deformity without seeking the advice of another surgeon . Professor Peckitt , who is now working in Dubai , has submitted emails in which he ` emphatically denies ' the allegations , and claims he has been ` victimised ' . ` In relation to Patient A , he says they simply did n't see any punching , ' Mr Hamlet said . Dr Timothy Mellor , an expert called for the GMC , prepared a report . ` He confirmed it is entirely inappropriate to try to reduce a fracture with external force alone or whether the punch was additional manipulation -- there is no basis you can reduce a fracture in that nature , ' Mr Hamlet said . The hearing continues .