The stage was set for the coronation of King Jimmy on Tuesday but West Indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne . The perfect script for this first Test saw Anderson taking the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in England 's history in his 100th game with record holder Sir Ian Botham here and waiting to crown his successor . But West Indies made Anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this crucial series . Certainly Anderson would not have expected to play a more significant role with bat than ball on the second day of this first Test as West Indies did much to make up for their profligacy in the last two sessions of the first . When Anderson , watched by his wife , two daughters and parents , strode out to bat England had lost five wickets for 20 runs and were in danger of wasting the initiative handed to them largely by Ian Bell 's century . But ` the Burnley Lara ' , of course , is a more than useful No 11 these days and came within 19 runs of a Test century at Trent Bridge last year , so it should not have been a surprise to see him sticking around with Chris Jordan . When the pair were separated after a last-wicket stand of 38 England had moved to within a run of the score of 400 that should have been their minimum target when they were well placed on 341 for four on the first evening . Then it was a question of whether this unassuming Lancastrian could move from 380 wickets to 384 and overtake Botham , who was on hand apparently with a nice bottle of red wine waiting to celebrate , at the top of England 's Test tree . Only it was not quite as simple as that . Modern Test pitches in the Caribbean are notoriously slow and turgid and it was never going to be a case of simply sitting back and waiting for a West Indian collapse . Jimmy Anderson -LRB- right -RRB- is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham 's England record . Ben Stokes was England 's first man to be dismissed on day two when he edged to Jason Holder in the slips . Jerome Taylor celebrates dismissing Stokes to take West Indies ' first wicket of the day in Antigua . James Tredwell edges a delivery from Holder behind as he is dismissed for eight . Anderson had surprisingly chosen to bowl from the Curtly Ambrose End where the strong cross-wind that blows across this ground would in theory assist in-swing more than his more dangerous out-swinger . But Anderson , who had led England out on to the field in his landmark Test , generally knows what he is doing and successfully targeted the outside edge of the left-handed Devon Smith 's bat with a beauty . It was to prove his only success of a frustrating day . Anderson could make no further inroads and was surprisingly limited to just four overs after tea as the other England bowlers were forced to share the load and three more wickets . Jordan had looked good in making an unbeaten 21 and now he was to again prove himself an all-round cricketer of rich but raw promise , taking the wicket of Darren Bravo and later claiming an outstanding diving slip catch off James Tredwell to send back his old Barbados schoolmate Kraigg Brathwaite . Stuart Broad , who has not been at his best since returning from injury at the World Cup , had earlier ended Marlon Samuels hopes of extending his purple patch against England and West Indies were on the back foot at 99 for four . Jos Buttler fell for a duck despite facing 22 deliveries on the second morning at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium . West Indies fast bowler celebrates after dismissing Buttler for a duck on day two of the first Test . Stuart Broad was England 's ninth wicket to fall before Anderson fell for 20 with the score on 399 . Anderson celebrates after seeing Devon Smith edge behind to Buttler to take England 's first wicket . Buttler makes the catch from Anderson 's bowling to dismiss Smith for 11 and leave West Indies 19 for one . Yet the evergreen Shiv Chanderpaul , who could easily have gone to his first ball , settled in to his old idiosyncratic routine and hung on to the close with the far less secure Jermaine Blackwood , who had a major escape when Stokes had him well caught at slip only to be denied because he had over-stepped . Stokes has previous in this regard , having been denied his maiden Test wicket in Adelaide when he snared Brad Haddin only to overstep again and there is simply no excuse to lose a wicket in this way . The Durham hot-head was clearly ticking afterwards and it can only be hoped that he did not encounter any lockers when he returned to the dressing room , having broken his wrist punching one in Barbados last year . West Indies finished on 155 for four having had the better of the second day and leaving England with much to do if they are to secure the win here that would be so important to them . West Indies were batting earlier than expected because of a poor performance from England in the morning as they replicated their struggles of the first session of the match and crumbled against good pace bowling . Chris Jordan celebrates after dismissing Darren Bravo , who edged behind to Buttler , for 10 . Broad celebrates dismissing Marlon Samuels for 33 to leave West Indies on 89 for three . Tredwell celebrates after seeing Jordan hold onto a catch at first slip to dismiss Kraigg Brathwaite . Stokes was perfectly placed to score his second Test hundred but once he had steered Jerome Taylor straight to gully England worryingly had no answer to what remains a more than useful West Indies pace trio . Most disturbing of all was the performance of Broad , who was once a good enough batsman to score a Test hundred at Lord 's against Pakistan . Now he looks a shadow of a player once thought of as a potential No 7 for England and again looked like he had been affected by being hit in the face by India 's Varun Aaron at Old Trafford last summer . Broad was honest enough to admit during the World Cup that he had had nightmares about the incident that left his nose broken but he was also confident that he was getting back to his best with the bat . It did not seem that way here as he ducked a couple of short balls from Kemar Roach and then , caught on the back foot , slapped a fuller ball to gully . When he fell and England had slumped to 361 for nine the Test was back in the balance but Anderson and Jordan kept England 's noses in front until the wait for Anderson 's big moment began . We are all still waiting . England , meanwhile , should confirm on Wednesday that Moeen Ali will join the squad in time for the second Test in Grenada after successfully coming through his return after injury with Worcestershire . It could mean that Adil Rashid , disappointing in the warm-up in St Kitts , is released to return to Yorkshire , who have been frustrated by the sight of four of their players being in the England party but not included in this first Test .