Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals , meaning Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp . Guardiola , who spent four trophy-filled years at Barcelona , took over at Bayern in 2013 . In the other semi-final , defending champion Real Madrid will face Juventus , with the Italian champions playing at home first . The four teams have combined to win the European Cup or Champions League 21 times , with 16 runner-up finishes , in the competition 's 60-year history . The first legs will be played on May 5-6 , with the return matches on May 12-13 . The final will be played on June 6 at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin . Here 's how the draw unfolded ... Host commentator . How about that , then ? Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp in the semi-finals with his Bayern Munich team . Many would have wanted this as the final . Personally , I think it 's much better that Pep goes back to Catalunya rather than a final at a neutral venue . Real Madrid vs Juventus is the other tie . The possibility of an El Clasico final and a second straight all Spanish final on June 6 is still there . That 's all from me this morning , though . Goodbye . BARCELONA vs BAYERN MUNICH . JUVENTUS vs REAL MADRID . Ties to be played on May 5/6 and May 12/13 . REAL MADRID . JUVENTUS . BAYERN MUNICH . BARCELONA . Napoli will play Dnipro and Sevilla will face Fiorentina in the semi-finals of the Europa League . That draw has just been made . Time for the main event , then . Do n't blink ... this will be quick . We 're all ready for the draw to to start then . UEFA will make the Europa League semi-final draw first . Join me HERE for live coverage of that before the main event shortly after . It 's been everything you 'd expect from Barcelona really . They topped their group ahead of PSG before Christmas and have made light work of Manchester City and the French champions in the knockout rounds . Whatsmore , they are starting to look like the team to beat around Europe again and that front three of Messi , Suarez and Neymar are awesome . PSG are the team who knocked Chelsea out , but Barcelona dismantled them 5-1 in the quarter-finals . It was all plain sailing for Pep Guardiola 's side , right up until their quarter-final tie with Porto that is . Bayern set off in their quest to regain the title they won at Wembley in 2013 by topping a tough Group E , which featured Manchester City , Roma and CSKA Moscow , with five wins out of six . They showed no signs of letting up in the last 16 as well , thrashing Shakhtar 7-0 at the Allianz Arena . But the last eight was a different story . Bayern fell to a shock 3-1 defeat in Porto in the first leg and needed something close to a miracle to go through . What they got was five goals in a sensational first half on their way to a 6-1 second leg victory . Today , they could be drawn against Real Madrid , as they were last year , or Pep Guardiola could return to the Nou Camp to take on Barcelona . Juventus are by far the least glamorous side left in this season 's Champions League . They are well on their way to another Serie A title , and their European campaign this season has been just as efficient if a tad unspectacular . Juve finished second in Group A behind Atletico Madrid , just edging Olympiacos into third place . But their 5-1 aggregate thrashing of Borussia Dortmund in the last 16 went under the radar , as did their 1-0 win over Arsenal 's conquerors Monaco in the previous round . Juventus are a team not used to losing many games , and will be a tough draw for either of the other three sides . It 's been a season of two halves for Real Madrid , and their path to the last four of the Champions League is a perfect reflection of that . The 2014 winners were an unstoppable force before Christmas and won 22 games in a row in all competitions , including all six matches in a group that featured Liverpool , Basle and Ludogorets . It 's been a different story in 2015 , though , and their progress through the knock-out rounds has been far from convincing . In the last 16 they were made to hang on by Schalke , who inflicted a shock 4-3 defeat at the Bernabeu after Real cruised into a 2-0 lead in the away leg . In the last round , an 88th-minute strike from Javier Hernandez was all that separated them and local rivals Atletico Madrid . With the La Liga title race firmly in Barcelona 's hands , Real will once again be looking to the Champions League for success this season . LAURIE WHITWELL : Sorry Pep , but Barcelona vs Real Madrid is the dream Champions League final . It 's a pretty tough question to answer ... so we picked the brains of our team of experts . As you can see , even our reporters ca n't even agree ... OUR REPORTERS HAVE THEIR SAY ON WHO WILL WIN THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE . Plenty of build-up to this morning 's draw on the front pages of the national press in both Spain and Italy . The feeling in Spain is that Juventus are the team to draw . AS have also listed the number of times each of these four teams have won the trophy - 21 cups between them from 37 finals . The Italian press seem to have a ` bring it on ' message for Juventus . They also look forward to Fiorentina and Napoli in the Europa League draw a little later . Ahead of today 's draw , our live football man Dan Ripley has compiled an ultimate lowdown on each of the four teams remaining in the draw . You 've still got time , so why not have a read ... As Real Madrid , Barcelona , Bayern Munich and Juventus meet in the Champions League semi-finals , Sportsmail gives you the lowdown on the final four . This morning , then , we will move one step closer to discovering our line-up for the final of this year 's Champions League final at Berlin 's Olympic Stadium on June 6 . The first leg of the semi-finals will take place on May 5/6 with the second leg a week later on May 12/13 and , regardless of today 's draw , we should have some intriguing scenarios . Will Suarez have to face either Chiellini or Evra again ? Will Pep come up against his former team ? Will Bayern face Real Madrid as they did last year ? Or will we have a home and away El Clasico tie to look forward to ? All will be revealed , I guess . Good morning everybody . I 'm sure you 'll agree it 's not a bad way to start a Friday by finding out the line-up for this year 's semi-finals of the Champions League . There may be no English involvement , but do n't let that get you down . Featured in this morning 's draw in Nyon are four European powerhouses Barcelona , Real Madrid , Bayern Munich and Juventus . The draw at UEFA 's HQ in Switzerland will take place in around an hour from now , but we 'll have plenty of build-up so do n't move your mouse .