Musical instruments , stage costumes and commemorative plaques belonging to the late singer Davy Jones are set to be sold off , it has been revealed . Dozens of items from the entertainer 's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York . Jones , best known for his work with the band The Monkees , died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 . Entertainer : Dozens of items belonging to Davy Jones , The Monkees singer , are to go on sale in New York . Fans of The Monkees will be able to bid for a number of framed pictures of the band in action . Memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the Recording Industry Association of America - one Gold and one Platinum for the album ` Then and Now ... The Best of the Monkees ' Memorabilia includes his plaque commemorating the installation of The Monkees ' star on Hollywood Boulevard , which could fetch up to $ 2,000 as well as his Carvin Acoustic Electric guitar which is expected to sell for up to $ 1,200 . Items also offered by Julien 's Auctions include stage costumes and a pair of record awards certified by the Recording Industry Association of America - one Gold and one Platinum for the album ` Then and Now ... The Best of the Monkees ' . Also included are a red director 's chair with ` The Monkees ' logo across the back , expected to fetch up to $ 400 , a collection of framed vintage posters featuring band members and Davy Jones driver 's license and wallet , which could sell for as much as $ 600 . Up for grabs : A red director 's chair with ` The Monkees ' logo across the back is expected to fetch up to $ 400 . Colourful : Some of the many stage outfits warn by Davy Jones will also be up for grabs at the auction next month . Music makers : Also upfor sale is a tambourine used by Jones and his bandmates Peter Tork , Micky Dolenz and Mike Nesmith . The collection includes a gold-coloured electric guitar -LRB- right -RRB- and Davy Jones 's plaque -LRB- left -RRB- commemorating the installation of The Monkees ' star on Hollywood Boulevard , which could fetch up to $ 2,000 . Monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment including guitars , an amplifier and a tambourine used by Jones and his bandmates Peter Tork , Micky Dolenz and Mike Nesmith . The Monkees were put together by music executives in 1966 to star in a TV comedy and to be the U.S. answer to The Beatles . The band , whose hits include Daydream Believer , I 'm A Believer and Last Train To Clarksville , proved a massive success in their own right , and even sold more records than the Beatles in 1967 . Jones , who was born in Manchester , England , became the band 's teen idol thanks to his Beatles-like appearance . The Monkees were put together by music executives in 1966 to star in a TV comedy and to be the U.S. answer to The Beatles . Some of the many items belonging to Davy Jones , including this blue shirt , will be sold off at an auction in New York 's Hard Rock Cafe . Monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment including guitars , cases and music stands . The band , which consisted of -LRB- L-R -RRB- Michael Nesmith , Peter Tork , Davy Jones and Micky Dolenz , proved a success in their own right and even sold more records than the Beatles in 1967 . His father had wanted him to become a jockey before he became a child star as the Artful Dodger in Oliver in the West End and Ena Sharples 's grandson in the long-running British soap opera Coronation Street . After the Monkees broke up , Jones split from his U.S. wife Linda Haines and returned to England where he married the artist Anita Pollinger . When they split in 1995 , he began breeding horses in Hampshire and racing as a jump jocket . He would later go on to live in Florida but suffered a heart attack while and died on February 29 2012 . The ` Property from the Estate of Davy Jones ' auction will take place on May 16 at 10 am .