Jason Cotterill , 42 , sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse . A jilted lover who sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex-partner to her daughter and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse has been jailed . Jason Cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end their relationship in October last year . A court heard he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page . Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes , Birmingham Magistrates ' Court heard . He and the victim had attended the same school when they were children but got back in contact through Facebook in 2013 . They met up for three dates between January and September 2013 but had sex on just one occasion . The court was told that the mother - a former sex worker - immediately regretted the liaison and told her lover she did not want to see him again . Soon afterwards she began receiving ` creepy ' messages from the defendant , saying he loved her and wanted to be with her . As a result , she ` unfriended ' him on Facebook and changed her mobile phone number . During the trial the woman told the court he set up 67 different Facebook in an attempt to contact her after she blocked him on the social networking site . She said : ` He started setting up different profiles on Facebook to send me messages . He also sent my family messages and my friends messages because he could n't get to me . ` I was very upset , it drove me insane , it made me depressed . I 'm on medication . ` His language was absolutely disgusting . He was asking me why I was n't playing any more , calling me names . ' The victim said Cotterill found pictures of her on the internet that he threatened to send to her family and friends . He sent more than one to her daughter , she said . Birmingham Magistrates ' Court heard he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on her Facebook page . Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes . In October last year , Cotterill sent the victim a link to an x-rated explicit video with a message that said : ` F**k it , I 'm going to have it as my profile picture ' . He also taunted the victim on Facebook , telling her : ` I am going to send some more pictures too because it 's fun lol . ' The 42-year-old was ` driven insane ' and suffered depression and panic attacks after Cotterill spent a year sending ` disgusting ' messages . David Houldcroft , defending , said Cotterill , who had two previous convictions for harassment , accepted sending the link and that it would have caused her upset . Cotterill , of Oldbury , was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment following a trial . As well as being jailed , he was also banned indefinitely from contacting his victim . ` He regrets that and understands that he has problems with relationships , ' Mr Houldcroft said . ` He suffers from depression and has alcohol issues . He recognises that he needs help . ' Cotterill , of Oldbury , was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment following a trial . As well as being jailed , he was also banned indefinitely from contacting his victim . District Judge David Robinson said : ` You harassed the complainant over a three-month period and used social networks constantly in a threatening manner to get her to re-engage with you . ` There are a number of aggravating features in this case . ` You sought to use dozens of Facebook profiles to get in touch with her , you also found a link to a pornographic site and made use of that . ` You either involved or threatened to involve others , sending the link to the woman 's friends and her sister , insinuating that her children might get to see the photos . ` You used the power you had over her by the knowledge of those photos . '