A Utah couple who had been married for 74 years died five hours apart . Madelyn Yensen , 94 , of Salt Lake City , died just after 4 pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm . Just after her mother died , Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news . ` I leaned over and whispered in his ear , `` Mom has passed , and she 's waiting for you in heaven , '' ' Bradford said . ` I think after that , he knew he had accomplished what he needed , and he felt that he could let go . ' Shortly after her visit on April 7 , Bradford 's father died of heart failure . Marcus Yensen , 95 -LRB- left -RRB- , and his wife Madelyn , 94 -LRB- right -RRB- , died within hours of each other earlier this month after a romance that started with a month of dating and continued through 74 years of marriage . Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband 's bedside and was holding his hand , according to KSL . The traumatic attack was the last time they saw each other . ` They were always together , and they were always very happy with each other , ' she said . Her father always insisted her mother should die at home with proper care , Bradford said . The two married on October 17 , 1940 , only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio . They had lived since 1949 in a quaint , brick home where they raised their three children and adopted a calico cat named Moonpie who had shown up repeatedly at their doorstep . The couple 's son , Byron Yensen , said that while it was painful to lose both parents in a single day , it was comforting to know they were n't apart from each other long . The couple live in the same brick house for more than 65 years . A funeral service for them will be held at their local church -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` It would have been very difficult for Mom or Dad to live without the other , ' he told the Deseret News . ` They really loved each other . ' ` He did n't want to die and leave her here . He wanted to take care of her , ' he added . A joint obituary for the couple said ` Being the gentlemen he always was , and showing the eternal love they had together , Marcus held the gates of heaven open so Madelyn could walk in first , then followed her ' . Marcus Yensen , who had been fighting heart problems for months before his death , was a World War II Navy veteran and Union Pacific Railroad engineer , while his wife was a homemaker . The couple renewed their vows last year on their anniversary . A funeral service will be held May 9 at St. Paul 's Episcopal Church in Salt Lake City .