A man who was lost at sea for 66 days , surviving on just fish and rainwater , has left hospital and is in surprisingly good health . Louis Jordan , 37 , who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina , suffered no sun damage , was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital , despite more than two months exposed to the elements . The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn . Scroll down for video . Louis Jordan , second from left , walks from the Coast Guard helicopter to the Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Norfolk , Virginia . He left hours later on Friday in good health . A pilot lifts him into the helicopter after 66 days stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina . A four-man helicopter team hoisted Jordan off the German vessel on Thursday . In interviews Friday at Coast Guard headquarters in Portsmouth , they said they did not see Jordan 's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea . By the time they picked him up -- about 5 p.m. Thursday -- Jordan had been on the German vessel for a few hours and had been able to take a shower and speak to his family , the guardsmen said . ` He walked over to me as soon as I landed on deck and had a small smile on his face , ' said Petty Officer 3rd Class Kyle McCollum , who had the first contact with Jordan . ` My initial impression of him was he was in pretty good health . ... We were expecting worse with blisters and severe sunburn and dehydration . ' ` He was in a fairly good condition for a guy that you would normally expect to see after 60-plus days offshore , ' added Lt. Jack Shadwick , the helicopter 's co-pilot . The crew of a German-flagged container ship found Jordan on his single-masted 35-foot boat Thursday afternoon , Coast Guard officials said . Medical officials said he suffered no dehydration , no significant sun damage and was in good health . Neither he nor the Coast Guard said exactly when Jordan 's vessel capsized . Jordan managed to catch and eat fish , according to the Coast Guard , and despite reports of a shoulder injury and dehydration , he arrived at a hospital in good condition and refused treatment , a facility spokesman said . Jordan said he initially did n't believe the container ship was real when he saw it . He said the ship 's crew did n't see him until he began waving his arms . Asked about his good condition , Jordan claims he tried to stay inside the boat and conserved as much energy as possible . During an interview with WAVY-TV , he said : ` Every day I was like , ` Please God , send me some rain , send me some water . ' ` I waved my hands real slowly , and that 's the signal ` I 'm in distress . Help me , '' he told WAVY . ` I blew my whistles . I had three whistles . They never heard them . I turned my American flag upside down and put that up . That says , `` Rescue me . '' Jordan had been living on his 1950s-era boat at a marina in Conway , South Carolina , near Myrtle Beach , until January , when he told his family he was going into open water to sail and fish , said his mother , Norma Davis . He set out January 23 , Coast Guard officials said , and had n't been heard from since . Jordan told WAVY that he was traveling north when his boat hit bad weather . He said he saw a wave crash into his window , and the boat eventually filled with water . Helicopter pilots were also surprised at his condition when they landed on his vessel . One said Jordan approached him with a smile on his face . In interviews Friday at Coast Guard headquarters in Portsmouth , the crew who recused Jordan -LRB- pictrued -RRB- said they did not see Jordan 's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea . He said he rationed his water to about a pint a day , but ` for such a long a time I was so thirsty . ' Jordan said that at one point he was flying through the air , and he thinks he broke his shoulder . McCollum , of the helicopter crew , said Jordan had slight bruising on his right clavicle , but it did n't appear serious : ` He was moving that arm so fluidly , without any skip and there was n't any sign of pain in his face as he was moving . ' On Jan. 29 , the Coast Guard in Miami was notified by his father , Frank Jordan , that he had n't seen or heard from his son in a week , agency spokeswoman Marilyn Fajardo said . Alerts were issued from New Jersey to Miami , according to the Coast Guard . Officials searched financial data to determine whether Jordan had come ashore without being noticed , but they found no such indication , Fajardo said . A search began Feb. 8 and lasted 10 days , the Coast Guard said . Some sailors reporting seeing Jordan 's boat , but no sightings were confirmed . The Coast Guard said Jordan did n't file a ` float plan , ' the nautical equivalent of a flight plan , with his route or destination . Jeff Weeks manages the Bucksport Plantation Marina , where Jordan docked his boat . ` He is somewhat of a person who stays to himself , ' Weeks said . ` I consider him a gentle giant with a good personality , but he likes to be self-sufficient . ` Here at the marina , he liked to catch most all of the food that he 'd eat . He would eat a lot of rice and fish . And he would know what berries and what mushrooms to pick . He was really knowledgeable on some survival skills . ' A rescuer is hoisted up to the helicopter after attaching Louis Jordan to the winch . Jordan appeared in good health when he was brought to shore . He spoke to the Today show on Friday , pictured , after he left hospital and said he did n't know if he 'd ever return to sea . As he walked from the Coast Guard helicopter to the Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Norfolk , Jordan had a slight grin on his face . Jordan is pictured on his 35-foot boat . It capsized at sea in January , causing the mast to snap off . Jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in Conway , South Carolina , before he told his family he was ` going into the open water ' to go fishing more than two months ago . A helicopter carrying Jordan arrives at Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Norfolk , Virginia on Thursday .