Lewis Hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday . The reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season , but his podium celebrations have drawn some criticism . A leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' , saying he should be forced to apologise for ` specially directing ' the bubbly into the woman 's face . Lewis Hamilton celebrates winning the Chinese Grand Prix by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne . The hostess looks less than impressed as she is sprayed with champagne on the podium in Shanghai . Roz Hardie , chief executive of Object , a campaign on media sexism and ` sex object culture ' , said : ` The photographs appear to show that the woman is not just being splashed , but that the champagne is being very specifically directed into her face , which does not look like a voluntary piece of horseplay on her part . ` If this if the case we think Lewis Hamilton should apologise for his actions and think carefully about how he behaves in the future . For most people , it would be apparent that she is not enjoying it . ` It is surely a very difficult position to be a grid girl and she would have had little option but to stand there and take it . That is something of which he should be aware . But instead , he appears to have abused her position . ` It 's unfortunate that a great victory has been marred by what appears to be selfish and inconsiderate behaviour . ' Hamilton 's celebrations have led to criticism of the two-time world champion . Hamilton controlled the contest in Shanghai to seal his second victory in three races this season . Hardie added that the episode highlighted the more general issue of women being viewed as sexual objects in the motoring world . She said : ` Motor racing appears to unnecessarily portray women as sexualised objects and that probably makes it even harder for the women to stand up for themselves . We would hope people in the industry would be respectful to these women . On Twitter , Hamilton was described as a ` bully ' and ` disgusting ' . Another user simply said : ` Man please stop spraying Champagne on the Podium Ladies . They do n't like it ' , while one outraged user said he was a ` scumbag - an embarrassment to UK ' . Another wrote : ` Have a bit more respect for the ladies please . Spraying Champagne in her face was out of order #child #idiot . ' Hamilton sprays a hostess after winning the Spanish Grand Prix in Catalunya last May . And one tweeted : ` Shame on you F1 and Lewis Hamilton for disgraceful treatment of women during champagne celebration #sexism . ' It is not the first time the racing icon has whipped out his victory move . He celebrated in a similar fashion after winning Spanish Grand Prix last year , which was his fourth consecutive win in a row and the one that finally put him on top of the driver 's standings . And although he lost the Austrian Grand Prix to teammate Nico Rosberg , he did n't shy away from popping the cork directly at a hostess . The 30-year-old was even asked to demonstrate his champagne skills on Graham Norton 's talk show in 2013 . But not everyone was offended by his behaviour . Many found his actions amusing , while another said : ` I can think of worse things to happen at work than getting sprayed in the face with champagne by @LewisHamilton . . Lighten up people ! ' Hamilton and his team-mate Nico Rosberg had a spat when the German said his team-mate slowed him down . Rosberg was unhappy as he felt that Hamilton backed him up into the reach of Sebastian Vettel .