Hulk Hogan 's ex-wife has listed her Simi Valley mansion in California for sale at $ 5.5 million . Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009 . Called Villa di Montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community . Scroll down for video . Hulk Hogan 's ex-wife Linda has listed her Simi Valley mansion in California for sale at $ 5.5 million . The property includes an award-winning swimming pool , complete with fountains , a waterfall and slide . Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009 . It enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course , surrounding mountains and the valley , reports the Tampa Bay Tribune . After buying the property , Linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coffered ceilings . Built in 2005 , the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths . After buying the property , Linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house , which has five bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms . Linda added stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coffered ceilings to the Tuscan-style mansion . One of the intricate bathrooms in the property , which was built in 2005 . Visitors enter the villa through a turret-shaped foyer that features an antique chandelier , while french doors open to a high-ceiling dining room and a courtyard . The master bedroom suite features a large balcony . A 1,200 sq ft guesthouse in the orchards has a full kitchen , a loft-style bedroom , a bathroom and a family room with the floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace . There is also an award-winning swimming pool , complete with fountains , waterfalls and a water slide . The estate 's master bedroom suite , which features a large balcony overlooking the sprawling property . Another bedroom in the house , styled in a red and white color scheme . The estate also includes an avocado orchard with 2,500 trees , a turret gym , a John Deere tractor , producing vineyards , plus a six-car detached garage and a helicopter landing area . There is also a one acre private lake with nature reserve . The lake is stocked with koi , catfish and turtles . ` Be king or queen of the hill at the spectacular Linda Hogan private gated celebrity compound at Wood Ranch in Simi Valley , ' reads the description on Zillow . French doors open to a high-ceiling dining room and a courtyard in the estate . A balcony on the estate features a stunning view of Simi Valley , tucked away 30 miles from downtown Los Angeles . Hogan , 55 , co-starred on the family reality show Hogan Knows Best and appeared on the spin-off show Brooke Knows Best , which followed her daughter . Hogan , 55 , co-starred on the family reality show Hogan Knows Best -LRB- 2005-07 -RRB- and appeared on the spin-off show Brooke Knows Best -LRB- 2008-09 -RRB- , which followed her daughter . Linda and Hulk Hogan were together for 25 years before their divorce in 2009 . In late 2011 , court papers revealed that she acquired more than 70 per cent of their liquid assets , plus a 40 percent ownership stake in his companies . After their divorce , Hulk Hogan , whose given name is Terry Bollea , sold the Belleair mansion he received in the settlement for $ 6.2 million . Linda and Hulk Hogan were together for 25 years before their divorce in 2009 . In late 2011 , court papers revealed that she acquired more than 70 per cent of their liquid assets , plus a 40 percent ownership stake in his companies . The mansion 's courtyard . The property also features an avocado orchard with 2,500 trees , a turret gym , a John Deere tractor , producing vineyards , plus a six-car detached garage and a helicopter landing area . The estate encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community .