These loving images show it really was in sickness and in health when this Chinese couple made their wedding vows 55 years ago . Devoted wife Wei Guiyi , 76 , has guided her blind hubby Huang Funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern China for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition . Despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis , the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day , the People 's Daily Online reports . Guiding hand : Wei Guiyi , 76 , guides her blind hubby Huang Funeng , 80 , every day using bamboo sticks . Now the story and images of the couple making their way around Donglan County in Guangxi province have been branded ` pictures of true love ' as they have been picked up on social media . Guiyi became the eyes for both of them when Huang was infected with a degenerative eye disease and lost his eyesight in 1985 . Huang now follows his hunchbacked wife around , clasping onto a bamboo shaft , as she takes him on daily errands to the shops . Inspiring : Wei Guiyi guides blind husband Huang Funeng through the streets of Donglan County using bamboo sticks . Devoted : Married couple Wei Guiyi and Huang Funeng do not let their ailments get in the way and help each other life a happy life together . They married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s but were never able to have children . On their wedding day , they promised each other that they would look out for each other for the remainder of their lives . Huang Funeng said to his wife : ` I am going to look after you for the rest of your life ' while she told him : ` I am going to depend on you forever . ' Now she describes everything she sees and encounters to him on their daily walks and and is in charge of everyday tasks like the shopping . She said : ` We are very happy and have a contented life . We will always be by each other 's side . ` I am his eyes and he is my everything ' .