British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney insists the association worked ` really hard ' to keep Aaron Cook on board - but the 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for Moldova at the 2016 Olympics . Dorset-born Cook who was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012 , applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici and has already received his passport from the small eastern European state . The British Olympic Association -LRB- BOA -RRB- announced on Thursday morning that they had ratified the 24-year-old 's move - issuing a statement to confirm the news . Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook 's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved . Three time European champion Aaron Cook -LRB- right -RRB- has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 . Cook has felt aggrieved at the decision to leave him out of the 2012 London Olympic squad . ` Following a request from taekwondo athlete Aaron Cook to change his sporting nationality from British to Moldovan , the British Olympic Association -LRB- BOA -RRB- today announced that Cook 's request has been approved , ' it read . ` The board of the British Olympic Association met on Monday 13 April 2015 to discuss Aaron Cook 's request to change his sporting nationality . ' There had been long-standing animosity from Cook towards GB Taekwondo after he felt he had been kept out of the squad for London 2012 because he had decided to quit the British programme in 2011 . Lutalo Muhammed was selected instead and won the bronze medal , but Sweeney says the door was open for Cook - who has instead opted to represent Moldova . ` We are very disappointed , ' the BOA chief executive told BBC Radio Five . ` He is world number one and Olympic-ranked number two . He is a great athlete ... and we are saddened to lose an athlete of that calibre who is British . ` For him to move from his country of birth and home nation to represent another country - we are disappointed . ` I can promise you we have been working really hard not only in recent months but for a long time now , both with Aaron and his representatives and British Taekwondo . It has been well documented that there have been some difficulties in that relationship that go back to pre-2012 . ` We have been looking to find a solution where we could broker that deal . We have worked hard to make sure there is a robust and fair selection policy in place . He was the name quota athlete to go to Baku European Games in June but in his mind he feels his best opportunity to get to the Olympic Games in 2016 is with another country . ' Cook , who fought for Team GB at Beijing 2008 , announced his intention to change nationality in a statement on Facebook at the start of April , saying : ` Although I am upset and disappointed I will not represent my country of birth at another major championships , I felt I had no other option . ` Having received no funding or support from the GB system and financing myself since June 2011 , this was not a situation that was acceptable to me and I did not want to put myself , family , friends , supporters or sport through the same situation we were forced to endure at the London 2012 Olympic Games . ' Jeremy Beard , the chairman of GB Taekwondo , said in a statement : ` Having secured his place at the upcoming European Games , we are naturally disappointed that Aaron Cook does not wish to represent Great Britain in Baku , nor at the Olympic Games in Rio . ` We have made exhaustive efforts to engage with him and his team for some time , but sadly it seems that he has made the decision that his future lies elsewhere and we wish him well . British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says there was nothing that could have stopped Cook switching . Cook competes against Mauro Sarmiento at the Olympic Games in Beijing in 2008 . Jamie Cunningham , Cook 's former agent , is pleased he has a pathway to the Olympic games . ` Our focus now is on providing the best support we can to the athletes striving to achieve medal success for Great Britain in Baku , at the upcoming World Championships in Russia next month and ultimately at the Olympic Games in 2016 . ' Cook has previously said he hopes to represent Moldova for the first time at the inaugural Baku European Games in June . His former agent , Jamie Cunningham , tweeted : ` Delighted @aaroncooktkd has clear route to #Rio @ & opp to show 2012 was personal . Pity that he wo n't be @TeamGB but ... #moveon #road2rio . '