It turns out it 's the little things that can really make Brits ' blood pressure levels soar . Running out of phone battery when out and about , lack of parking spaces and losing an important document are all among the most stressful everyday incidents that Brits encounter . But it seems we all need our kip , with half saying a sleepless night is the most stressful thing they experience on a daily basis . Scroll down for video . In a survey conducted by Direct Line , adults in the UK cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most . In a survey conducted by Direct Line , 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed . It seems Brits are all plagued by the same frustrations , and the incidents tend to be daily inconveniences . Not being able to sleep , losing your keys , and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining . In fact , sleepless night were the top occurrence , with almost half -LRB- 46 % -RRB- of Brits citing that this causes anxiety . Some of the statistics point at universally embarrassing situations that most people would have had to deal with at one point in time . Other stressful everyday emergencies included losing your keys -LRB- left -RRB- and being stuck in traffic when already late -LRB- right -RRB- . Other reasons for everyday anxiety for Brits linked to inconvenient situations , like realising there 's no toilet roll when already on the toilet . These include running out of toilet paper when already on the toilet -LRB- 30 % -RRB- and forgetting your bank card when paying for an item -LRB- 25 % -RRB- . Interestingly , several of the causes of worry directly stem from work-related situations . These include being stuck in traffic when already late -LRB- 35 % -RRB- , losing an important document -LRB- 33 % -RRB- and printer not working -LRB- 31 % -RRB- . 1 . Not being able to sleep -LRB- 46 per cent -RRB- . 2 . Losing your keys -LRB- 37 per cent -RRB- . 3 . Being stuck in traffic when already late -LRB- 35 per cent -RRB- . 4 . Losing an important paper or document -LRB- 33 per cent -RRB- . 5 . Nowhere to park -LRB- 32 per cent -RRB- . 6 . Printer not working when you need to print something -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- . 7 . Running out of battery on your phone whilst out -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- . 8 . Discovering you are out of toilet roll whilst on the loo -LRB- 30 per cent -RRB- . 9 . Dealing with machine operated customer service -LRB- 26 per cent -RRB- . 10 . Forgetting your bank card when paying for an item -LRB- 25 per cent -RRB- .