An Australian band has told fans ` stop listening to us altogether ' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent Bali Nine execution , after a series of heated exchanges over the weekend . Sydney electronic duo The Presets , made up of Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes , published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning , hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week . ` If you agree with murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c *** and can f *** off , ' one post read . Scroll down for video . Sydney duo The Presets , made up of Julian Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- and Kim Moyes -LRB- left -RRB- , published a series of posts on its Facebook page after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week . ` If you believe in state sanctioned murder , are against compassion and think you are above making mistakes ... please ... unfollow us , delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether . peace . ' The string of posts started shortly after 11 pm on Saturday night , when the band said it was ` thinking of Andrew Chan & Myuran Sukumaran and their families right now . ' Fans were divided on the posts , with some supporting the pair 's stance , while others criticised it . ` Such a sad situation , who really wins with this kind of `` justice '' ? Respect , boys x , ' one fan , Jacqui Holt said . One of the posts told fans who disagreed with the band 's stance to ` unfollow us , delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether ' ` If you agree with murder , lack and compassion and openly display those views ... f *** off , ' another read . The string of posts started shortly after 11 pm on Saturday night , when the band said it was ` thinking of Andrew Chan & Myuran Sukumaran and their families right now ' ` Stand up for what you believe guys ! You do n't care if you lose a fan . Shows such a strong moral compass . Gained a lot of respect from me today ! Always loved your music anyway , ' another , Eloïse Woods , said . Others accused the Sydney band of ignoring the potential dangers of drug smuggling . ` Just like the compassion those two idiots had when they threatened people to become their drug mules , who could have faced the death penalty.People who are now stuck 20 to life in a Balinese prison , who 's families have been torn apart and ruined live 's for good ... if they were n't caught , how many more people would they have threatened into doing this ? ' a post from Megzie Sparkle read . Kim Moyes explained the duo 's comments on Monday afternoon.I feel strongly about this issue but that 's still no excuse for getting personal ... SORRY , ' he wrote . The band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue , including those who did not agree . ` I can understand that people are pissed off for losing their suppliers , but this much , dont worry you will find someone else , ' another person , Mick Sweeney , posted . Kim Moyes explained the duo 's comments on Monday afternoon . I feel strongly about this issue but that 's still no excuse for getting personal ... SORRY , ' he wrote . Julian Hamilton of The Presets took part in a candle-lit vigil for Chan and Sukumaran , as part of The Mercy Campaign . The reaction from fans to the series of posts was divided . ` After a long deep breath here 's what I was trying to say under all that emotion : I personally believe that no Government should have the right to take away somebody 's life . ` I personally believe that State sanctioned killing almost never does any good and it often does great harm . ` I therefore think it 's nearly always a bad idea . Of course other people have the right to disagree -LRB- respectfully -RRB- with me about that , and I have the right to disagree -LRB- respectfully -RRB- with them too . ' Some fans supporters the band 's stance on the issue , and for standing up for their beliefs . The band explained it 's opinion in a lengthy post on Monday afternoon . The Presets ' frontman Julian Hamilton recently took part in a candle-lit vigil for Chan and Sukumaran , as part of The Mercy Campaign . It is believed Chan and Sukumaran will be executed in the early hours of Wednesday morning , Australian time . The date - April 29 - became official when a local funeral director in Cilacap , the nearest port to Nusakambangan , or Death Island , was instructed to inscribe the names of those to be shot by firing squad and the date of their deaths .