Manchester City Under 18s boss Jason Wilcox , whose side take on Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup Final on Monday , is aiming to emulate United 's famous Class of ' 92 . Wilcox , himself let go by his current employers as a teenager , could field a starting XI of players all born in Greater Manchester for the clash against the favoured opponents from west London . And , while it may be unlikely anyone will emulate a golden generation across town that yielded the likes of the Neville brothers , Paul Scholes , Nicky Butt , Ryan Giggs and David Beckham , the ex-Blackburn winger believes that is the target . Manchester City Under 18s manager Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team . Wilcox talks with Manchester City elite development squad coach Patrick Vieira . ` It could happen again but they were freak years , ' Wilcox said . ` You look at United as a one-off , Barcelona the same . ` Our job is to recruit local lads . If we can get a group of Manchester-born lads into the first team then that 's the ideal scenario . To do that is going to be really difficult but that 's the challenge . ' The first leg will take place under lights at the impressive , newly-opened 7,200-capacity stadium within the grounds of the £ 200m Etihad Campus , a sprawling complex aimed at kickstarting a conveyor belt of homegrown talent and defying those who claim the club have no interest nurturing growth from within . Wilcox believes those facilities , coupled with elite coaching , stand City in good stead when it comes to recruiting talent . Wilcox hopes to emulate Manchester United 's ` Class of 92 ' but says it will be very difficult . ` We do n't want local lads playing for Tottenham , Arsenal or Chelsea , ' he said . ` It 's up to us to make sure that , via the scouting , we have at least the opportunity of showing them our programme . I 'm convinced once they see us it 's very difficult to walk away from . ' Will the final , between two clubs often criticised for spending millions of foreign players , be a chance to stick two fingers up to Football Association chairman Greg Dyke , who a year ago described the lack of English talent at Manchester City as ` pretty depressing ' ? Wilcox does not want to get into that . ` There 's a lot of media attention from Greg Dyke with regards to increasing the home-grown quota , ' he said . Wilcox believes City 's new Etihad campus will stand club in good stead when it comes to recruiting youngsters . A look inside one of the gyms at Manchester City 's training complex . ` We ca n't get embroiled in that because , for us , it 's a day-to-day question of how do we improve players ? ` Proposals have already been put forward with regards to home-grown quotas . If he -LRB- Dyke -RRB- wants to increase it , then that is up to him . But whether you increase or lower the numbers , it does n't change the fact that you have to be good enough to get through . ' Wilcox knows all about being good enough to get through at a club where money is no object . The Bolton youngster , who joined Blackburn at 14 , was the only youth product to regularly appear in their Jack Walker-fuelled Premier League triumph in 1995 . ` When I was a young player at Blackburn Jack Walker came in and brought Kenny -LRB- Dalglish -RRB- , ' he said . Manchester City 's Isaac Buckley Ricketts -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates scoring during the semi-final against Leicester . ` You go two ways . Do I go elsewhere and take my chances or have I got stomach for fight and see what happens ? Luckily for me I was the only homegrown player which was a great privilege . Now I 'm passing my experience to younger ones . ' Wilcox 's arrival at Ewood Park came after rejection at none other than City . He remembers it well . ` I 'd joined City at 13 and got released at 14 , ' he recalled . ` It 's quite fitting really because when I 'm speaking to younger players I can always recall that chat if you like . I think at that time it was a case of I just got told that they were not going to retain me on a year 's contract . ` It was devastating at the time . Everything was going really well . But to be told that it is tough for a young kid . But I just recall my own experience whenever I have to tell the lads and have the younger age groups . You have to go through some period in your life like that where not everything is going to go fantastically well . ' Wilcox was one of the only graduate players to feature regularly for Blackburn during title-winning season . City manager Manuel Pellegrini will be at the Etihad Campus , as will England Under 21s chief Gareth Southgate . Things have not gone according to plan for the Chilean 's first team this season , but does Wilcox believe their struggles have increased the pressure on his youngsters to deliver the club 's only silverware this season ? ` Not really , ' he said . ` At the start of the year , irrespective of what was happening at first-team level , the FA Youth Cup was a chance for our players to be put in a situation where they are being put under a bit of pressure and I think it 's great that they are being put under a bit of pressure . ' Aided by Wilcox 's wise head , they appear to be thriving under it .