Comics at the BBC must go through a lengthy process to get some jokes on air because the Corporation is extra-wary about causing offence , an editor at the company has claimed . Chris Sussman , executive editor for comedy , revealed particular jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved . Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall - alongside editorial policy advisers , the channel and legal advisers - before they are aired , he said . Comics at the BBC must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air , including some being looked over by director general Lord Hall -LRB- left -RRB- , an editor at the company claimed . It is because the Corporation is extra-wary about causing offence - like in the Sachsgate scandal involving Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross -LRB- right -RRB- . The cautious attitude comes after a ` difficult few years ' , Mr Sussman added . Speaking at a Bafta event The Telegraph reported him saying : ` It 's been a difficult few years and I think that is reflected internally in terms of the processes and procedures we go through when we 're making programmes . ` To get a certain joke on air , to get a joke approved , we have to go through quite a lot of layers . ` Sometimes we 'll run something past at script stage , if we 're unsure . Most of the time it 's about `` here 's the show , have a look at it '' . ' The strict rules come after a ` difficult few years ' following the Sachsgate scandal , where Ross and Brand left lewd messages on Andrew Sachs ' -LRB- left -RRB- voicemail , Mr Sussman added . Comedian Frankie Boyle -LRB- right -RRB- has previously criticised the BBC about its cautious attitude towards comedy . Mr Sussman joined the Corporation after Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand caused outrage by broadcasting a series of answer phone messages they left with Andrew Sachs . The messages included lewd comments about Brand 's relationship with Sachs ' granddaughter , Georgina Baillie . Comedian Frankie Boyle has previously criticised the BBC about its cautious attitude towards comedy . He called the Trust cowardly for the broadcaster 's lack of political comedy in 2010 shortly after leaving Mock The Week . In an open letter Boyle added that the BBC wanted to ` deliver the flavour of political comedy with none of the content ' . John Lloyd , producer of Blackadder and Not the Nine O'Clock News , added that comedy that is not funny could ` sink the corporation ' .