A confident young fox picked the wrong foe to steal his lunch from . The animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in Furen in Japan . While the fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of crows , when a pair of eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle . Scroll down for video . A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch . The fox proudly holds the bone tight in its jaws as an eagle descends to challenge the animals over possession of the lunch . The large birds were photographed by Japanese businessman Sanin Alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox as he boldly grasps the bone in his jaws . At first the fox attempts to fight back , growling viciously at the advancing eagle . But as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight and realise he has possibly taken on more than he is capable of managing . The animal takes a tumble and lands on his head , losing the dispute over the bone . The Steller eagle advances , crowing at the fox as a warning to keep away from the bone , but the animal continues to keep trying . The result looks more desperate for the animal as a second eagle swoops in to challenge him over possession of the bone . The fox takes a tumble and appears to lose the fight for the bone as the two eagles circle him , eager to take back part of the deer carcass . Mr Alexander , of Nemuro in Japan , said : ` Two young Steller 's sea eagles and a group of crows were quarrelling which a red fox had also noticed . ' Steller sea eagles are large birds of prey which live in coastal areas of north eastern Asia . It usually preys on birds and fish but the deer bone would have been a particularly good catch for the two birds who are likely to have moved in land to feed . In winter the eagles , which are the heaviest in the world , will also frequent slaughterhouses to try and get hold of bits of offal . Both animals faced off to each other , with the small red fox growling viciously at the advancing Steller eagle , often found in Japan . In a contest that quickly turns to two , plus crows , against one , the fox is defeated and left to slink off in search of other discarded bones .