An 86-year-old Kansas City Chiefs superfan had one dying wish - to see her beloved team before taking her last breath . Great-great grandmother Betty Johnson of Missouri , a Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 , had said goodbye to everyone except for her team . But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery , and Johnson passed away shortly after , just as he was leaving , her family said . ` I believe she -LSB- was -RSB- holding on to say goodbye to her Chiefs , ' her daughter , Susan told KCTV5 . Scroll down for video . Betty Johnson , 86 , was a Kansas City Chiefs ticket holder since 1986 . A devoted fan , she was known as ` grandma ' by several players and received a kiss from wide receiver Dwayne Bowe every game -LRB- above -RRB- . As a devoted fan , Johnson , who was known as ` grandma ' by several current players , would sit front row on the 45-yard line during home games . Her presence at the games did not go unnoticed . Wide receiver Dwayne Bowe would kiss her at every game , and former return specialist and wide receiver Dante Hall took off his coat and gave it to her , Susan Johnson said . The last game the retired school bus driver saw was on November 30 when the Chiefs played the Denver Broncos . Last season , she attended every home game apart from three . Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery -LRB- above -RRB- visited Johnson on Thursday and shortly after the visit , she passed away . ` She is such a die-hard Chiefs fans and loves them so much , ' Susan Johnson told KCTV5 . ` Her Chiefs were more important to her than her home . ' Johnson actually lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for her Chiefs season tickets , according to KCTV5 . The ailing mother-of-five daughters had been in hospice care since April 7 , and her health had been deteriorating after breaking her hip in February . In a bid to get Johnson 's last request completed , her great granddaughter shared a photo of Bowe kissing her grandmother at a recent game on Twitter . Autumn Barricks wrote to the team on Twitter : ` My gma is the teams gma and she is on hospice : -lrb- I believe she is holding on to say goodbye to her chiefs . ' After users shared the picture of Bowe and Johnson together , as it went viral , word eventually reached the team which sent Lowery . Barricks wrote on April 17 : ` We did it !!! Thank you all for sharing and liking and retweeting ! ' The Chiefs Ambassadors shared on Twitter that Betty would be missed by Chief Kingdom . The post said : ` HOFer Nick Lowery visited w / longtime season ticket member Betty Johnson in her last moments . Chiefs Kingdom will miss you Betty . ' Following Lowery 's visit , the Chiefs shared a post on Twitter saying she would be missed . It said : ` Chiefs Kingdom will miss you Betty ' During Lowery 's visit , Barricks told KSHB the family said a prayer and as Lowery was going to leave they realized she had passed away . Barricks said : ` We sang a prayer , and he was going to leave , and we noticed that she was no longer breathing . ` We believe that she was just waiting to say goodbye to her Chiefs . ' During home games , Johnson would sit front row at the 45-yard line . She even lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for Chiefs season tickets -LRB- above the Chiefs playing the Oakland Raiders -RRB- .