Although invisibility suits and hover cars are yet to become a reality , it turns out we might be closer to the future than we think . Austrian designers , Maya Pindeus , 24 , and Johanna Pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up - by doing it for you . The device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete . Scroll down for video . There 's clearly still a few precision kinks with the Beautification machine created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer . A visitor lets the machine apply her red lipstick thanks to a crank which creates a circular rotation . The robot made its debut at the exhibition , Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015 , in France , and gallery visitors were in for a treat . The machine is composed of three components : a lipstick wheel , an eyeliner applicator , and a mask which illuminates when the ` beautification ' was complete . Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students ' art project entitled Beautification . When creating a device for such a personal ritual as applying make-up , anyone would think that the robots would favour precision and speed , but this was - hilariously - not the case . The beginning of the video shows the designers setting up and creating the machine 's frame which includes two magnified mirrors . Each device is fitted with chin rests in order to let the user know where to position their faces . Another girl has felt the wrath of the machine , which has dealt her face many random strokes of eyeliner . A gallery visitor rests her head on the chin rest , expecting eyeliner to be expertly applied . The eyeliner is fixed to a robotic arm , which moves the brush in a movement intended to mimic that of a hand , against the backdrop of a mirror with the motto , ` with determined brush strokes the cosmetic ritual takes its course ' inscribed into the glass . The lipstick wand is secured to a crank which rotates in small circles . Once each area has been completed , a mask threaded with LEDs lights up in the corresponding part of the female face . The video shows how it 's only when visitors begin trying out the make-up robot that they realise precision is not the machine 's greatest attribute . Each woman rests their chin on the chin-rest and the eyeliner brush is seen swiping wildly , leaving them with smears of kohl on their foreheads , eyelids and along the bridge of their nose . At one point the robot actually smears the eyeliner directly into a unsuspecting girl 's eye . The lipstick robot is slightly more successful than the eyeliner robot , as the user can control how much lipstick is applied . Next a woman trials the lipstick wand but the speedy circular rotation of the lipstick is n't well aligned to the natural shape of a pair of lips . The user is left with a circular smudge over her lips and chin . But Pindeus and Pichlbauer say the robots were n't intended to revolutionise make-up , explaining : ` We wanted to explore the relationship between humans and machines . ' The designers found the results of the art project were differed from their initial expectations . ` We expected the outcome to be threatening and a little creepy but instead we discovered a very affectionate side in our robot . One woman is waiting for her eyeliner to be applied , with her face directly aligned with the brush . She gets a shock when the eyeliner brush swipes directly into her eye . ` The interaction with our machine made people smile . Its tireless spins , the way it did n't quite succeed , it seemed to have its own ideas of what looked good in a human face . ' On their Tumblr page , the pair explain the inspiration for the project : ` Without us paying much attention , many processes and rituals in our lives have been taken over by machines which are said to be cold and unemotional . ' The designers added : ` Our machines , however , have their own will , their own ideals . We want to put users in the beauty care of robots , to experience what it feels like when delicate decisions that are usually made by themselves are now determined by machines . ' The third component of the make-up robots is a light mask -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which is meant to illuminate parts of the face it is satisfied with .