A biological father and daughter in an incestuous relationship have lost custody of their second baby after the first son , plagued with genetic problems , was also taken away . The baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in Oregon last year , . Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter , Chalena Mae Moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care , but their case was rejected , reports the Register Guard . The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon and Eric Lee Gates -LRB- right -RRB- and his adult daughter , Chalena Mae Moody , -LRB- left -RRB- had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care . In March , Moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars . Authorities say Moody and her father were living as a couple in Springfield , before moving to Klamath Falls and have had two children under two years of age . In March , Moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars . She also received 18 months probation . Gates , 49 , is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his probation by moving back in with Moody after he was originally convicted of incest in January . Gates was also ordered to pay restitution to the State of Oregon for the medical expenses of the two children . Gates and Moody are prohibited from contacting each other while on probation . Incest , even when both participants are adults , is a felony crime in Oregon . The pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero . Moody was married to another man at the time of the second child 's birth . The pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero . Moody -LRB- pictured -RRB- was married to another man at the time of the second child 's birth with her father . Genetic sexual attraction is a seldom-talked about phenomenon that frequently occurs between children and their long-lost parents . It describes feelings of intense intimacy between two relatives who have been separated during the critical years of development and bonding , and then meet for the first time as adults . Essentially strangers , when an adult-child and their biological parent finally meet , the brain struggles to associate each other as family . Instead , they become captivated with one another , sharing similar physical features , likes and dislikes , which is coupled with complex feelings of intimacy . This can lead both parties to express their emotions sexually . The phenomenon was first identified by Barbara Gonyo in the Eighties , after she a wrote book called I 'm His Mother , But He 's Not My Son , which recounted her personal story of reuniting with the son she placed for adoption at 16 . A sexual relationship with her son ensued , and Ms Gonyo says she fell in love - a byproduct of delayed bonding that normally takes place in infancy between new parents and their child , according to psychologists . Researchers believe that when family members grow up in close proximity , a inherent taboo is created through reverse sexual imprinting , which desensitises them to later sexual attraction . Called the Westermarck effect , researchers hypothesize it evolved so biological relatives would not inbreed . But according to DHS , both she and her father admitted that the two boys were their offspring . The appeals court opinion states the child born in 2013 has ` significant medical issues , including medical issues that are likely due to the close genetic relationship of his biological parents ' and there is a chance these are present in the newborn . According to the appeals court 's opinion , Moody previously gave birth to three other children , all of whom have been adopted . The pair had argued that the appeals court failed to establish that their relationship posed a risk to their child who is now four months . But the appeals court opinion states the reasons that the child was taken include the mother 's substance abuse and ` chaotic lifestyle ' the pair both led as well as Gates ' criminal past . Authorities say Gates was not Moody 's custodial parent during her childhood , as he served several stints in prison while she was growing up . According to authorities , neither Gates nor Moody knew they were related when a mutual friend introduced them and the pair began a relationship . Springfield police Detective Dave Lewis said Gates and Moody openly admitted to their consensual relationship , to being father-daughter and also conceiving children together . DNA tests were performed on the family , and it was determined that Gates and Moody were related and had children from an incestuous relationship , Lewis said . Oregon State law defines incest as when a person marries or engages in sexual intercourse or deviate sexual intercourse with another whom the person knows to be related to them , either legitimately or illegitimately , as an ancestor , descendant , brother or sister of either whole or half-blood . Incest is a Class C felony , punishable by up to five years in prison and $ 125,000 in fines .