A new species of monkey has been discovered after scientists learned to distinguish it by the appearance of its penis . The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps . The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area . Scroll down for video . The white-cheeked macaque , from Tibet , China , has a distinctive rounded penis compared to other macaques . Officially named Macaca leucogenys , it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face . Videos have also revealed that the animal has a distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in Tibet . Human males may be preoccupied by the size of their penis , but it is one of the largest in the primate kingdom . An evolutionary biologist has compared the sizes of genitals of humans to gorillas and apes to look at why there is such a discrepancy between the species . He concluded the human penis may have grown so long to make it more conspicuous to potential partners , or even as a way of cooling the body down . The relative size of the male reproductive organs across these species was discussed by evolutionary biologist Darren Curnoe in his latest ` How Did We Get Here ? ' video series for the University of New South Wales , Australia . Gorillas have small penises and small testicles , while chimps have medium-sized penises and large testicles . By comparison , human males have the longest penis and medium-sized testicles . ` Amazingly the size of the reproductive organs , especially the testicles , are a reflection of how the apes are organised socially , ' explained Professor Curnoe . ` Why the difference ? Well for the testicles it 's pretty straight forward . ` It all comes down to the amount of competition the chimps , and their sperm , have when they mate with females . ' But he said there was n't a discernible reason why there is so much variation in penis size between humans and great apes . Dr Pengfei Fan , one of the researchers who discovered the new species and a biologist at Dali University , Yunnan , in China , said the new macaque had long been misidentified as another species . He said that due to the remoteness of the location in Medog County of Tibet , few biologists had been there . He said : ` Medog County is surrounded by snow mountains and so far away from the centre of science . ` Furthermore , it locates in southeastern Tibet and close to McMahon line which is a political sensitive area . Very few have people studied primates there . ` This species has long been identified as Assamese macaque -LRB- Macaca assamensis -RRB- because no clear photos or good specimens are available . ' In an attempt to better study the animals living in the region , Cheng Li , a photographer with the Imaging Biodiversity Expedition in Beijing , set up camera traps in the area 's remote tropical and evergreen mountain forests . They captured 685 photos of macaques and Mr Li was also able to follow a group of macaques allowing him to obtain close up images . When the researchers , whose work is published in the American Journal of Primatology , examined the images they started to notice some monkeys that had different features . They the animals hd relatively short hairless tails and almost white hairs around their face . They also had long thick hairs on their neck . But the most distinctive feature was the creatures genitalia . Most macaques from that area have arrow shaped penises . However , Macaca leucogenys had far more rounded penis and a dark hairy scrotum . Scientists noticed some of the macaques captured on by the cameras looked different with shorter tails -LRB- like those above -RRB- and light coloured markings around their face , leading them to identify a new species of primate . The images above show the more usual ` arrow-shaped ' genitalia that macaques in the area have . Videos also revealed that Macaca leucogenys produced a far higher frequency squeal when threatened compared to the low pitched bark used by Macaca assamensis as an alarm call . Dr Fan said the species seemed to inhabit a diverse range of habitats and was found living in tropical forests at 1,395 metres , evergreen broad-leaved forests at 2,400 metres and a mixed broad leaf and conifer forest at 2,700 metres . However , the researchers , who also included Choa Zhao from the Southwest Forestry University in Kunming , China , warned that the new species may be under threat . They said : ` The white-cheeked macaque is threatened by illegal hunting and the construction of hydropower stations . The white cheeked macaque was discovered in the mountain forests of Medog in south east Tibet , China . The researchers say the whiskers on the side of the face of Macaca leucogenys become paler and more prominent with age . Infants can be seen in the images A and B while a juvenile is labelled C. Adult females are in the image D and adult males are seen on the far right of image E. Adults have few dark hairs on their faces . ` Discovery of this new primate species further highlights the high value for biodiversity conservation of southeastern Tibet and calls for more intensive surveys , studies , and environmental protection in this area . ' Dr Fan added that it was possible there could be other species of primate still to be discovered in the area . He said : ` This area has been little studied . ` Although primates have been intensively studied for decades , two new macaque species -LRB- Macaca munzala and M. leucogenys -RRB- were discovered and described in this area in the past 10 years . ` As for other species groups that received less attention , We believe there are still some species remain undiscovered . ` It is highly possible that some primate species still remain undiscovered . ' Adult Macaca leucogenys -LRB- above -RRB- have long hair on their muzzles simiarl to another species Macaca thibetana .