The Muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train said they intend to press charges over the verbal attack . Hafeez Bhatti , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , are a ` hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia . The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon . Stacey Eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as ` ISIS terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . Scroll down for video . Abused on the train : Young parents Hafeez Batthi , 33 , and his wife , Khalida , 26 , said they will be pressing charges on the woman who verbally attacked them on the train once she is identified . The abusive woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral . NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is ` definitely ' under way into Wednesday 's incident . Mr Bhatti said he will be preparing a statement for Queensland police so charges can be pressed as soon as the woman is identified . ` She touched my wife 's head , that is one issue that I will raise , ' he said during a 7:30 Report interview . ` Then she was verbally abusing my wife . ` That 's what I will ask , police to charge her once she will be identified . ' The ABC reported that the couple were still quite shaken up by the incident and have been extra cautious when they leave the house . ` We take very special care , especially when we have to go out , ' he said . ` I always look around that if somebody is noticing us . ` I should be very careful that no-one comes close to us or tries to hit us . ' While Mr Bhatti would like to put the negative experience behind him he said he has received several threats online . When Stacey Eden witnessed Mrs Bhatti being verbally abused on a Sydney train she quickly jumped to her defence telling the abuser to ` have some respect ' One comment from a Facebook profile called ` Christian Soldiers ' read : ' I am a Christian I met you , I would have killed you a terrorist . F ***** g Islamic Propaganda ' . Mr Bhatti said he woul n't ` engage ' in a conversation like that , instead deciding to show the comment to police . He said he has also faced criticism for not standing up for his wife , despite English not being his first language . ` People are saying I 'm not a brave man for not standing up for my wife , ' he said . ` In my local language , people are calling me a coward person . Mr Bhatti has faced criticism for not standing up for his wife but he said he wanted to show respect for the lady , even if she was mounting a verbal attack on the couple . ` I came to Australia but I do n't know how to speak English , if I could have speak up . ' Mr Bhatti said he did n't want to misrepresent his religion by reacting angrily to the abusive commuter . ` That was my respect for that old lady that I was n't engaging aggressively and with bad language , ' he said . ` I tried to educate her and at the same time I was calm . ' Friends of the Islamic couple painted a picture of them as ` committed ' members of the community in Brisbane . The family regularly attend the Holland Park mosque , community spokesman Ali Kadri said , and they are raising a newborn baby son , Mohammad , in the country which they are grateful to call home . Ms Eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ` all Muslims ISIS supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf . Rant : Video shows this woman launching into a fiery spray about Islam , bringing up beheadings and the marriage of children while berating a Muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf . Mr Bhatti said he was upset by the fact the abusive woman touched his wife 's head . Now , in an extraordinary act of gratitude , the Brisbane couple 's mosque in Holland Park has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night and to see their mosque . Ms Eden , a blood collector for a pathology company who was born and bred in Sydney 's eastern suburbs , said she was planning to consider the ` lovely ' offer after the overwhelming wave of international media attention passes . Mr Bhatti told Daily Mail Australia he was shocked by the ugly incident , which occurred on the Airport Line train around 1:40 pm on Wednesday . Hafeez Bhatti , who was racially abused along with his wife on a Sydney train , thanked the woman who stood up for them . ` She asked my wife why she was wearing a scarf when it was hot outside - when my wife answered her I thought the woman was asking to be friendly , ' Mr Bhatti said . ` Then she started saying Muslims like us are trying to conquer Australia and behead everyone here . We were absolutely shocked . ` It was just very disappointing . ' ` She said all Muslims should be kicked out of Australia - I tried to calm things down by telling her we love everyone , ' Mr Bhatti said . ` This sort of thing has happened before , but you try to ignore it and the ignorant people behind it ; there are lots of very good people in Australian and only a few bad ones , ' he said . ` God bless Stacey Eden who supported us . ' Mr Bhatti reached out to Ms Eden on his Facebook page after the story emerged . Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack , which was caught on camera , to come forward . Mr Bhatti posted the rant on his Facebook account with a special thanks to Stacey for supporting them that day . ` Stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... I generally believe that you and many other Australian do respect all religions , ' Mr Bhatti posted . In her recording of the incident , Ms Eden is heard fuming : ` She wears it -LRB- her hijab -RRB- for herself , OK ! ' ` She wears it because she wants to be modest with her body , not because of people like you who are going to sit there and disrespect her . ' Ms Eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ` all Muslims ISIS supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf . Ms Eden was not having a bar of it . ` That is not her doing it . That is a minority of people . Not a majority of people OK ? ` It does n't matter what they 're doing ... Have some respect , have some respect , ' she said , as the woman continued on her tirade . ` It does n't matter . It does n't matter . What 's that got to do with this poor lady ? What 's that got to do with her ? ' ` I missed my stop because I wanted to stay on and make sure they were OK , ' said Ms Eden , who was on her way home to Mascot .