The pizza delivery driver who is accused of stabbing and strangling his roommate then having sex with her corpse seemed to revel her talking about the pain he inflicted on her , prosecutors revealed today at the first day of his trial . Bryan Santana of Orlando , Florida , who is accused of killing Shelby Fazio and her dog last October , was described by prosecutors as ` delighting ' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman . ` He delights in every moment of telling explicitly what he had done to Shelby , ' Assistant State Attorney Mark Interlicchio told jurors during opening statements . Jurors also heard the after allegedly wrapping a belt around Fazio 's neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen , Santana then reportedly had sex with her corpse , killed and mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall . One of those messages read : ` I 'm not sorry for what I did . ' Scroll down for video . Bryan Santana -LRB- left -RRB- of Orlando , Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio -LRB- right -RRB- . He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing Fazio 's dog -LRB- above -RRB- , and using its blood to write messages on the wall . The Orlando Sentinel reports that jurors also heard that Santana even messaged a friend and forewarned what was to come , claiming he was going to ` gut ' someone , and then saying ; ` I have zero money to pay my $ 400 rent so I 'm going to do what I want . I will fulfill my deepest desires . ' Orange County Sheriff 's Deputy Charlie Murphy also took the stand on Wednesday , describing the grizzly scene he discovered when he arrived at the residence Fazio and Santana shared . ` I noticed a body laying on the ground , the door hit the left leg of the body , ' he said . ` She was naked . I remember she had a belt around her throat and some type of pen or pencil shoved into her neck . ' This came just days after Santana 's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself and tried to hit a corrections officer at the courthouse during opening statements in the case . ` He has now soiled himself and smeared himself in feces and smeared the wall , ' said Judge Renee Roache after the incident , according to WKMG . ` I 've ordered security to clean him up and bring him up here in full restraints . ' And while she allowed two doctors to examine the young man , she has made it clear that she has no time for this behavior . ` He certainly knows how to behave himself in the courtroom . He behaved himself very well yesterday . Now that the train is coming down the tracks at full speed , we are seeing some other behavior , ' she said . ` I will not tolerate disruption in this courtroom . If I have to gag him , I will . If I have to remove him I will . ' In earlier court documents , Santana confessed to the strangling , stabbing and sexual intercourse . He is now claiming he has multiple personalities , including one named ` Michael . ' In court documents , Santana -LRB- right -RRB- admitted to strangling and stabbing Fazio -LRB- left -RRB- , a Disney World employee , to death , and then having sex with her corpse . Fazio , 23 , had moved in with the young man to begin a job at Disney World . The two had a third roommate who Santana also allegedly tried to kill , and for which he faces an attempted murder charge . That roommate claims Santana pepper sprayed him and came at him with a knife . ` He came at me , pepper sprayed me , I tried to knock the knife out of his hand and was successful in doing that , ' said John Heermance . ` And then we wrestled in the living room area . ' Heermance then testified on Wednesday that at this point Santana told him to go into his room and everything would be fine . After the incident , Santana is believed to have taken Fazio 's car and tried to go to a Walmart to buy a toy gun in hopes that he would be shot dead if he pointed it at police , a jury heard . He also went and got a haircut . Friends say the young man no longer wanted to live . Laura Ramirez , a friend of Santana , said on the stand : ` He just said he was going to fulfill his fantasies . ' She then added : ` He said he was going to gut her . '