The mother of a high school student who has been prevented from attending classes as a consequence for not wearing the right style shoes has expressed her outrage over the ` ridiculous ' situation . Riley Filmer , 14 , turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College , in Melbourne 's south-east , only to be told that the black soft-leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards . The Year Eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day , and has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident , which her mother Anne Parker claims has disadvantaged and excluded her daughter . Riley Filmer , 14 , has been prevented from attending classes at her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines . The secondary school 's policy outlined in the 2015 Personal Learning Journal states that girls are to wear ` black leather lace-up school shoes -LRB- not fashion heels -RRB- ' for both summer and winter uniforms , a guideline which Ms Parker said Riley 's shoes meet . Ms Parker said that after going through five pairs of shoes in four school terms , she decided that her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs . ` Rain , hail , or shine Riley has to walk to catch the bus , and then switch to another bus to get to school because of my work , and so we decided to look into a different type of shoe than the ones we had been buying , ' Ms Parker told Daily Mail Australia . ` Is it that big a deal that my daughter has shoes they do n't care for ? Kids walk and skate , and catch a bus or a train , not every child gets driven to school . The rules need to cater for comfortable and practical shoes , ' she said . The rubber-soled soft leather lace-ups were pointed out by a teacher on the first day of term , and Riley was taken to the school 's office , where she was offered a pair of shoes from lost property , and remained until the end of the day . Ms Parker was not contacted to let her know that her daughter had been taken out of class , and said that she has had no contact with the principal of the school , Amadeo Ferra , despite Mr Ferra issuing a statement on Thursday reinforcing the uniform guidelines . The secondary school 's policy states that girls are to wear ` black leather lace-up school shoes -LRB- not fashion heels -RRB- ' , which Ms Parker said the shoes comply to . Ms Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs . ` I just ca n't make sense of this . They 've shifted the goal posts on what they are expecting of the uniform . When I spoke to the vice-principal yesterday I was told that her shoes are n't the type of shoes they 're looking for , even though they are black leather lace-ups , ' she said . Ms Parker was informed that the school was looking for shoes with more of a heel , but has been left baffled as to why her daughter is being punished for a non-existent rule . ` Why has she not been allowed to attend class while this grey area is being cleared up ? If I decided to pull her out of school for four days , I would be in trouble . But for some reason they can pull my daughter out of classes simply because they do n't like her shoes ' . The 14-year-old has not been allowed back into classes since Monday , which Ms Parker said has caused significant issues when it comes to her daughter completing her school work . ` The school said that she has n't been given an in-school suspension , but I do n't know how else to look at it . She ca n't go to class . What is that if not a suspension ? ' Ms Parker said . ` She has been allowed to approach each of her teachers at the beginning of the lesson to ask for work , and some have given her work , but some have n't , ' she said . ` It 's the start term and so she is really struggling to complete work because she 's not in class to have things explained to her . ' Ms Parker also said that she pointed out to the school that being unable to attend classes and prevented from joining in with her classmates was exclusion , which went against the school 's own policy . The school offered to buy Riley a pair of shoes which met the standards of the uniform policy , but Ms Parker said that she had declined the offer as she did not understand why her daughter was not able to wear comfortable shoes that she already owned . Ms Parker said that her daughter was being excluded from classes , which breached McClelland College 's own policy on bullying and harassment . McClelland College 's principal Amadeo Ferra said that the school was sticking by the uniform policy . Mr Ferra released a statement on Thursday addressing the issue . ` Our students are expected to wear black leather lace-up shoes . Shoes with a flat sole -- ` skate-style shoes ' -- are not acceptable , ' Mr Ferra said . ` We have done everything to assist the family concerned , including offering the student a pair of appropriate shoes , ' he said . ` We still expect the student to wear the appropriate shoes but will be ensuring she receives regular classroom teaching , which is what we have always wanted , ' reported The Herald Sun . Mr Ferra said that McClelland College 's uniform policy was set by the school council , and involved consultation with the school community . Ms Parker said that she was disappointed and frustrated with the school , and could n't understand why her daughter 's shoes were drawing so much attention when the school had much larger issues . ` I had another parent say to me that she could n't believe they were worried about school shoes when there are students walking around the local shops in school hours , ' she said . ` Other parents have thanked me for sticking up for the kids and not letting the issue be swept under the carpet . ' ` It seems trivial and sad when we look at what 's going on in society and with kids these days . I just find it ridiculous ' . Ms Parker has contacted her local MP , and has also submitted a complaint with the Victorian Board of Education , and hopes to get a response within the next two days . McClelland College has been contacted for comment .