A 19-year-old model in California has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate -- and bizarre -- attempt to maintain her youthful appearance -- despite the fact that she is a vegetarian . In the latest episode of MTV 's True Life , entitled ` I 'm Obsessed With Staying Young ' , freelance model Chanel details her unique skincare method , which she tries to justify by claiming that ` thousands of years ago people did this and it worked ' . ` My greatest fear is getting old and developing wrinkles and extra loose skin , ' Chanel says . ` So to prevent that from happening I must do whatever it takes . ' Scroll down for video . Model of insecurity : 19-year-old Chanel says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks . ` I ca n't stop ' : Chanel -LRB- L -RRB- picks up the blood from a local butcher . Chanel insists that , despite her young age , she is already starting to show signs of aging , which she is convinced will soon put a stop to her modeling career altogether . Her desperation to remain looking as young as possible for as long as possible has driven Chanel to a number of extraordinary lengths , most notably covering her body in animal blood , a process she insists will ` keep the skin looking soft and tight ' . Her family , skeptical of the benefits ask for proof , but Chanel is unable to offer anything which backs up her bizarre claims . The model also shows off a myriad of other ` beauty fixes ' she uses , including a daily shot of garlic powder , balsamic vinaigrette , sage , and olive oil - which she claims helps to ` preserve your body ' - as well as a skincare regimen that involves washing her face eight to ten times per day . She also claims to have eaten placenta , gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young . In the thick of it : Chanel seems unperturbed by the process , dunking her hand into the container of blood and examining the contents before pouring it on to herself . Bloody bizarre : The teenager picked up the blood at a local butcher who asked her if she would prefer pork or beef , to which she replies , ` I do n't eat meat ' The teen 's grandmother , Lois , tries her best to dissuade Chanel of her latest endeavor , saying she could be risking her well being . ` I 'm sorry my grandmother is worried about my health , ' says Chanel . ` But now that I 'm this close to my blood bath , I ca n't stop . ' After picking up the pig 's blood from a butcher in a large bucket , Chanel climbs into the tub wearing only her underwear and begins pouring the thick , red liquid all over her body . The model , who claims to be a vegetarian , describes how ` even the roughest parts of the body like the elbows feel soft , and I think I owe that to the blood ' . Later in the episode , Chanel claims that though she believes the blood bath helped her self-esteem , she ` has no desire to do it again ' . Luckily for Chanel , the experience of filming with MTV seems to have had a positive outcome . As she reveals in a follow up q & a with the channel , she was ` humbled ' by the reactions she received . ` I never believed I was that off my rocker , ' she adds . ` I think I owe that to the blood ' : The teenager describes feeling her skin become softer as she soaks in the blood . Other blood bathers : The infamous Countess Elisabeth Bathory was said to have bathed in the blood of virgins to stay young , and the benefits of its use are still championed today by the likes of Kim Kardashian . Although the benefits are not proven , the concept of using blood as a beauty product is far from new . The idea of bathing in blood for youth may have originated with the story of Elisabeth Bathory , a Hungarian Countess who was alleged to have murdered hundreds of young women around the turn of the 16th century . Folklore says that she bathed in the blood of virgins to maintain her youth . Fast-forward to more recent - and less murderous - applications , Kim Kardashian 's ` vampire facial ' went through a surge in popularity in 2013 after the reality star posted a photo of herself receiving the treatment , which involves drawing a person 's own blood , separating the platelets and then injecting it back into the patient 's face . A similar new beauty craze involved using a patient 's own blood to create a beauty cream , which was recently offered to patrons at the Dorchester Hotel in London .