New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton swooned over the ` boy band ' of four Swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in The Big Apple this week , complimenting their use of safe and effective restraint tactics . Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell , Markus Asberg , Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday . A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media , gaining them attention from hoards of fans , both male and female . Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes . Scroll down for video . Giving thanks : New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton -LRB- center -RRB- thanked four Swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in The Big Apple this week . ` I would like to acknowledge them . There 's been a lot of attention paid to them , appropriately so , over the last day or so : a New York Post story and some other coverage , ' Bratton said on Friday . ` Gentlemen , thank you very , very much . You did a great honor to yourselves , certainly to your police service and to your country . We appreciate all the help we can get , ' he said . ` Here as tourists , they stepped up , ' he added . The New York Post reports that the techniques employed by the Swedish men are in line with what the NYPD teaches their police officers . The physical force they employed is not intended to hurt the individual they are restraining and is still very effective . ` I was noticing that the moves that they made are very much the same moves that we now teach our young people at the academy in terms of how to take people down in a way trying to ensure that they 're not injured during that apprehension , ' Bratton said with pride . Bratton presented the men with medallions . When the four men return to Sweden they will be awarded at a lunch with Sweden 's minister for home affairs Anders Ygema . ` The minister has invited the police officers to the government office for lunch once they get back to Sweden , ' spokesman Fredrik Persson said . Earlier this week officer Asberg said what he and his friends did was ` no big deal . ' Bratton disagrees with him and commends their actions . ' -LSB- They -RSB- found themselves involved a situation on the subway where they activated themselves as police officers , ' Bratton said . ' We very much appreciate that , ' he said . ` We 're no heroes , just tourists ' : The Swedish cops -LRB- pictured left to right -RRB- Erik Näslund , 26 , Samuel Kvarzell , 25 , Makrus Åsberg , 25 , and Eric Jansberger , 28 , said they were just answering the call of duty . The Swedish friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway on Wednesday , DNA Info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . ` We came here for vacation . We 've been here one day . We 're no heroes , just tourists , ' Makrus Åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala , Sweden , told the New York Post . Mr Asberg , along with Erik Naslund , Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger , subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train . The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive , the Post reports . Video from the incident shows Kvarzell and Asberg holding the suspect down and trying to calm him down as he screams . ` I ca n't breath ! I ca n't breath ! ' he screams . ` Take it easy , just calm down , ' Asberg tells him . The friends sprang into action after a frantic conductor yelled over the intercom : ` Are there any police officers on the train ? ' As the train pulled into the Bleeker Street station , the Nordic lawmen found a homeless man pummeling another rider in the next car . Three of the Swedes tended to the aggressor -LRB- background -RRB- and held him for police , while the fourth stayed with the victim , who had been badly beaten in the fight . The Nordic tourists kept both men calm until NYPD cops showed up to sort out the scene . The victim had a bloody mouth and seemed to be badly beaten and was not defending himself the Swedes told the Post . One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock , while two others held him down to the floor of the train . ` One of the guys tried to wrestle us so -LSB- we -RSB- wrestled him to the floor until the police came , ' Kvarzell , 25 , who is also an officer , told DNA Info . ` We do n't have authority or anything but we thought somebody might need help , ' he said . When NYPD officers showed up , they took custody of the aggressor and the four tourists went on their way to Les Misérables . Markus Asberg -LRB- left -RRB- and Samuel Kvarzell -LRB- right -RRB- stepped in to stop a brutal beating on a New York subway train along with two other friends , all of whom are police officers in their native Sweden . Eric Jansberger -LRB- left -RRB- and Erik Naslund -LRB- right -RRB- had only just arrived in New York and were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they answered the call of duty .