A widower was miraculously reunited with his dog on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday . Sadly , owner Clem Schultz 's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast . Schultz thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker , police called Schultz and reported the sighting . Scroll down for video . Reunion : Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine . Destroyed : Debris and carnage lay around the morning after a tornado struck the town of Fairdale , Illinois . NBC reports that Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her . When Missy first disappeared the family created a Facebook page called , ` The Search for Missy . ' ` I want to thank everyone that shared the posts about Missy . We are all happy she is home ! Bless you all and we are all forever grateful for your help ! Thank you all for your help in the search for Missy , ' the family wrote in an update on Saturday . Missy was luckily found by her family , but not all pets in the storm were granted the same fate . People who are still hunting for their missing pets can post to the Facebook page ` Fairdale and Rochelle Illinois Pet Recovery ' or call The National Disaster Animal Response and Recovery Teams -LRB- NDARRT -RRB- in DeKalb . Beloved pet : Clem Schultz never imagined he would be reunited with Missy have losing his love to the storm . Decimated : Two died in the storm that overturned cars and ruined home on Friday . Fox reports that the storm destroyed homes and took two lives . ` I look out my bedroom window and there 's this tornado and it 's looking right back in the window at me , ' said Schultz . As Clem Schultz left his destroyed home on Thursday , he made the heartbreaking discovery his wife did not survive . ` He said do n't look down . I said , why ? He said because that 's Gerry , your wife , she 's dead ... and she was , ' said Schultz . ` I felt for a pulse and there was no pulse , ' Clem Schultz told The Chicago Tribune . ` The propane was hissing and they wanted to get me out of there before something blew up . I had to leave her behind but I knew there was n't anything I could do for her . ' Schultz said his wife was a ` very strong woman . ' Their neighbor Jacklyn Klosa also died . Geri and Jacklyn Klosa , 69 , were close friends who were nearly inseparable , Schultz said . With family again : Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan -LRB- pictured -RRB- before they were able to catch up with her .