Rain , wind and a bone-chilling cold confronted all the runners of Monday 's Boston Marathon . But after 20 grueling hours on the course , Maickel Melamed overcame another obstacle - a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move - to finally cross the finish line . Melamed , 39 , may have come in last place in the 26.2-mile race , but his story touched a city now famous for its own iron-clad will after the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013 . Scroll down for video . Maickel Melamed , 39 , crossed the Boston Marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold . Melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk , but he did n't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5 am Tuesday morning . ` After 20 hours of rain , wind and cold , Boston is still strong , ' the Venezuelan athlete said on Tuesday as he was honored at City Hall . ` The whole city has been so helpful and loving . The message here is that love is so much stronger than death . It was an honor to run the streets of this city . ' Melamed walked the race with Vamos , a volunteer team from Caracas , as well as his physical trainers and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5 am Tuesday morning . The athlete , who has completed four other marathons , said Boston 's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24 , but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going . ` I 'd rest 10 seconds , then take four to six steps , ' Melamed said . ` It was a real exciting way to finish . ' When Melamed needed to rest , collapsing into his group 's arms , they would push him back up and count his every step , according to CBS Boston . The athlete , who has completed four other marathons , said Boston 's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24 , but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going . Boston Mayor Marty Walsh presented a medal to Melamed and called his story ` truly one of inspiration ' And as the inspirational athlete inched closer and closer to the finish line , his supporters were cheering him on and yelling ` Si se puede , si se puede ! ' , which is Spanish for ` yes , we can ! ' It was Melamed 's desire to prove to others that they could achieve their dreams that kept him going . ` You have to know why you 're doing it , because in the last mile , the marathon will ask you if you have a reason , and if you do n't have it , you will quit , ' he told MassLive.com . ` Raise the bar of your own expectations for yourself . Human power is infinite . ' There was a special reason why Melamed , who has completed races in Chicago , New York , Berlin and Tokyo , decided Boston would be the location of his last marathon . It was at Boston Children 's Hospital that Melamed , who was only given seven days to live when he was born , had a life-saving operation . Now the athlete , who has also parachuted , paraglided and climbed Venezuela 's highest mountain , must retire his running shoes because of the races ' physical toll . But his story , which Boston Mayor Marty Walsh called ` truly one of inspiration , ' will continue racing on .