Kanye West has revealed that he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group The Illuminati , in an essay that he penned for Paper magazine 's American Dream issue . Less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the magazine , the 37-year-old rapper stars on Paper 's latest cover , donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for Adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter North 's nickname , Nori . In the April issue , Kanye explained his ` world dream ' and noted that if there was an actual Illuminati , ` it would be more like the energy companies ' - not Hollywood stars . ` I am tired of people pinpointing musicians as the Illuminati . That 's ridiculous , ' he said . ` We do n't run anything ; we 're celebrities . We 're the face of brands . ' Scroll down for video . American icon : Kanye West covers Paper magazine 's April issue - less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the glossy . Close up : Kanye penned an essay for the magazine , in which he discussed his ` world dream ' After it was announced last month that Kanye , Madonna , Beyonce and other famous musicians were all co-owners of Jay Z 's new Tidal streaming service , rumors began to swirl online that everyone involved in the project is a member of the the top-secret Illuminati , but Kanye noted that musicians do n't have that kind of power . He explained that celebrities do n't even get the freedom to say and do exactly what they want , let alone ` run anything ' : ` We have to compromise what we say in lyrics so we do n't lose money on a contract . ` Madonna is in her 50s and gave everything she had to go up on an award show and get choked by her cape , ' Kanye added , referencing Madonna 's recent fall at the Brit Awards in February . He went on to say that the 56-year-old legend even gets ` judged for who she adopts ' , adding : ` F *** all of this sensationalism . ' On the subject of children , the rapper said we should be thankful that we can raise kids , before noting that we should be trying to bring them up in a ` truthful world ' , not one that is ` based on brand and concepts of perception ' . Star style : The 37-year-old rapper modeled a Kanye West x Adidas Originals shirt and vintage military pants for the photoshoot . Proud dad : The father also wore a necklace featuring his daughter North 's nickname , Nori . Sunny day : Kanye put his had down as he posed in a field of wildflowers . ` When I look in North 's eyes , I 'm happy about every mistake I 've ever made , ' the father-of-one said . ` I 'm happy that I fought to bring some type of reality to this world we choose to stay in right now , driven by brands and corporations . ' In addition to striving to bring reality to the world , Kanye said that he is a proponent of people following their dreams , advocating that a ` little self-belief can go a long way ' . ` I think the scariest thing about me is the fact that I just believe , ' he said . ` I believe awesome is possible and I believe that beauty is important . ' And while Kanye said that beauty is ` undermined by our current corporate culture ' , he added that he also sees money as something that is ` equally important ' - even though ` artists have been brainwashed to look at it as a bad thing ' . Mentoring younger artists , such as Drake , a $ AP Rocky , Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift , is of the utmost importance to Kanye because he said it will help ` make better music in the future ' . Turn around : The musician was also photographed with his back to the camera . True artist : Kanye showed his Kanye West x Adidas Originals Fall 2015 collection -LRB- pictured -RRB- at New York Fashion Week in February . Fatherly love : Kanye said that when he looks into his daughter North 's eyes -LRB- pictured -RRB- he is ` happy about every mistake ' he has ever made . ` It 's funny that I worked at the Gap in high school , because in my past 15 years it seems like that 's the place I stood in my creative path - to be the gap , the bridge , ' he said . Kanye also candidly discussed the fashion industry , saying that while he was grateful that his collection for Adidas - which was shown at New York Fashion Week in February - was ` accepted positively ' , he found an article that asked : `` Should Kanye leave fashion to the professionals ? ' to be posing an ` ignorant ' question . ` The second I sell my first T-shirt or my first shoe , does n't that make me a professional ? ' he asked before saying he finds it ` funny to be so famous and noted for one thing , and to have so many people try to box you out of another form of art . ' When it comes to his love of fashion , Kanye explained he wants to be as close to as a kid as possible , because when children say that they like something , they are n't looking for a ` thumbs up ' or a ` thumbs down ' , they are just sharing their admiration . ` Fashion is something that 's in my heart to do - in my spirit , ' he said . ` There 's no world that can stop me from what I love . Not the rap world , not the fashion world , not the real world . ' High-profile couple : Kanye and his wife Kim Kardashian can be seen arriving at Montaigne Market 's store in Paris last week . Alexander Wang suede Antonia sandals in Olive . Buy now at Bergdorf Goodman ! Visit site . Kim Kardashian is getting a lot of good use out of her Alexander Wang sandals as she makes her way across Western Asia and Europe . This is the third time they made an appearance during her trip and for this occasion she paired them with a matching coat over a bra and pencil skirt set . This simple single strap sandal is made with soft suede and it 's sleek design allows it to pair with anything . Go for Kim 's ultra glam look or style them with a khaki midi skirt and white crop top for a polished safari inspired look . They 're just perfect for summer and what other better neutral color than olive to show off a great pedicure and a tan . The Antonia is a worthy investment at $ 495 , since it 's been a classic part of the Alexander Wang 's shoe collection for years -LRB- he issues seasonal colors like royal blue , beige and pink -RRB- but if it 's a bit too pricey for you , we 've found some fabulous similar looking sandals . Check them out below . Missguided barely there sandals in khaki . Visit site . Tory Burch classic strap 85 mm sandal at Zappos . Visit site . Stuart Weitzman Nunaked sandal in olive . Visit site . Steven Rykie sandal in mint at Zappos . Visit site . Family legacy : Kim tried to ` break the internet ' with her racy Paper magazine cover last November .