Two teenage girls were savagely beaten by a crowd of people , including parents and other adults , in a New Jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue . Destiny Cooke , 16 , and Lajahia Cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob , who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in Trenton . Lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches . Scroll down for video . Sisters Destiny Cooke , 16 , and Lajahia Cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shovedy a crowd of people , including grown adults and parents , in a park in Trenton , New Jersey . People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting ` they gettin ' busy ! ' or ` let her get her ! ' And Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair . Throughout the video various people hold the girls down so that others can punch them over and over again . One guy can be heard gleefully screaming ` they gettin ' busy ! ' At one point , according to ABC 7 , someone tries to break up the fight but an adult is determined to let it continue , screaming ` let her get her ! ' But perhaps the most disturbing part of the video is when , while Destiny is on the ground , her skirt rides up and men proceed to laugh and take pictures , one even exclaiming ` somebody smack that ! ' Destiny said she was play fighting with her friend at the park on a nice day during spring break last Monday before the riot broke out . She said people saw her and her friend and got the wrong idea . They came back with a crowd of people who , she said , were looking for a fight . When Lajahia tried to step in and help Destiny , all hell broke loose . ` It just escalated from there , ' Destiny told NJ.com . ` Just like a riot broke out , they just started hitting us . ' Destiny said she called her mother and asked her to pick the girls , telling her there were ` grown women ' walking up to the sisters . That 's when then the 16-year-old first got hit , causing her to drop her phone . ` I just had to defend myself , ' she told MY 9 NJ . The girls said they saw multiple police cars at the park as they left . Destiny said no one got out to offer the girls any help , even as Destiny 's nose was bleeding . Destiny -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been left with a bald spot after people pulled on her hair throughout the fight . Lajahia said one girl ripped an earring out of her ear , and then the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches . ` They just stayed in their cars and just looked at us , ' Destiny said . ` I just felt like we were out there by ourselves and there were people stomping us on our head , ' she told NJ.com . ` Nobody was out there trying to help us - nobody . ' According to police spokesman Lt. Stephen Varn , patrol officers received a 911 call for a reported street fight . Two patrol units arrived at the scene of the brawl and reported that no other police officers were needed . Trenton Mayor Eric Jackson released a statement saying he was angered ` by the lack of good Samaritans who should have stepped forward to come to the aid of these victims ' . A park ranger has since been installed to monitor Greg Grant Park . Police Captain Eddie Gonzalez called the video ` sickening ' and said the department had identified ` a number of individuals that were a part of this ' . ` We will take swift action with them very , very shortly , ' he said . ` Warrants will be issued in the very near future . ' Destiny said police just ` stayed in their cars ' and stared as she and her sister Lajahia -LRB- pictured -RRB- left the park after being brutally beaten .