Those who wore it risked being called a ` mushroom head ' by the less fashion forward at school but that has n't prevented the bowl cut from making an unlikely comeback . The statement Nineties chop , made famous by Jim Carrey 's Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years - from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus - and is spreading like wildfire among hipsters . One chain of British barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut , with men queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip . The statement 90s chop , made famous by by Jim Carrey 's Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber -LRB- right -RRB- , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years , including Robert Pattinson -LRB- left -RRB- . ` We have been really surprised by the popularity of the bowl cut , ' admits Headcase director Martin Nobbs . ` We 've even had women coming into the barbers asking for the traditionally male style . It 's fast becoming the 2015 hipster trend . ' The craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of Dumb And Dumber To , the recent sequel to the 1994 cult hit , in which Jim Carrey hung on to his character 's trademark chop . Indeed , Twilight heartthrob Rob Pattinson surprised everyone last November when he adopted the bowl cut , the same month the film came out . Members of the public take the plunge and opt for a bowl haircut . Headcase Barbers -LRB- pictured -RRB- has tipped the style as a must-have look for summer 2015 . Girls star Lena Dunham drew a similar gasp from commentators last year when she unveiled her own platinum blonde version on Instagram , stating : ` Change is good . ' Miley Cyrus has also enjoyed a brief flirtation with the bowl cut , hers being eerily similar in nature to the one sported by Backstreet Boys ' Nick Carter back in the Nineties , when Miley was just a child . And who could forget Justin Bieber , who burst onto the scene in 2007 with a sweepy bowl cut so beloved by his fans that he broke hearts around the world when he later chopped it off . Other brave stars to have tried the style on for size over the years include Rihanna , Kelis , Jessie J , Agnes Deyn and Kelly Osbourne . What 's more , says Mr Nobbs , another Nineties style is also becoming increasingly popular , although ` the classic curtains style ' still has some way to go before it hits the heights of the bowl cut . ` We 've seen a bit of a resurgence from that Nineties style as well , ' he explains . ` The classic curtains have been spotted recently on the likes of Liam Hemsworth , Zayn Malik and Johnny Depp as well . ' Lena Dunham surprised her fans last year when she unveiled her own platinum blonde version on Instagram , stating , ` Change is good ' Agyness Deyn was famed for her raven version in 2010 . Rihanna added a dash of dark to her blonde bowl cut in 2010 . Jessie J went for a very blunt version in early 2014 and American Boy singer Estelle added a red tint to hers . Miley Cyrus is never one to shy away from a bold new look , pictured in August 2014 . Kelis glammed up her bowl cut with gold accessories in 2008 . Nick Carter had one of the original 90s bowl cuts in 1997 . Style icon Kelly Osbourne wore a bowl cut for years , including here in 2005 . Justin Bieber spawned thousands of bowl cut copycats when he first found fame , seen here with the style in 2010 . Johnny Depp and Zayn Malik have both been spotted out and about with curtains . Liam Hemsworth shows off a pair of curtains during an appearance at an awards show last month .