A motorist known as Mr X who spent five years trying to dodge a £ 60 speeding fine has been jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice . The driver , who is named Ashley X after changing his surname by deed poll , was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11 in Essex in 2009 . Instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine , he initially ignored Essex Police 's attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame , Essex Police said . The driver was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11 . Pc Roy Keyes , from the force 's casualty reduction team , said : ` Ashley X was determined to avoid paying the £ 60 fine and having three penalty points on his licence . ` But for five years he tried to deny the offence and committed two serious offences which ultimately led to him being sent to prison . ' X tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts , concocting various stories including that his cousin was driving , faking a letter from that cousin purportedly confirming this and claiming this cousin had already paid the fine . After being found guilty of failing to provide a driver 's details he challenged the verdict at Chelmsford Crown Court and the Court of Appeal but both claims were rejected . When police looked more closely at the case , they found the ` cousin ' who X claimed had been driving , and discovered he was in fact a friend , who never owned the car and denied writing any letter admitting that he had been the driver . The driver tried to convince authorities that his cousin was driving the car at the time of the offence . X , from Ruislip , west London , finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday . Judge Martyn Levett sentenced X to nine months imprisonment . He was also ordered to pay costs of £ 1,200 . Essex Police praised the Crown Prosecution Service for its perseverance in bringing the case against the 35-year-old motorist . Do you know Mr X ? If so , please call Darren Boyle on -LRB- 0203 -RRB- 615 3247 or email darren.boyle@mailonline.co.uk .