A heartbroken pensioner is believed to have killed himself six days after his wife 's death by jumping from a bridge at their ` special place ' where they used to take romantic walks together . John Lord , 86 , went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her . Double tragedy : John Lord , 86 , went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June , 81 , pictured together on their wedding anniversary , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . Nottinghamshire Police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three on the day he disappeared from his home in St Ann 's , Nottingham . Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner . His family believe he may have killed himself at the picturesque beauty spot where the devoted couple enjoyed going for a walk . Message : Mr Lord 's daughter Alison said her father was grieving and had left a heartbreaking note signed ` love to all ' and described how he could not live without his wife . Mr Lord 's last known moments were also captured on CCTV as he parked his white Toyota Yaris car near close to the Trent at 3.15 am on April 6 . The footage then shows the pensioner walking toward a bridge , which was the last sighting of him . His daughter , Alison Lord , 56 , said her father was grieving and had left a heartbreaking note signed ` love to all . ' Speaking before his death , the teaching assistant , who lives in Bulwell , Nottingham , added : ` He did leave a note . ` It said he could n't live without June , and he apologised and said `` love to all '' . ` It was completely out of character for him to get up and drive his car in the middle of the night . ' Ms Lord said her parents , who were members of a local church , had been ` inseparable ' and her mum 's death had left the whole family devastated . A Nottinghamshire Police spokesperson said : ` The body of a man found in the River Trent on April 15 , 2015 , has been confirmed as that of missing John Lord . ` Mr Lord , 86 , went missing from his home in St Ann 's on Monday , 6 April . ` His body was recovered at around 11 am on April 15 by Nottinghamshire Police 's Underwater Search Unit . ` Nottinghamshire Police would like to thank everyone who assisted in the search for Mr Lord by sharing our appeals . ` Mr Lord 's family will continue to be supported and have asked for their privacy to be respected . ` The thoughts of Nottinghamshire Police are with the family at this difficult time . ' June tragically died on March 31 , eight hours after collapsing suddenly from what doctors at the Queen 's Medical Centre in Nottingham described as a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .