A former doctor charged with killing a Yale University physician he once worked with has been found incompetent to stand trial for the second time . New Haven Superior Court Judge Thomas O'Keefe Jr. ruled Monday that 49-year-old Lishan Wang should be sent to Connecticut Valley Hospital for treatment . In a court report submitted last month , mental health experts said Wang displayed ` paranoid thinking ' and was ` guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers . Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010 . He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 , but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital . A new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang 's self-representation . The ruling came after two mental health experts testified that Wang is unable to rationally understand criminal proceedings or assist in his defense , according to The Hartford Courant . Wang , a father of three , is charged with murder in the shooting of Dr. Vajinder Toor , 34 , and shooting but missing Toor 's then-pregnant wife outside the couple 's Branford , Connecticut , home in April 2010 . Police say the shooting stemmed from a dispute the men had two years earlier while working together at a New York City hospital . Wang , who represented himself at the hearing , is due back in court on May 21 . The report said that Wang would not be able to ` establish an effective relationship with a defense attorney or to organize himself in a manner that he could be meaningfully understood by others ' in his current state . Wang and Toor worked together at Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center in New York City , and Wang had a history of confronting Toor and other staff members before his dismissal in 2008 . Toor -LRB- pictured -RRB- was shot outside of his Branford , Connecticut , home . After the shooting , Wang was found in his van with documents referring to his dismissal from Kingsbrook Medical Center in New York City , where it 's believed he had confrontations with Toor . After the shooting , police found Wang in his van with documents referring to his dismissal and others involved . They also found a wig , hammer , knife and about a thousand rounds of ammunition . In 2010 Wang was originally ruled incompetent , but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital . When a second competency evaluation was ordered earlier this year after Chief Public Defender Thomas J. Ullmann filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang 's self-representation . Ullmann said that Wang is mentally ill , which Wang countered by accusing the public defenders of working against him . ` This is much more complicated because of particular issues in this case that it 's hard for me to figure out even where to start , ' O'Keefe told The Hartford Courant . ` He chooses to represent himself , which he has a right to do , but it causes some problems on how to proceed . ' Wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender 's office of working against him . While representing himself , Wang will have an opportunity to cross-examine witnesses , call witnesses , make his own statements and testify on his own behalf . Though Wang did not testify at Monday 's hearing , he referred to a rebuttal of the competency report in which he quoted Dostoyevsky , Socrates , Richard Nixon , Abraham Lincoln and alleged Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , as well as recounts two parables . Wang said that the experts misinterpreted his answers , misquoted him and lacked knowledge about his ` cultural background ' . One of the experts from the competency report , Madelon Baranoski , said that Wang lost his ` path of rational thinking ' during the evaluation and that he suffers from ` a very serious mental illness ' . She added that his distrust of the public defender 's office was ` reaching psychotic proportions ' . ` It is our opinion that you need treatment , ' she said . Police investigate the murder scene of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor in Branford , Connecticut , Monday , April 26 , 2010 .