Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for QPR 's home clash with Chelsea ... Queens Park Rangers vs Chelsea -LRB- Loftus Road -RRB- . Team news . QPR . QPR will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face west London rivals Chelsea on Sunday . Defender Richard Dunne -LRB- knee -RRB- is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre-back Rio Ferdinand also absent for the Barclays Premier League match with an unspecified knock . QPR will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne for the west London derby at home to Chelsea . Manager Chris Ramsey may have to look to make changes having played twice in four days but Yun Suk-young -LRB- concussion -RRB- is still out alongside Eduardo Vargas , Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin -LRB- all knee -RRB- . Provisional squad : Green , Isla , Onuoha , Caulker , Hill , Phillips , Sandro , Barton , Kranjcar , Austin , Zamora , Hoilett , Grego-Cox , McCarthy , Henry , Doughty , Sutherland . Chelsea . Chelsea are without Diego Costa for Sunday 's Barclays Premier League clash at QPR following the striker 's hamstring injury . Cesc Fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose and will start alongside Nemanja Matic in midfield despite the influential pair being one booking away from a suspension . Diego Costa was forced off injured for Chelsea in their 2-1 win over Stoke last weekend . Midfielder John Obi Mikel is fit again following a knee injury . Provisional squad : Courtois , Cech , Ivanovic , Luis , Fabregas , Zouma , Ramires , Oscar , Hazard , Drogba , Mikel , Remy , Matic , Willian , Cuadrado , Cahill , Terry , Azpilicueta , Blackman , Loftus-Cheek . Kick-off : Sunday , 1.30 pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . QPR 7/1 . Draw 4/1 . Chelsea 4/11 . Referee : Andre Marriner . Managers : Chris Ramsey -LRB- QPR -RRB- , Jose Mourinho -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : QPR wins 13 , draws 16 , Chelsea wins 16 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . QPR have kept a clean sheet in three of their last four Premier League matches at home to Chelsea -LRB- W2 D1 L1 -RRB- . Chelsea have conceded in six of their last seven games against Rangers in the top-flight -LRB- W3 D2 L2 -RRB- . QPR have lost 49 Premier Leaue home games . Eden Hazard should make his 100th Premier League appearance in this game . Hazard has scored nine out of nine PL penalties - the joint most of any player with a 100 per cent record -LRB- along with Dimitar Berbatov -RRB- . Chelsea have led in 12 of their 15 Premier League away games this season . Chelsea players celebrate after Eden Hazard -LRB- second left -RRB- scored the winning goal from the penalty spot when the Blues defeated QPR 2-1 at Stamford Bridge back in November . Chelsea have opened the scoring in a leagu-high 24 of their 30 Premier League games this season . Chelsea have scored exactly 99 goals in all competitions this season . Diego Costa 's longest spell of consecutive appearances in the Premier League is eight games . Charlie Austin has been involved in 55 per cent of QPR 's 38 goals this season -LRB- 17 goals , four assists -RRB- .