A 12-year-old boy has succeeded where many in the media have tried and failed by fearlessly cutting President Obama off mid-ramble during a q & a session on Thursday . Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury , Maryland , was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded when answering a question about how to avoid writer 's block . As the president started to repeat himself , Osman politely stepped in : ` Yeah . I think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed . Osman Yaya , 12 , from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury , Maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday . During an answer about writer 's block , Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in . Obama grinned and replied , ` Osman thinks I 've been talking too long . ' ` No , I think you just ... ' Yahya hesitated . ` No . Let 's move it along , I got you , ' Obama agreed . The president had been talking about the topic for more than three minutes when Yahya politely intervened after shifting nerviously in his seat . Obama was at the Anacostia Library in Washington for a ` virtual field trip ' with students to promote White House initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students and to get cities to provide access to universal library cards . Yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about Obama 's early reading habits , his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital media . Middle schoolers at a Washington library and students watching online may have puzzled over Obama 's reference to the Hardy Boys , just like Obama appeared stumped by Osman 's mention of Alex Rider . ` Yeah . I think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed . Obama grinned and replied , ` Osman thinks I 've been talking too long ' ` And our first question is from Mrs. Cook 's second-grade class at Pinegrove Elementary School in Alabama , ' Osman began . ` They asked : `` As a child , did you enjoy reading ? '' Well , you said you loved reading , so that question is done . And they also asked : `` If so , what type of books spark your imagination and interest ? ' '' Obama conceded that the youngsters probably did n't read the Hardy Boys mysteries anymore and said he had been fond of the book Treasure Island . What did Osman read , he asked . Osman described the Alex Rider spy books and their gadgets and offered to lend Obama some books . Then , with a bit of sympathy , he added : ` To make you feel younger , my best friend read Treasure Island . ' When Osman asked why it was important to have access to electronic books , Obama , a father of two teenage girls , revealed every parents ' knowledge of the digital age . Obama was at the Anacostia Library in Washington for a ` virtual field trip ' with students to promote White House initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students . ` So you 're texting all day and you 're looking at Vine and Instagram , and you 're looking at Grumpy Cat or some video of your favorite singer , rapper , ' Obama said . ` What that means is , is that we want to make sure that that becomes a tool not just for entertainment , not just for talking to your friends , but also for learning . ' Asked what inspired him to be president , Obama conceded he had once harbored wishes to be an architect or basketball player but was ultimately inspired by the civil rights movement . As for his post-presidency career , the president seemed to suggest he might just return to his old job as a community organizer . ` I 'll still be pretty young , ' he said . ` And so I 'll go back to doing the kinds of work that I was doing before , just trying to find ways to help people -- help young people get educations , and help people get jobs , and try to bring businesses into neighborhoods that do n't have enough businesses . '