Police have dramatically arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman 's body in the boot of the car he was driving . The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley , on the far south coast of NSW , just after 8.30 pm on Wednesday . But on Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police . Officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him . Scroll down for video . A police officer grabs the man who had been on the run over night after a woman 's body had been found in his car . ` Show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man . The man meekly does as he is told before being taken away by police . ` Show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man . The man did as he was told and gave himself up without a struggle . He was then taken away in a police van . Detective Superintendent Peter O'Brien said he could not yet release the name of the victim . However , it has been confirmed police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D'Addario , 35 . Ms D'Addario was reported missing by concerned family members on Monday after disappearing along with her boyfriend Josaia -LRB- Joey -RRB- Vosikata , 27 . Daniella D'Addario -LRB- right -RRB- was reported missing on Monday along with her boyfriend Josaia -LRB- Joey -RRB- Vosikata -LRB- left -RRB- . The couple were believed to have been staying in the Bermagui area after last being seen on Sunday . Detective Acting Sergeant Jason Taylor previously described her car saying : ` They may have been travelling in Daniella 's car which was a silver or light blue Hyundai Getz . ' Her vehicle 's ACT registration is YEF19M . Ms D'Addario was a teacher at Canberra High School in 2009 and her former students have begun commenting about her disappearance on Facebook . One wrote : ` This is too sad . ' Another added : ` I saw her at kmart not long ago . ' Police have not yet identified the woman 's body but are investigating whether it could missing Canberra woman Daniella D'Addario . On Thursday morning NSW Police confirmed : ` A crime scene has been established at the car , and a perimeter has been set up as police search for the man . ` Investigations into the incident are continuing . Initial investigations suggest the man and woman were known to each other . ' Police said they are hoping to speak with a man who may be able to assist with inquiries . He is described as being of Pacific Islander/Maori appearance , in his late 20s , with an athletic build . He was last seen wearing dark clothing . ` Police advise members of the public who see the man or know his whereabouts not to approach him , but to contact Triple 0 immediately , ' a statement said .