Parents need to keep their distance and trust schools and teachers instead of being ` dervishes ready to battle with anyone and anything on behalf of their child ' , a leading head teacher has said . Peter Tait , the headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset , claimed parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally . Writing in Attain , the magazine for the Independent Association of Prep Schools , Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child . Parents need to keep their distance and use their intuition to trust schools and teachers , a leading head teacher has claimed . Stock image used . Mr Tait warned that while parents naturally wanted the very best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development , The Daily Telegraph reported . He said : ` What has made some parents put their own child at the centre of the universe and to hell with the rest ? ' Adding that parents must trust those responsible for their children 's education , he added : ` To do this requires a certain detachment , a willingness to trust the passage of time , focusing on whether their children are happy , challenged and purposeful and are learning the right values . ' Sherborne , which was founded in 1550 by Edward VI in the Dorset village of the same name , has educated prominent churchmen and army generals , as well as famous figures such as codebreaker Alan Turing and Downton Abbey actor Hugh Bonneville and Coldplay singer Chris Martin . The school has enjoyed strong academic performance recently . On A-Level results day it was announced that 40 per cent of all grades were A * s or As , with six boys meeting offers to study at Oxford or Cambridge . The phenomenon of parents placing their children before any others and pushes their children to high levels of achievement through a range of after-school activities has been termed Tiger Parenting . Last year , Gail Larkin , the president of the National Association of Head Teachers , also attacked parents saying that some children were being forced to sit through hours of unnecessary tuition by pushy parents competing with one another . She added that instead of two or three hours spent in more classes after school , children would benefit from joining a swimming club , taking up ballet , or playing in the park instead . Mr Tait is Headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Dorset , who has been writing in Attain magazine . She also took a swipe at parents , saying part of the drive for extra tuition was down to adults being unwilling to help their children with homework . Meanwhile a survey , by teachers ' union NASUWT , revealed a disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using Facebook and Twitter to intimidate staff . It showed families are using social media to post obscenities , threats , offensive photos , sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers - with 30 per cent of those polled confirming they had been the subject of parents ' abusive internet posts . The poll of 1,500 teachers also showed that the proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled over the past year -- increasing from 21 per cent to 60 per cent . NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates said : ` It is deeply worrying to see that the abuse of teachers has risen by such a huge margin this year . ` Equally concerning is that it appears that more parents are the perpetrators of the abuse . ' He added : ` The vile , insulting and personal comments are taking their toll on teachers ' health and wellbeing and undermining their confidence to do their job . '