Harry Kane hailed an unforgettable week after taking his England bow and becoming the youngest captain in the Premier League this season - but he will want to erase the memory of Tottenham 's goalless draw at Burnley . Kane , 21 , was chosen as Spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his England debut and make his first start for the national team . It was a frustrating end to the week for Kane however as Spurs struggled to make an impact against a hard-working Burnley side who earned a precious point in their battle to avoid relegation . Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' after captaining Tottenham . That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 at Wembley . Kane said : ` You could say it has been the best week of my life - to score , to make my first start and score for England , and to be captain today . It has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I wo n't forget for the rest of my career . ' Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino admitted a top-four place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City - who play Crystal Palace on Monday night - with a vastly inferior goal difference . Pochettino said : ` It is difficult but we have seven games , we will try . It is true that it is not easy . This game was a very tough game and we need to try to win the most points possible in the next seven games . ` The way Burnley play it is difficult , because always there is long balls into the box . They are a very aggressive team and run a lot . It is difficult to find space to play . ` We played better in the second half and we made some chances but it was not enough to score . Three weeks ago Manchester City lost here . It is not an excuse but it is a very , very difficult team . ' Tottenham coach Mauricio Pochettino still believes they can catch Manchester City and finish fourth . The goalless draw at Burnley left Tottenham down in sixth , some seven points adrift of Man City . At just 21 years and 251 days , the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with Burnley . Kane could not find a way to break the deadlock for Tottenham in their 0-0 draw at Turf Moor on Sunday . Pochettino confirmed Kyle Walker , who limped off , has a sprain but said it was ` not a big issue ' . Burnley manager Sean Dyche claimed the Clarets had the better of the match and rued a gilt-edged chance missed by Danny Ings , who shot straight at Michel Vorm when it seemed easier to score . He said : ` I think we edged the game , but there was not a lot in it . ` We kept the tempo high and kept pressing high . Danny has had a great chance and it was unlike him not to put it away , he almost hit it too cleanly . ` Having said that we are pleased to get another clean sheet against a top side . ' Dyche picked out Ashley Barnes for special praise but said the whole of his team had performed well against a Spurs side boasting four England players . The Burnley boss also said he was not too concerned by their struggles to find the net - they have only scored once in five games . He added : ` I prefer to look at it as two clean sheets in the last three games against some fantastic sides . ' Kane -LRB- left -RRB- watches his header find the net against Lithuania and it earned him a start against Italy . Sean Dyche believed Burnley might have taken all three points from the match . Dyche praised the performance of Ashley Barnes , seen here shooting under pressure from Eric Dier .