An Arkansas woman who has become the world 's oldest living person wants President Barack Obama to attend her 117th birthday party on the Fourth of July . At 116 , Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America . With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday , Weaver became the world 's oldest person , according to the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group . Scroll down for video . Gertrude Weaver , 116 , of Camden , Arkansas , attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair . The staff at the Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden , about 100 miles southwest of Little Rock , said Weaver is in good health . They say she attributes her longevity to treating others well . Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice . ` I treat everyone the way I want to be treated , ' Weaver told reporters on her 116th birthday when she received a letter from President Obama . Weaver , born on July 4 , 1898 , exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day at the facility 's dining room . The daughter of sharecroppers was born in Arkansas near the Texas border and worked as a domestic helper . Gertrude Weaver , right , of Camden , Arkansas , became the world 's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of Japanese woman Misao Okawa who died at the age of 117 on Wednesday . After retiring , she lived with her granddaughter and moved to Silver Oaks Health & Rehabilitation Center in 2009 when her granddaughter had health problems , the facility 's administrator Kathy Langley said . ` She 's an absolutely amazing lady , ' Langley said . Weaver 's 93-year-old son visits on a regular basis . ` She said she has been blessed with a long and healthy life because of the way she has treated others , ' Langley said . Misao Okawa , a Japanese woman recognized as the world 's oldest person who credited her longevity to ` eating delicious things ' and getting plenty of rest , died at the age of 117 on Wednesday , Japanese media reported . Okawa was recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records as the world 's oldest person in June 2013 when Jiroemon Kimura , also from Japan , died at the age of 116 years and 54 days . Rosa Camfield died on Monday . The 101-year-old Arizona woman had recently become an internet celebrity after appearing in a photo tenderly holding her newborn great-granddaughter . Also this week an 101-year-old Arizona woman who 'd only just recently become an internet celebrity after appearing in a photo tenderly holding her newborn great-granddaughter died . Rosa Camfield . who was born in June of 1913 , died on Monday . Since appearing on the popular Facebook page Life of Dad , she 's received millions of likes and comments from around the world . ` Grandma was always happy , I mean , she was smart as a whip , even at 101 , ' Camfield 's granddaughter Sarah Hamm , 33 , told ABC News on Tuesday . ` She was funny and had lots of stories . ' Hamm originally posted the photo a week before her grandmother 's death after taking her daughter , then 2-week-old Kaylee , to meet Camfield . ` It was actually the day she was being released in the hospital , so we were hoping that Grandma would get to meet her , ' Hamm said .