Asia Siddiqui not only saw herself as a soldier for Allah , but a poet as well . The 31-year-old woman who was arrested Thursday in New York for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28-year-old Noelle Velentzas , was also friends with the one-time editor of Al Qaeda magazine Inspire . Samir Khan , an American citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen . But before that he published several articles in Inspire , including a DIY bomb-making guide which the Boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives . Kahn was apparently so chummy with Siddiqui that he published one of her poems in the precursor to Inspire , a publication called Jihad Recollections . Scroll down for full poem . A soldier and a poet : Asia Siddiqui -LRB- right -RRB- , one of the two woman arrested in Queens , NY on Thursday for plotting a terrorist attack had previously published a poem in an Al Qaeda magazine , it was revealed . Siddiqui and her accused co-conspirator Noelle Velentzas -LRB- left -RRB- pictured in a court sketch from Thursday . Extremist friends : Siddiqui befriended Samir Khan -LRB- left -RRB- in 2006 , three years before he left the U.S. for Yemen and started Al Qaeda magazine Inspire -LRB- right -RRB- . Khan published Siddiqui 's poem in a publication which was the precursor for Inspire . Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike . The poem , titled ` Take Me to the Lands Where the Eyes are Cooled ' details Siddiqui 's aspiration to ` drop bombs ' and ` taste the Truth through fists and slit throats ' . The informant says Siddiqui boasted about the poem in a August 2014 conversation , and said she had it published under the name ` Murdiyyah ' . That same name was connected to a Facebook account associated with Siddiqui 's computer IP address . According to the lengthy criminal complaint against Siddiqui and Velentzas , Siddiqui met Khan sometime in 2006 , while he was still living in the U.S. and they continued to communicate after he moved to Yemen in 2009 . Siddiqui and Velentzas have been accused of plotting to carrying out a terrorist attack in New York City , and referred to themselves as ` real bad b **** es ' in conversations with a federal informant . The informant says the two were considering targeting a military base or police funeral with a homemade bomb - but that there was no specific terrorist plot at the time of their arrest Thursday . Siddiqui 's friend Kahn was born to Pakistani parents in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia on December 25 , 1989 , but spent most of his life growing up in Queens - the same NYC borough where Siddiqui and Velentzas lived . Captured : Above , the home in Queens where Asia Siddiqui was arrested for allegedly plotting a bomb attack on the United States . She met fellow Queens native Samir Khan in 2006 , and later had him publish one of her poems in an Al Qaeda magazine he was editing at the time from Yemen . DIY : Khan went on to found Inspire , an Al Qaeda magazine . One of the articles he wrote for the magazine a a bomb-making how-to guide apparently used by Boston bombers Tamerlan Tsarnaev -LRB- left -RRB- and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- right -RRB- . Other than refusing to recite the Pledge of Allegiance and blaming 9/11 on America , Khan appeared to be a well-adjusted young man when he attended W Tresper Clarke High School . At the school , Khan wrote for the student newspaper , and participated in cheerleading and the glee club . However , at some point while still living in the U.S. , Kahn started writing about Jihad from his parent 's basement with a blog called ` InshallahShaheed , ' or ` Martyr , God willing ' . In 2004 , his family moved to Charlotte , North Carolina where he attended Central Piedmont Community College . Five years later , Khan cut ties with his family and moved to Yemen . Khan was killed in a September 30 , 2011 drone strike in Yemen - the same one that claimed the life of infamous American-born Islamic militant Anwar al-Awlaki . Take me to the lands where the eyes are cooled ... There are dreams I will leave everything behind for . Everything that has meaning in my life . Came to life with the introduction to my Lord . To the Oneness of my Lord . To the Mercies of His evermore . Than I can implore ... I have memories of soldiers of Allaah , memories of soldiers of shaytan . Memories of battlegrounds I have n't yet stepped on . Memories of battlefields I have never stepped on ... Yaa Allaah , take me -- Aslamtu lirabbil aalameen . Take me ... to the lands where the eyes are cooled . Jannatul Firdaus lies unpursued . I remind myself these sacrifies are only for You , too few . Hunger never felt so good as it does handcuffed . Some of us are born soldiers , battle runs through our blood . The sound of gun rattle sends a rush , soothing . I sleep with my eyes open , my subconscious constantly invoking . Al-Baa ` ith ! Al-Mu ` eed ! ... my mind strays back to golden past I have n't yet lived ... All this Time I spent living Wahn dreams instead . Surrounded by walls of marble with widescreens , gardens of plush green . Pouring rain splashing on window panes , crystal ceilings . But Allaahi , nafsi only knew of empty feelings . Verily , time teases . The tease of martyrdom when the ruh leaves . In degrees ; the degrees every soul dreams to seize . The degrees the angels appease one over another . The degrees of infinite seas with which the Lord pleads , the seven seas can not encumber . I drown in ghibtah rage for a cavalry of my own . Plotting against shaytaan , suffocating for self-control . I want to be purified with every breath , every sweat , every echo , every harakah . The innumerable Tawaafs , the countless du'at , every step I take , I 'm back at Arafat . I have work to do . Mistakes to correct , time to make up . No excuse to sit back and wait - for the skies rain martyrdom . Wait , No ! The skies never rain martyrdom ... Martyrdom rains the skies ! This world is a morgue on standstill watching the lost souls . In a cold , silent , blank stare -- death stare . Death stirs in cold , silent , despair . Finding no place to call home , my vision blurs . All my fingers plucked out , my veins stretched to dull . Laughter poking into my sleep ... into my dreams . Peeling laughter -- the never-ending discourse of shaytaan 's regime . Sahytaan Ar Rajeem ... silenced . Prison walls that scream . The urges reincarnate into rebellion , into physical hunger , social incompetency . I am a slithering soul cringing to be free . The sweat of my efforts choke , wet strokes of vapour from a cloud . For my dreams to emerge ... on cracked canvas -- chipping off paint . The pigments of a lost nation . A curse . A nation . A religion . A pagan . An exiled . A misery . A child with incisors . A soliciting child . Soliciting for a while for golden signs ... along the Cyprus , Nile , miles from . With a defied conscience eager for recompense ... The mountains are my castles , the sand is my sea . I peril through the wilderness as it 's a part of me . I hear voices in the dark ; feel pressure on my prayer rug . As I swing on a hammock between date palms , I drop bombs . I feel blisters beneath my feet as I sneak behind the enemy fleet . I fall sleep in the midst of battle before sirens and tanks owned by enemy ranks . Hit cloud nine with the smell of turpentine , nations wiped clean of filthy shrines . My teeth grind , my gums sting , my jaws flinch from and flame in chemical pain . And from all this . I confess I 've become more sane . My backbones sprain from the tensions of unresolved game . I refuse to return home ! Thrust open my wounds where my nerves have ruined . Rupture my skin where my membranes bare thinned . Tear my limbs that resist in abstinence . Here - taste the Truth through fists and slit throats -- . And prefer this over death from slit wrists , pills , drunk and doped . Thank me later , for now , do what you will -- let the noise persist ! Running in half excitement , half regret , index finger to sky , a bulletproof vest . I turn around -- what can my enemies do to me if Allah has promised me success ? I waken with moistened eyes , tired and high off of unresolved life . Some dreams seem like real life ; sometimes , life seems like a dream . I steel from the greedy the remnants of my fitrah and run into the dungeon of death . Jannah awaits ! Source .