A Philadelphia woman lost her leg and her home went up in flames , all because a neighbor believed she was trying to steal her boyfriend and ran her down in her SUV , family members say . Precious Richardson Coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old Beatrice ` Dee Dee ' Spence and her uncle in her 2004 white Dodge Durango . WPVI reports that Coleman had shown up on Spence 's block in the Nicetown neighborhood of Philadelphia , before Spence went out to confront her . Struck down : ` Dee Dee ' Spence , 24 , lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old Precious Richardson Coleman , who believed Spence was trying to steal her boyfriend , according to family members . That 's when Coleman sped forward , hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle , 37-year-old Damon Watson , who was standing alongside his niece . ` She jumped up on the pavement , ' Watson told the Daily News . ` I turned , and the car threw me . She hit me on the side . I bounced off the car . ' ` I turned and saw Dee Dee . Her whole leg was flying off , ' Watson continued . ` It was hanging off . She was screaming in pain . ' Family members said the SUV briefly pinned Spence against the porch , before Coleman reversed and sped away . Paramedics arrived and transported Spence to Temple University Hospital in critical condition , where she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee . Spence 's mother , Danika , had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese , but left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter . Charged : Coleman turned herself in to police Saturday morning and is held on $ 750,000 for attempted murder and related charges . Hit and run : A security camera caught Coleman 's SUV speeding away from the scene . The vehicle was later found by police with significant damage to the front bumper . Double tragedy : Spence 's mother , Danika , ran out of the house to help her daughter , leaving unattended food cooking on the stove , which triggered a housefire . The unattended stove went up in flames , causing a housefire that consumed both the Spences ' home and a neighbor 's , before firefighters extinguished the blaze . The hit and run was the climax of a simmering feud between the two women over Coleman 's current boyfriend , whom Spence had reportedly dated in the past . ` She thought Dee Dee was with him , ' Spence 's sister Alissa , 14 , told the Daily News . ` She was n't at all . That was her ex . They were n't seeing each other anymore . She had moved on . ' At 5 a.m. on the morning of the incident , relatives say , Coleman showed up at the front of the home that Spence shared with her mother and two younger sisters . ` It 's Precious , ' Ameria Spence , 9 , recalled hearing Coleman saying . ` Tell your daughter to stop f ****** blocking me on Instagram ! ' ` Then she picked up a brick and threw it through the window , ' Ameria added . Danika Spence filed a police report , family members said , but Coleman phoned Dee Dee Spence a few hours later to say she was going to return . Police found Spence 's SUV with significant damage to the front bumper Saturday morning . Coleman is currently being held on $ 750,000 bail at Riverside Correctional Facility on attempted murder and related charges . For now , the Spence family is trying to recover from the traumatic incident , staying at the home of Spence 's grandmother next door to the house that went up in flames . ` My mom , she 's just so hurt . She 's devastated , ' Spence 's 14-year-old sister said . ` She just wants Dee Dee home and safe . ' ` My sister says she 's trying not to be depressed . She 's strong . But this is a lot . '