A West Australian woman has been been granted bail after spending almost three weeks behind bars for allegedly squirting her breast milk at a police officer during an altercation . Erica Leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer an altercation at Rockingham Police Station , about 50 kilometres south of Perth . West Australian police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia the mother of three was arrested on March 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant , reportedly during a strip search . Erica Leeder , 26 , was charged after she squirted breast milk at a female police officer during a strip search . Mother of three Erica Leeder allegedly squirted breast milk at a police officer . She has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence . A woman has been charged with assaulting a police officer after she allegedly squirted her with her breast milk -LRB- file image -RRB- . ` It was while at the Rockingham Police Station that an incident occurred where the woman was further charged with Assault Public Officer , ' police said in a statement . Perth Now reported that the incident in question occurred during a body search , when the woman was naked from the waist down . The 26-year-old was rearranging her clothes when she reportedly took hold of her breast and squirted the female officer . The mother of three young boys will reappear in court in May and has been ordered to seek a mental health assessment . Leeder faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge . She was also charged on February 17 this year with assaulting public health worker Edward John Hall in a hospital . The 26-year-old -LRB- not pictured -RRB- is said to have covered the female officer 's face , arms and uniform in milk during a strip search . The officer was hit with milk on her face , arms and uniform . On March 26 the Calista woman appeared at Fremantle Magistrates Court on the arrest warrant and assaulting a police officer charges . She was refused bail and remanded in custody . The woman will appear in court again next week . West Australian police could not comment further due to ongoing court proceedings .