A 58-year-old wildlife-rescue volunteer was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train in southwestern Illinois after she responded to a call about an opossum on the tracks . Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on Friday morning . She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene after responding to the alert about an opossum on the tracks around 8 am . Scroll down for video . Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh , Illinois , was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning . Konopelski was responding to a report about an opossum -LRB- above -RRB- on the tracks near an Illinois train station . She was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville around 8 am . Konopelski was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator , the St Louis Post-Dispatch reported . She also was involved with the Bi-State Wildlife Hotline of Missouri and Illinois . Organization president Angel Wintrode said : ` She went out like she had a thousand times before . ' The group posted a tribute to Konopelski and said donations can be made in her honor . Bi-State Wildlife wrote : ` We have no words . ` We ca n't believe she 's gone . We already miss you Sandie . ` Sandie 's family and friends and Our Hotline Family and so very many animals have lost a great and dear person today . ' Metro often calls Bi-State Wildlife for help with animals on the tracks , according to Wintrode . It 's unclear if they called about the opossum in this circumstance . After the 58-year-old 's death , the Bi-State Wildlife Hotline of Missouri and Illinois posted a Facebook tribute . Swansea Police Chief Mike Arnold said authorites do n't know why Konopelski did n't hear the train coming . Konopelsk 's car was located in a parking lot near the station in Swansea , the Swansea News-Democrat reported . Shiloh mayor Jim Vernier said : ` I ca n't believe it happened . ` She was such a caring person for animals . ` I could call her at 3:00 in the morning and she 'd be there to help an animal . ` I do n't know who 's going to fill those shoes . Everybody called her . ' Train service was delayed for about two hours on Friday while police investigated . Swansea Police Chief Mike Arnold said officials do n't know why Konopelski did n't hear the train coming and get out of the way .