A Utah father 's ` awesome fun zone ' for his children will be forced down by city officials who did n't appreciate his out-of-the-box thinking and called the cardboard castle in his front yard ` junk ' . Jeremy Trentelman , 36 , of Ogden , last week built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and two-year-old daughter Story , that included trap doors and a small slide . The father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped . Scroll down for video . City code enforcement officials in Ogden , Utah , have told resident Jeremy Trentelman to take down the elaborate box fort he built for his son and daughter in his front yard . The family said it will leave the box fort , which includes a slide and trampoline , up for 14 days , the maximum allowed before a fine . Trentelman was only planning on leaving the fort in his yard for a few days , but now has decided to leave it up for the maximum two weeks before he receives a $ 125 fine . ` We 've had so much fun with it that I really do n't want to turn it into something 's that 's just stupid , ' Mr Trentelman told KUTV , adding that he would not pay the $ 25 to contest the letter . ` So we 'll enjoy it and take it down when we need to ' . The city 's letter said that ` waste material or junk ' such as tires or furniture in a front yard violates ordinance 's ` designed to protect property values , citizens ' rights , neighborhood aesthetics and public safety ' . Fines could be taken as a lien against the family 's house , Mr Trentelman said . Mr Trentelman built the castle last week , though he quickly received a letter saying that his creation was classified as ` waste material or junk ' The father , who works as a florist creating intricate flower displays , says he will not contest the ordinance because he does not want to turn the castle into something negative . The Trentelman children Max , -LRB- left -RRB- 3 , and Story , -LRB- right -RRB- 2 , have enjoyed playing in the fort and drawing on its cardboard walls with chalk . The family says that none of their neighbors have complained about the fort . ` It 's great what they 're doing for their kids . I think they should add on to it , ' Curtis Price , who lives across the street , said . Mr Trentelman said that code enforcement 's Gordon Sant often drives through the neighborhood . He has invited his neighbors to join them in the cardboard playhouse , which includes a trampoline and walls covered with his children 's chalk drawings . One Ogden resident has created a Facebook event asking homeowners to build their own cardboard castles and leave them up for 14 days in solidarity .