The Director of Public Prosecutions who let off Lord Janner over alleged child sex abuse started her career at a legal chambers when the disgraced Labour peer was a top QC there . Alison Saunders , 54 , sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia . Today , newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years . And now it has emerged Mrs Saunders ' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage -- a barrister 's training contract at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983 . It has been revealed that the country 's top prosecutor Alison Saunders -LRB- right -RRB- who ruled that Lord Janner -LRB- right -RRB- would not face trial over alleged child sex abuse trained at the same legal firm where he was a QC . Last night , The Sun revealed that Mrs Saunders trained in the same in legal chambers where Lord Janner had practised . The Bar Council , the training body for barristers , confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986 . But a spokesperson for the CPS insisted the pair had never met , despite a three-year overlap of their time at the firm . She told MailOnline : ` It is common knowledge that Alison Saunders had her pupillage at Garden Court chambers . ` But the DPP and Lord Janner have never met . This is ridiculous . ' The chambers were Saunders and Janner practised at 1 Garden Court was dissolved in 1989 . Since then , a different and unconnected family law chambers has operated from the same address . By Richard Marsden for the Daily Mail . Alison Saunders graduated in law from Leeds University in 1982 and was called to the Bar in the following year . Her pupillage -- a barrister 's training contract -- was at 1 Garden Court Chambers , the same offices where Lord Janner practised employment law . She joined the Crown Prosecution Service in 1986 , after which she shaped policy on child victims . In 2001 , she became chief prosecutor for Sussex and oversaw the prosecution of paedophile Roy Whiting for the abduction and murder of Sarah Payne . After a short time as deputy legal adviser to the attorney general from 2003 , she returned to the CPS two years later to set up its organised crime division . In 2009 , she became chief crown prosecutor for London and then Director of Public Prosecutions in November 2013 . Now , the country 's top prosecutor is facing calls to quit from campaigners and alleged abuse victims . Pete Saunders , director of the National Association for People Abused in Childhood , said the revelation is ` an insult ' to survivors of abuse . He told The Sun : ` On the evidence how can we not conclude that they might be covering for each other . Lord Janner -LRB- pictured after being sworn in as a Queen 's Counsel in 1971 -RRB- worked at Garden Court Chambers from the mid-1950s until 1986 . It is scandalous and an insult to to all the survivors who have spent decades fighting to get themselves heard . ' The Crown Prosecution Service concluded there was enough evidence to charge Janner with 22 offences from 1969 and 1998 . While admitting that dementia is not ` a bar ' to prosecution , Mrs Saunders has defended her decision not to bring charges against Janner , adding she was surprised at the political backlash she has faced . Janner 's family have issued a statement insisting he was ` entirely innocent of any wrongdoing ' - but he has been suspended from the Labour Party . ` Dementia in itself is n't a bar to either a trial or to a trial of the facts , but you have to look at -- and the law is very clear about this -- is there a need to have a trial on the facts for the public protection ? ' she told the BBC . ` In many of the cases where we do use that procedure , it 's because there 's an ongoing risk to the public . Again the medical evidence was very clear in this case : there was no ongoing risk . ' But her links to the shamed peer come as it emerged the judge tasked with reviewing the mistakes that prevented Janner from being brought to trial in the past was a close friend of the barrister hired to defend Janner against claims of abuse . Lord Janner turned to the late George Carman QC - who also represented paedophile Jimmy Savile - when he was first investigated in 1991 . Sir Richard Henriques considered Mr Carman a mentor at the Bar , The Times reported . But Mrs Saunders has insisted that Sir Richard 's friendship with Mr Carman would have no influence on the review .