Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led the Northumbria Police manhunt for killer Raoul Moat . A chief constable facing a bullying probe for her alleged Alex Ferguson-style ` hair dryer treatment ' of colleagues is to retire with full pension after 30 years of service . Sue Sim , who came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt , said she was ` sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family . It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated by her Police and Crime Commissioner 's office for alleged misconduct . Although she was not suspended after the accusations were made against her , it was reported those below her were walking on ` eggshells ' such was the manner in which she delivered her assessments . Her style has been compared to her predecessor Sir John Stevens , who delivered what have been described as legendary ` b ********** ' to the officers under his command . A Northumbria Police spokesman today confirmed she will retire with full pension despite being the subject of an investigation . Ms Sim said : ` After careful consideration I have decided to retire when I reach my 30 years service on June 3 . ` My family have made many sacrifices to enable me to have such a fantastic career and it is now time to spend more time with them . ` I am obviously sad to leave but it is the right time and I am confident I have left a legacy of high performance that will continue . ` I have been extremely fortunate to have had a marvellous career and I am as committed to serving the public as I was when I first joined Merseyside Police in 1985 . ' Chief Constable Sim came to public prominence during the hunt for crazed killer Raoul Moat in 2010 when she held her position in a temporary capacity . She described the search for Moat following the murder of Christopher Brown and shooting of one of her own officers , PC David Rathband , as ` one of the most challenging times ' of her career . During this time she fronted public appeals to locate the killer and became the face of the police response , during which officers were warned they were targets . She said : ` That was one of the most challenging times of my career and the largest manhunt the country has seen for 44 years . ` I am immensely proud of my officers and staff who went about their roles fully aware of the threats against them , but determined to support the public . ' Vera Baird , police and crime commissioner for Northumbria , said she would miss working with Ms Sim . Ms Baird said : ` Chief Constable Sue Sim gave me formal notice of her decision to retire on Wednesday April 8 and she will leave the force on June 3 when she has completed 30 years of public service in policing . ` Sue has brought passion and enthusiasm to her role with Northumbria Police , always remaining focused on cutting crime and ensuring victims of crime are at the heart of everything Northumbria Police does . ` She and I have worked well together over the two-and-a-half years since I became police and crime commissioner . PC David Rathband -LRB- left -RRB- was left blinded after being attacked by Raoul Moat -LRB- right -RRB- in July 2010 . Chief Constable Sue Sim , who became the police face of the Moat manhunt , has now announced her retirement . ` She responded to the challenge of this new governance structure very positively and my experience of her is that she always , without exception , delivers what she has promised . ' Ms Baird said Ms Sim had played a ` key role ' in the success of the force . ` I will miss our joint working and I wish her well in her retirement , ' she said . Last month , Ms Baird announced that she had appointed a judge to lead an inquiry into allegations that Ms Sim might have ` fallen short of her duty as a police officer to treat colleagues with respect and courtesy ' . She said : ` Over the past few days , I have sought clarification about the issues raised by some officers . ` I am now clear that they wish to make complaints against the chief constable of Northumbria Police which merit investigation . ' Ms Sim said she would co-operate with the inquiry .