They have become one of the most irritating accessories carried by tourists in recent years , but it appears the selfie stick has been a nuisance for three decades . Hiroshi Ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company Minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s . He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe . Scroll down for video . Hiroshi Ueda , holding his extender stick for taking ` selfies ' which he patented in 1983 while working for Minolta . After having his camera stolen by a child he asked to take their picture in the Louvre Museum in Paris , he dreamed up a solution - an extendable stick with a tripod screw at the end . The ` extender stick ' , as he called it , was designed for use with new compact cameras that were being developed at the time . Whether taking in a spectacular panorama , visiting a famous landmark or watching a concert ; the chances are your view has been ruined by a selfie stick on at least one occasion . Now the situation may be about to get a whole lot worse , because there 's a next-generation stick that can grasp a tablet as well as a mobile phone . The contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their iPad , ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin in their shots . The supersized stick is available on the website Accessory Geeks for just $ 23 -LRB- £ 16 -RRB- , suggesting that they could be coming to a street near you soon . He added a mirror to the front of the camera so that photographers could see exactly what they were doing . Despite being patented in 1983 , the extender stick failed to become a success - mainly due to the poor image quality it captured . But that did not stop Mr Ueda from compiling a family album of family ` selfies ' using his device . Speaking to the BBC , he said : ` The idea of taking a picture of yourself was very new back then . ` The philosophy behind it was that I did n't need to rely on anyone else to take a photo - I could take a picture of myself whenever and wherever I liked . ' Some 30 years later selfie sticks are now hugely popular - used by narcissists and celebrities everywhere to capture images of themselves in their surroundings . They have become such a menace that many tourist venues , museums , concert venues and stadiums have banned them . Perhaps ironically , Apple - the company that could be blamed for kickstarting the selfie phenomenon by putting a camera on the front of its phones in the first place - has also banned them from its next conference . Mr Ueda used his ` extender stick ' to take pictures of himself with his family while on holiday in Europe -LRB- above -RRB- . Modern versions of the extender stick allow a smartphone to be held aloft and use a remote trigger to take the photograph or video . Mr Ueda 's patent ran out in 2003 , however , so he has not benefited from the recent boom . Instead Canadian inventor Wayne Fromm developed a hand-held extendable selfie stick in the early 2000s , which he called the Quik Pod . While his product has sold well , there are many others available . Mr Ueda said : ` My idea came too early , but that 's just one of those things . ` I patented about 300 ideas , so that was just one of them . We call it a 3 am invention - it arrived too early . ' The idea of selfies , however , is not new . Remote timers and triggers have been available on cameras for decades . A recently unearthed photograph also showed that some early photographers adopted unusual methods to take their own photo - such as using a broom handle to hit the trigger on their camera . Michael Pritchard , Director-General of The Royal Photographic Society , said there is evidence of selfies going back as far as the 1840s . Selfie sticks divide opinion - some people love them and others hate them . But a growing number of venues and attractions have deemed them such a nuisance that they are banning their use . Last month the National Gallery in London became the latest major museum to instruct visitors that the devices were not welcome . It follows bans in galleries in France and America -- including the Palace of Versailles and the Museum of Modern Art in New York . Organisers of two major US festivals have also made clear what they think of selfie sticks . The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival and Lollapalooza are the latest in a string of concert venues and historic landmarks to ban the use of the controversial tech gadgets on their grounds . According to NME , London 's O2 Arena and Wembley Arena have also prohibited them , while Rome 's Colosseum also do not permit the use of the gadgets . Banned : The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival and Lollapalooza , in Illinois and California , are the latest in a string of concert venues and historic landmarks to ban selfie sticks on their grounds -LRB- file picture -RRB- .