Apology : Clydesdale chief Debbie Crosbie whose rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman . A High Street bank has been hit with a record £ 21million fine after being caught falsifying documents to avoid compensating victims of mis-selling . Now there are calls for criminal charges to be brought over an extraordinary cover-up lasting more than two years at Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks . Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman -- deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints . They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI , or they lied about not being able to trace documents . Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing , which took place between May 2011 and July 2013 . Mark Garnier , a Tory former member of the Treasury committee , said : ` This all took place well after the financial crisis , when banks said they had changed . Clearly they have n't . ` It would be unacceptable if criminal charges are not brought against the people who perpetrated this . An example must be set . ' Labour 's John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery . ` The police or the Serious Fraud Office should look at the evidence , because clearly there is a possibility of fraud or forgery which cheated people out of compensation , ' he said . It is a criminal offence under the Forgery and Counterfeiting Act 1981 to falsify documents . Mr Mann added : ` This behaviour is reprehensible and shows the lengths some banks have been prepared to go to mislead regulators . ` The police really need to look into this -- fines are not enough . ' Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks are part of the same group and owned by National Australia Bank , with around three million customers and just under 300 branches . Clydesdale holds the banking licence for both in the UK . According to the City watchdog , the worst of the cover-up -- which lasted from May 2012 to June 2013 -- resulted in up to 42,200 PPI complaints being rejected unfairly and up to 50,900 customers receiving inadequate compensation . In one case a married couple were cheated out of a £ 5,100 pay-out because the lender lied to the ombudsman that it had not been able to trace records of them having bought PPI . In reality , it never looked for them in the first place . The FCA said the bank had an ` inappropriate policy ' for its complaints handling in 2011 -- instructing staff not to search for PPI complaints relating to loans and mortgages that had been repaid more than seven years prior to the complaint . Clydesdale also failed to trawl back through credit card statements dating before 2000 for customers mis-sold PPI alongside a credit card . This resulted in some customers being short-changed on compensation pay-outs , or missing out entirely . But the wrongdoing escalated in May 2012 when a team of staff started to provide false information to the Financial Ombudsman when it was investigating complaints on old PPI policies . This included deleting any reference to PPI on documents related to a customer . Staff also tampered with computer records to make it look like that documentation had been destroyed . This information was then printed out and sent to the Financial Ombudsman . The City watchdog said management at the bank were not aware this was going on . Georgina Philippou , of the Financial Conduct Authority , said : ` Clydesdale 's failings were unacceptable and fell well below the standard the FCA expects . Fined : The FCA investigation found ` serious failings ' in the way Clydesdale handled its PPI complaints . ` The fact that Clydesdale misled the Financial Ombudsman by providing false information about the information it held is particularly serious and this is reflected in the size of the fine . ' Clydesdale and Yorkshire 's failings were so serious that the £ 20.7 million fine dwarfs the next biggest penalty handed out for PPI , which was £ 7million imposed on Alliance & Leicester in 2008 . The policies were meant to protect customers with loans who lost their jobs or became too sick to work . Labour 's John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery . But they were widely sold to customers who would never have been able to claim -- including the elderly and those with existing medical conditions . High street lenders -- which made huge profits from selling PPIs -- have been forced to set aside £ 24billion to compensate customers . Clydesdale has so far set aside just over £ 800million , of which £ 291million has been paid out -- with average settlements of £ 2,900 . But its bill is set to grow as it is forced to revisit 180,000 old cases . The cost of PPI mis-selling is expected to spiral as complaints continue to flood in . Lloyds has racked up a bill of more than £ 12billion so far -- around half the amount put aside by the entire industry . The Financial Ombusdman continues to be swamped by 4,000 complaints a week , but banks complain that claims management firms -- which bombard customers with nuisance text messages and phone calls -- are driving many people to make bogus PPI complaints . Clydesdale said it had taken disciplinary action against the staff involved . Acting chief executive Debbie Crosbie said : ` We deeply regret any instance which led to the Financial Ombudsman Service receiving incorrect or incomplete information from us . ` These practices were not authorised or condoned by the banks . As soon as this issue was discovered , we took immediate steps to stop it ; we made the regulator aware and rapidly introduced strict new monitoring procedures . '