` Insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading Australian modelling agencies . While being beautiful , fit and healthy is expected , it 's all about a demand for the ` influencer ' now . Thanks to the proliferation of social media , in order for modelling agencies to keep up with client demand , ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio . General manager of Vivien 's Models Catherine McGill told Daily Mail Australia that they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers . Scroll down for video . Influencer : Gigi Hadid is one of many in-demand models whose social media following is as much a draw card as her good looks for clients booking her on jobs . Self-made model : Mimi Elashiry turned her social media following into a modelling career . Big on Instagram : Elashiry has almost 700,000 followers . ` Our bookers were giving me feedback that clients wanted models who might be blonde , beachy and had a high social media following , ' she said . ` Now when we 're booking talent , in negotiation process , we talk about the girls numbers . ' McGill says the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers . ` It 's not hard and fast number , but 10,000 is the minimum number clients are asking for , ' she said . ` So if models are getting up to that , they might get added to our ` Influencer ' page . ' Joseph Tenni of Chadwick Models told News.com.au that ` It 's not unusual for a client to ask `` how many followers does she have ? '' before they ask what they look like . ' Chic Management also started a ` blogger ' management division two years ago . Of influencer : Prestigious model agency Vivien 's has introduced an ` Influencer ' page noting their models ' social media stats . ` That line of just being a model is being blurred ' : Bloggers and influencers are now being snapped up by agencies capitalising on their following . General Manager Paul Thomas says it 's now where all the money is being spent , with clients seeking hard and fast brand promotion . ` If you think about it , your brand can send their product straight to someone 's pocket rather than printing a catalogue in store and waiting for a customer go collect it . ' Thomas told Daily Mail Australia it 's all about the elusive ` cool girl ' appeal . ` Influencers are like a captain of the ship - because there is so much information out there , people turn to models , fashion people and talent and begin liking what they are liking . ' ` We do have clients that book in a traditional sense , but new up-and-coming brands want a ` cool girl ' with vast social numbers that they can book a campaign off the back of the model 's social media , ' he said . It 's this combination of ` cool girl ' meets followers and a ` lust-have ' lifestyle that Thomas said is really drawing in clients , and models are now being trained how to self-promote on their Instagram to get work . International : American Alexis Ren has over 1.6 million followers , and is in demand Down Under as much for her looks as her army of followers . ` Now that line of just being a model is being blurred , people want to know about the model but it 's got to be organic , you can smell when it 's all a bit too staged , ' he said . Thomas said health and fitness is very ` on brand ' at the moment , so that 's something the girls are encouraged to promote , which most of them naturally will as they stay in shape . ` With new faces we sit down with them and do social media training , to make sure those girls are representing us as well . We do n't need them to be serious posters , just once or twice a day , or one every day . ' Chic manage American model Alexis Ren , who has over 1.6 million followers and has shot previous campaigns for Australian label General Pants . ` She has 1.6 million followers , a huge following in Australia , her boyfriend is this amazingly good looking surfie and her Instagram is a mood board that makes you want to be on holidays with them . ' Thomas said it 's a coup for Australian brands because she is not only 5 ' 8 , beautiful and blonde but she is ` insta-famous ' , has an increase of 45,000 followers per week and has a boyfriend with almost a million followers , so they have the tools they need to sell her as a talent . Chic Management also says bloggers like Sarah Donaldson from Harper and Harley and Brooke Testoni have scored major campaigns with Oral B and Pandora based on their social outreach and style .