` Kondogbia was incredible for Monaco , he was exactly the player Arsenal needed to sign , ' Sportsmail 's Jamie Redknapp said back in February . The French midfielder had just put in a dominant display at the Emirates Stadium as the Ligue 1 side all-but-sealed their place in the quarter-finals of the Champions League after a 3-1 first-leg win . But rather than Arsenal , it now seems Liverpool hold the main Premier League interest in the 22-year-old . So , what more do you need to know ? Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a Liverpool target and has also interested Arsenal in recent years . 22 ? He 's been around for a while ... Despite his young age , Kondogbia has amassed over 100 league appearances for Lens , Monaco , and even Sevilla . And during that five-year professional career , the central midfielder has been constantly watched by Arsenal scouts . He also impressed at the FIFA Under-20 World Cup alongside Paul Pogba in the French midfield , while his frame and playing style does n't exactly scream 22 years old . Kondogbia is only 22 but has racked up over 100 league appearances with Lens -LRB- above -RRB- , Sevilla and Monaco . The central midfielder was a key player for France alongside Paul Pogba at the Under 20 World Cup in 2013 . Tough guy then ? Exactly . Standing at 6 ' 2 '' , Kondogbia is a real presence in the Monaco midfield , allowing the likes of Joao Moutinho to strut their stuff further forward . He 's strong in the tackle , but make no mistake , his prowess on the ball is also impressive . Possessing a fine left foot , Kondogbia doubles up as a playmaker , and also scored the first goal in the tie in the first leg against Arsenal . Having made his mark in both Ligue 1 and La Liga , you could say the Frenchman is the perfectly well-rounded midfielder , someone who would fit in seamlessly in the Premier League ... Kondogbia 's fine strike put Monaco in front against Arsenal in the Champions League last-16 first leg . So why have n't we seen him in England ? Time is still on Kondogbia 's side , but Premier League clubs have certainly tried . Arsenal were heavily linked with him before he left Sevilla , though the versatile player bought out his contract and opted for Monaco . With Liverpool crying out for players to freshen up an ageing/departing spine , the 22-year-old 's presence would surely suit Brendan Rodgers . But he must move quick , with Real Madrid , Manchester United , Juventus and Paris St Germain all keen to sign the man who has been capped three times by his national team . Mesut Ozil swapped shirts with Kondogbia at half-time in the second leg at the Stade Louis II .