The Australian family of a 21-year-old backpacker who disappeared from a Croatian night club in 2008 are hoping to finally find out the truth about how she died . Britt Lapthorne , from Melbourne , was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in the coastal , tourist town of Dubrovnik where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers . Croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student 's body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18 . Her family believes Ms Lapthorne was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea . It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed . Britt Lapthorne , from Melbourne , disappeared in the Croatian coastal , tourist town of Dubrovnik . State Coroner Ian Gray will officially close it at a hearing in Melbourne on Thursday . He will hear a summary of previously unreleased reports prepared by both the Australian Federal Police and Croatian authorities . Then the coroner will prepare his findings , to be released at a later date . In 2009 , Ms Lapthorne 's father , Dale Lapthorne , said the only information he would release from one of the reports was that Britt 's body was in the water the whole time she was missing . He was confident she had been weighted down before being dumped into the Adriatic Sea because there was no other explanation for her body not coming to the surface . Her parents -LRB- pictured -RRB- believe Ms Lapthorne was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea . Ms Lapthorne 's body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18 . In 2009 , Ms Lapthorne 's father , Dale Lapthorne , said Britt 's body was in the water the whole time she was missing . ` It 's the reason for the rapid decomposition of her body , and the fact it was only found 18 days later in a high visibility area , virtually out the front of a hotel and only a kilometre from the club , ' Mr Lapthorne told AAP in 2009 . At the time , the coroner confirmed Ms Lapthorne 's body should have surfaced within two or three days . The criminal investigation remains open in Croatia , but the Lapthorne family does not have confidence in police there . Croatian authorities suspect Ms Lapthorne died due to ` misadventure ' , though in 2013 they conceded it was unlikely her death was a suicide . The Lapthorne family , including her mother Elke , father Dale and brother Darren , were not told their daughter was missing for six days after she disappeared , despite Australian officials being aware she had vanished . Britt Lapthorne was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego , in Dubrovnik , where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers . A media boat pictured where Ms Lapthorne 's body was found in a small inlet near Dubrovnik , Croatia . They also suffered the terrible news of being told a body had been found , only for police to say just hours later that it could n't be Ms Lapthorne 's because it was so badly decomposed . Police then confirmed after DNA analysis that it was indeed Ms Lapthorne 's body . Dubrovnik Deputy Chief of Police , Ivan Kukrika , said at the time : ` DNA analysis has been completed in capital Zagreb . According to the analysis , the body found in the sea on October 6th belongs to the missing Australian , Britt Lapthorne . ` I have to admit that I had , based on the state the body was in , really thought that it was not Britt and that this case would result in a happy ending . ' Dubrovnik Deputy Chief of Police , Ivan Kukrika , said he did n't believe it was Britt 's body at first ` based on the state the body was in ' Mr Lapthorne said his daughter was ` always smiling , always happy , just having fun , an intelligent , smart girl ' The Victorian coroner will prepare his finding over Ms Lapthorne 's death to be released at a later date . Speaking hours after the family was told Ms Lapthorne 's body had been found , her father Mr Lapthorne told the Sydney Morning Herald : ` Assuming it is a crime , and everything is pointing to a crime , it is an absolutely heinous crime of the worst order . ` It is just beyond conception for such a beautiful girl , I do n't mean beautiful in appearance , she was beautiful in her ways , always smiling , always happy , just having fun , an intelligent , smart girl ... why would somebody do this to such a beautiful girl ? ` For me , Elke and Darren , it 's just devastating . We think all the things we planned to do together ... all the things we planned have no meaning any more , absolutely no meaning . '