Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion to take the WBC super-middleweight title , setting up a fight with mandatory challenger George Groves . Jack -LRB- 19-1-1 -RRB- received winning of 116-112 and 115-113 , and the third had it even at 114-114 . Jack , the Las Vegas-based Swede who fights under the banner of Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring Dirrell -LRB- 27-1-1 -RRB- . Badou Jack -LRB- left -RRB- connects with Anthony Dirrell during the WBC world super-middleweight title fight . Jack holds his belt after beating Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago , Illinois . George Groves will fight Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title as he is mandatory challenger . ` I was in great shape and I believed in myself , ' Jack said . ` All that talk do n't matter . I knew they could n't rob me . I thought I clearly won . It was a tough start to my career , but now I 'm a world champ . ' The 31-year-old Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards in 2014 . The 30-year-old Dirrell , from Flint , Michigan , won the title in August with a tough decision over veteran Sakio Bika . Dirrell was diagnosed with non-Hodgkins lymphoma and sidelined for 20 months . He also previously broke his leg and wrist in a motorcycle accident . On the undercard , Danny Jacobs , four years removed from a fight with cancer , stopped Caleb Truax in the 12th round to successfully defend his WBA middleweight title . With a comfortable lead heading into the final round , the 27-year-old Jacobs dropped Truax with a left-right combination and finished him off with a blistering array of punches against the ropes . Jack connects with previously unbeaten Dirrell during the world super-middleweight fight on Friday night . Jack narrowly claimed the WBC super-middleweight title on points against American boxer Dirrell . Jacobs , from New York , improved to 29-1 with his 26th knockout . The 31-year-old Truax , from Osseo , Minnesota , dropped to 25-2-2 . ` My corner let me know he was hurt and I took advantage , ' Jacobs said . ` I was ready for all 12 rounds . I knew he had more experience . ' Jacobs was coming off first professional loss in 2011 when he was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a form of cancer afflicting his spine . He had surgery to remove the tumor and was out of the ring for 18 months .