The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to pick up their pets ' droppings and use bins provided -LRB- pictured -RRB- . A London council is to introduce CSI-style DNA testing for dogs so it can track and fine owners who do n't clean up after their animals . The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal 's cheek so it is registered on a database . The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £ 80 fine . The laboratory testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate . The council hopes that the collection of DNA samples would fit well with new national laws requiring all owners in Britain to microchip their dogs by April next year . And while it will mean an expense for the council , they believe it will represent value for money for residents as similar schemes in the US have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent . The move is part of efforts from the council to reduce its £ 2.3 million annual street cleansing bill . Although the methods may seem extreme , Council leader Councillor Darren Rodwell claims they are necessary to clean up the borough . He said : ` We are the first Council in the country to get really tough on dog mess and pet owners who do not act in a socially responsible way . ` The vast majority of dog owners in Barking and Dagenham are socially responsible but unfortunately a selfish few think it 's ok to not clean up after their pet . ` Dog mess not only spoils our streets -- it 's also a health hazard and especially to young children which is why we are using this innovative approach . ' The scheme is currently being discussed under the tagline Leading A New Way - but there are no plans as yet to make it mandatory . The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham , Civic Centre pictured , will become the first in the UK to introduce the plans which will allow them to match dog mess to owners and issue fines . They 're currently in discussion with stakeholders including the Kennel Club , Keep Britain Tidy and Streetkleen , the company which will run the DNA testing , on how owners can be encouraged to submit the samples . Streetkleen managing director Gary Downie said : ` I believe the combination of DNA testing and enforcement could be the most effective means of ensuring owners are held accountable for their dog 's actions . ` In the US , we have experienced reductions in dog fouling by as much as 90 per cent after introducing the programme . ` For the vast majority of responsible dog owners this should pose no problem at all . ` In fact , we believe that the minimal cost involved in the DNA testing will pose value for money when the selfish minority of dog owners are brought to task . '