Winger Dom Manfredi stole the limelight from Ben Flower and Sam Tomkins as Wigan thrilled a 14,175 crowd at the DW Stadium with an exciting 30-20 win over Warrington . Most eyes before kick-off were on Welsh international Flower as he prepared to make his return from a six-month suspension imposed for punching Lance Hohaia in October 's Grand Final defeat by St Helens . And the Wigan fans were delighted at half-time when the club announced the re-signing of Tomkins on a four-year deal from New Zealand Warriors , starting next season . Wigan winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days . All eyes were on Ben Flower on Thursday night as he made his return from a six-month ban after being sent off for punching Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of Wigan 's Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October . RECEPTION : Flower 's name was greeted with huge cheers when the team announcement was made 10 minutes before kick-off and there was a deafening roar 23 minutes into the match when he made his entrance , with Wigan fans on their feet for a standing ovation . PERFORMANCE : The Welshman came up with a knock-on four minutes into his return and clearly looked rusty after his lengthy lay-off . He produced some strong charges , however , and did his fair share of tackling before taking a breather after 32 minutes . Flower later returned for the last four minutes , by which time his side were firmly in charge . OVERALL : A steady if unspectacular return for the former Crusaders front rower in a match dominated by the tryscoring prowess of his young outside back team-mates . Unsurprisingly rusty at times , he will be better for his 36-minute contribution , made in two spells . By the end of a pulsating derby , however , it was the name of 21-year-old Manfredi which was on most people 's lips after he scored a second hat-trick in five days . Manfredi had touched down three times in Wigan 's 34-0 win over Catalans Dragons on Sunday and he once more demonstrated his exceptional ability to finish off the Wolves after they had taken the lead for a third time early in the second half . Warrington could hardly have made a better start , scoring two tries inside the first 10 minutes as they monopolised the early play . Skipper Joel Monaghan had gone close in the opening moments after gathering Richie Myler 's high kick to the corner and he enjoyed an unopposed run-in after taking Stefan Ratchford 's cut-out pass to open the scoring . Ratchford added the touchline conversion and the visitors increased their lead when Chris Bridge went through the attempted tackle of his opposite number Dan Sarginson for the first of his two tries . Wigan barely had touched the ball at that stage but they quickly demonstrated their attacking flair with two superbly-crafted touchdowns . Stand-off George Williams came up with a break for the first but it was a magnificent final pass from winger Joe Burgess that enabled England second rower Liam Farrell to finish off the move . Ben Flower -LRB- centre -RRB- returned to action after serving six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia . Moments later Sydney-bound Burgess was again the provider as full-back Ryan Hampshire , making amends for the first of two bad handling errors , went over for the Warriors ' second try , with Matty Smith 's second goal edging his side in front . That was the signal for Wigan coach Shaun Wane to reintroduce Flower but there was little scope for the forwards to get into the action as the outside backs continued to dominate . The lead changed hands twice more before half-time , with Bridge going through Sarginson for his second try - only for Manfredi to cancel it out by taking advantage of some outrageous offloads from Anthony Gelling and Joel Tomkins to score his first . Forward Flower enjoyed a low key return as the Wigan backs ran Warrington ragged in the second half . Leading 16-14 at the break , the highly-impressive Gelling twice took the wrong option as Wigan were the first to attack in the second half and the misses began to look costly when when Warrington second rower Ben Currie sliced through the home defence for his side 's fourth try to put them back in front . Wigan were not to be denied , however , and Manfredi went over twice in eight minutes to complete his hat-trick and apply the finishing touches to a splendid victory . The hosts produced some quick hands to get him over on 61 minutes but it needed a huge slice of good fortune for him to complete his hat-trick , with Smith 's drop-goal attempt charged down and falling nicely for the big winger after Gelling had instinctively put his boot to the loose ball .