A British tourist has drowned in a pool in a luxury villa in Spain , just hours after arriving on holiday . Brian Nicol , 32 , dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol , where he was staying with friends , but failed to resurface . His desperate friends dragged Mr Nicol , who was born in Glasgow , out of the water and tried to save him . Brian Nicol , 32 from Glasgow , Scotland , died while staying in a villa in Nueva Andalucia like the one pictured . Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place around 8.30 am on Easter Sunday morning , but Mr Nicol had died . Officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident , but they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or a digestion problems which meant he could n't swim . The group had been on a night out in Marbella after jetting to Spain on Saturday , before returning to the rented villa in Nueva Andalucia to carry on partying around the pool . A post-mortem was due to take place on Monday morning at Malaga 's Forensic Medicine Institute . A police spokesman said : ` The incident is still being investigated but all the evidence at this stage is pointing towards the death being the result of a tragic accident . ' Mr Nicol is believed to have travelled to Spain with a group of a dozen friends , who rented a villa in the exclusive residential neighbourhood Nueva Andalucia . Mr Nicol is understood to have gone on a night out in Marbella , pictured , in the hours before he died . Sources close to the investigation said they had been told the group had gone out for the evening before returning to the villa to carry on partying around the pool . One said : ` Our understanding is the victim had dived into the pool and swum underwater two or three times during the night without any problem but failed to surface the last time he jumped in . ` Although he appears to have drowned , it 's too early at this stage to say why it happened . ' Forensic experts are expected to examine whether the dead man suffered a blow to the head or digestion problems which caused stomach cramps and may have led to him drowning . An investigating judge has been put in charge of a routine judicial probe into the incident . A spokesman for paramedics involved in trying to revive Mr Nicol said : ` We received a call at 8.40 am on Sunday and found a foreign man lying by the pool when we arrived . Paramedics tried to revive him but could do nothing to save him . ` An investigation into the death is now underway . ' The group has only arrived in the Costa del Sol , an area popular with British tourists , for a holiday on Saturday . Nueva Andalucia , the area where the tragedy happened , is a favourite of well-heeled British expats and holidaymakers . It is a short drive from the millionaire playground paradise of Puerto Banus and boasts several high-quality golf courses . Max Clifford owns a luxury apartment near to one of the courses Sean Connery was once a regular at . Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan also owns a holiday home in the upmarket residential area sandwiched between the Mediterranean and Marbella 's famous La Concha mountain .