A woman convicted of killing her five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt has been sentenced to 20 years to life in prison . Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life . Spears who chronicled her son Garnett 's illnesses on a personal blog called ` Garnett 's Journey ' and other social media , was convicted by a jury in White Plains , New York , last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center . Scroll down for video . Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears at a suburban New York hospital -LRB- pictured Wednesday -RRB- . Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life . She showed no emotion when she was sentenced . The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ` unfathomable in its cruelty ' The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ` unfathomable in its cruelty . ' Prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence , saying Spears made her son ill because she had a bizarre need for attention . Spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to life - he called her a hardworking single mother who gave her son unconditional love . Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . Poignant : Spears is seen here with her son Garnett . Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . Spears ' lawyer Stephen Riebling said she was innocent , blamed the hospital for negligence , and said he plans to appeal the verdict . While awaiting sentencing , where she faces a maximum penalty of 25 years to life in prison , she was being held at Westchester County jail in Valhalla , said a spokesman for Westchester District Attorney Janet DiFiore . Prosecutors blamed Spears , who lived in Chestnut Ridge , about 32 miles -LRB- 51 km -RRB- north of New York City , for her son 's short and tormented life . Prosecutors blamed Spears , who lived in Chestnut Ridge , about 32 miles -LRB- 51 km -RRB- north of New York City , for her son ` sshort and tormented life . ` Throughout his five years , Garnett Spears was forced to suffer through repeated hospitalizations , unneeded surgical procedures and ultimately poisoning with salt , all at the hands of the one person who should have been his ultimate protector : his mother , ' DiFiore said after Spears was convicted . ` Using the child 's ` illnesses ' to self aggrandize herself , her actions directly lead to her son 's tortured death , ' the prosecutor said . Spears told investigators that her blond , blue-eyed son , whose father was killed in a car accident , suffered from a slew of medical problems from Chrohn 's and Celiac diseases to ear abnormalities , according to court papers . Her social media posts about his ongoing problems and hospitalizations , including photos of his final hours on life support , were introduced as evidence by the prosecution at trial . Defense attorneys said the evidence did not prove murder . They have promised an appeal of the conviction . Spears did not testify at the trial .