Most women would kill for a size six figure and a gap between their thighs . But Amelia-Jane Harris , 20 , says her new ` dream body ' is actually a nightmare , as Crohn 's disease means she is in constant pain and can not eat . The illness has seen Miss Harris lose more than 18 stone -LRB- 252 lbs -RRB- in 20 months , as she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain . At her largest , when she weighed 27st 10 lbs -LRB- 388 lbs -RRB- and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits . But now , weighing just 8st 9 lbs -LRB- 121 lbs -RRB- and wearing size 6 clothes , she says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally again . Scroll down for video . Amelia-Jane Harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10 lbs and was bullied at school and called ` Fatty Bum Bum ' -LRB- left -RRB- . She developed Crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six -LRB- right -RRB- . But rather than being delighted at her new figure , she describes her situation as a ` nightmare ' Her condition leaves her in constant pain and she can barely keep food down , so she can never enjoy eating or go out for dinner with her friends . She so tired from being malnourished she can not work , and her fingernails , eyebrows and hair all regularly fall out . Miss Harris , of Chelmsley Wood , Birmingham , said : ` I get lots of compliments on my figure , but I have constant , underlying pain . ` Sometimes it feels like really severe stomach cramps , but I also get really bad stabbing pains that wo n't go away . ` I get no enjoyment out of food anymore . Eating feels like a chore because I know it 's going to cause me pain . ` It seems pointless to make a healthy meal because I 'll just throw it up . ` With strong painkillers I can cope , but it feels like a curse - I 'm going to have to take this medication for the rest of my life . ' Miss Harris was a happy and healthy child but her weight began to increase through her teens despite making no change to her diet . Miss Harris says her ` dream body ' is actually a nightmare as she can not eat and vomits daily . By the age of 14 , she was dubbed ` Fatty Bum Bum ' by playground bullies . She said : ` I ate whatever mum gave me , which was healthy because she was always watching her weight . ` As my waistline expanded , my confidence shrank and it was n't until I left school - and the bullies - behind me that I stopped worrying about my size . ` At college , I ate what I wanted and although I reached nearly 28 stone , I still made an effort with my clothes , hair and make-up . Fat did n't have to mean ugly . ' With the humiliation of her school days behind her , Miss Harris gradually started to embrace her size 32 frame . But then shortly after her 17th birthday , having finally made peace with being overweight , she fell seriously ill . She said : ` I started vomiting 10 times a day . I just could n't keep anything down . ` Within 20 months I 'd lost more than 18st . It did n't make any sense to me and I was terrified . ' Concerned by the rapid and unprompted weight loss , she consulted her GP . In June 2014 , after months of tests , her doctor diagnosed her with Crohn 's disease , a long-term condition that causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive system . There is currently no cure for Crohn 's disease - treatment simply aims to relieve the symptoms of the digestive system becoming inflamed . Miss Harris was immediately prescribed a cocktail of pills , which she is required to take every day . She said : ` On a good day I have to take up to 70 pills , but it can go up to 100 on a bad one . ` The weight kept falling off until I reached size six . People congratulated me on the weight loss and told me I looked fabulous -- but the truth was I 'd never felt worse ' She now weighs 8st 9 lbs , which means she is very slim for her 5tf 7in height . She said : ` I 'll never be big again . I can only keep down around 10 per cent of what I eat , and right now I 'm even struggling to keep down water . ' Before the sickness started , Miss Harris would tuck into a healthy bowl of cereal for breakfast . Before being diagnosed with Crohn 's disease , Miss Harris had four jobs . Now , she is so tired she can not work . She said : ` I know it sounds unbelievable , but I 'd give anything to be 27 stone again ' For lunch she 'd have a salad or a sandwich , and dinner was a meal cooked by her mother , such as a healthy portion of spaghetti bolognese made with reduced fat Quorn mince . Now , her condition means she can not eat fats or oils . She has not eaten junk food for the past three years and has been on a strict diet of boiled meat and vegetables . She said : ` I know it sounds unbelievable , but I 'd give anything to be 27 stone again . This time last year I held down four jobs , but now I 'm too ill to work . ` Being curvy is part of what it means to be a girl . I had that before , but now I just look like a boy . ' ` My fingernails have been known to drop off because I 'm not getting any nutrients . ` I 've also suffered really badly with hair loss . I wore a wig for the entire summer of 2013 , which was hot , itchy and just generally uncomfortable . ` I even lost my eyebrows , which made me look like an alien . ` I ca n't go out and eat with my mates because I 'll be sick . ` In the past when I 've lost weight on purpose and people complimented me , I felt proud . Now , when people say `` well done '' , I feel nothing . ' Alarmingly , her weight is still decreasing and doctors are still baffled as to why her weight has not stabilised . She said : ` There 's talk about admitting me back to hospital , but I 'd give anything to avoid that . ` To some , I have the dream body - but to me , my size six figure is nothing but a nightmare . I can only pray that the doctors find the answer soon . ' For more information and support , visit www.crohnsandcolitis.org.uk . Crohn 's disease is a condition that causes inflammation of the digestive system . Crohn 's disease is a condition that causes inflammation of the digestive system . Inflammation is the body 's reaction to injury or irritation and can cause redness , swelling and pain . Crohn 's causes ulcers to form in the gut and inflammation that affects the body 's ability to digest food , absorb nutrients and eliminate waste in a healthy way . The disease is one of the two main forms of Inflammatory Bowel Disease -LRB- IBD -RRB- . The other common form of IBD is Ulcerative Colitis . Crohn 's is described as chronic , meaning it is a life-long condition . Sufferers will have periods of good health , remission , as well as times when their symptoms flare up or relapse . There is currently no cure for the disease , but drugs and surgery can give patients long periods of relief from their symptoms . The cause of Crohn 's disease is not well understood . Experts believe the condition is , in part , inherited , while an abnormal reaction of the immune system to certain bacteria in the intestines is thought to contribute . Viruses , bacteria , diet , smoking and stress have all been suggested as environmental triggers , but there is no definitive evidence that any one of these is a cause of Crohn 's . Symptoms include : . Abdominal pain and diarrhoeaTiredness and fatigueFeeling generally unwellMouth ulcersLoss of appetite and weight lossAnaemia - a reduced level of red blood cells . It 's estimated around 250,000 people suffer from the condition in the UK . It can start in any age , but usually appears for the first time between the ages of 10 and 40 . The disease can cause complications including perforations . They happen when a severe blockage ruptures the bowel , making a hole . The contents of the bowel can leak through and form an abscess . It causes pain and a fever . Source : Crohn 's and Colitis UK .