Sunshine smile : Judy Murray waves to the crowds . Her youngest son has only just tied the knot with his long-term partner Kim Sears . But Judy Murray has already wasted no time in revealing she simply ` ca n't wait to be a granny ' . However , the tennis coach , who helped propel Andy , 27 , and his brother , Jamie , 29 , to sporting success , has a couple of caveats -- he has to get the French Open and Wimbledon out of the way first . Mrs Murray , 55 , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on Strictly Come Dancing last year , also said she would be a ` very active granny ' and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis . She told Closer magazine : ` I 'm really looking forward to being a granny . I 've always wanted to have grandchildren but I had to be patient and let them get married first . ` I 'm not sure when they will have kids as Andy has the French Open followed by Wimbledon , but I know he wants them . I will be a very active granny , that 's for sure -- and I ca n't wait to introduce them to tennis . ' Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday , drawing more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of his home town . Writing in the guest book of Cromlix House Hotel -- a property Murray purchased in 2013 for £ 1.8 million and where his brother got married -- the happy couple thanked staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as ` Andy & Kimberly Murray ' . The new Mrs Murray , who wore a flowing Jenny Packham gown , wrote : ` Thank you to Graeme and every single one of you at Cromlix who worked so hard to make this weekend the best of our lives -- a special place filled with very special people ! X. ' The couple were among a handful of people who wrote in the public guest book at the hotel , which reopened to the public yesterday . Murray 's new in-laws , Leonore and Nigel Sears , wrote : ` Thank you everyone at Cromlix for making it such a magical few days . You all make Cromlix such a special place where subtle magic happens xx . ' Glowing : Andy and Kim Murray after tying the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday . The wedding drew more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of his home town . Writing in the guest book of Cromlix House Hotel , the happy couple thanked staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as ` Andy & Kimberly Murray ' Their younger son , Scott , also enjoyed the day . He wrote : ` Hands-down best wedding ever . Thanks for everything . ' On Murray 's side , maternal grandparents Shirley and Roy Erskine wrote : ` What a fantastic end to a wonderful day . Thank you all , staff at Cromlix , for this finale . ' And Carlos Mier , one of Murray 's three best men along with brother Jamie and tennis player Ross Hutchins , said the wedding brought out his romantic side . He wrote : ` Most adorable staff in the history of hotels . Ca n't wait to finally meet someone , fall in love and have my wedding here . ' On The One Show last night , the mother of the groom said it was a ` perfect ' day . The big day : Judy Murray is pictured left with her son 's new in-laws Nigel and Leonore Sear . Tennis coach Judy Murray -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured with Alex Jones -LRB- right -RRB- filming for the One Show at BBC Studios in London on Tuesday . ` It was just such a happy family occasion and it was a perfect day from start to finish , even despite the hailstones and snow showers , ' she said . ` It was very special to be able to share it with the people in Dunblane who give him so much love and support all the time . ' It was also revealed that Judy Murray had gone around Dunblane handing out the flower bouquets that had decorated tables at Cromlix House . Gemma Greer , manager at the Dunblane Centre , said : ` Judy came in and said she was bringing round some of the flowers to the community . ` They are centrepieces from the tables at Cromlix and they are beautiful . '