A Chinese woman has become an internet sensation after charting life with her pet pig who she dresses , walks and even sleeps with every day . The woman , who calls herself Zhu Diandian online , has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187 lbs -LRB- 13st -RRB- . But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two , with Ms Zhu proudly posting pictures of them snuggled up in bed together , it was reported by People 's Daily Online . Her husband is understood to be ` tolerant ' of the relationship . However the same ca n't be said of her pet dog , who often peers enviously at the pig through a baby gate that keeps the mutt out of the bedroom . Lights snout : Zhu Diandian snuggles up with her 190 lb pig who she shares a bed with every day . Snuggles : Ms Zhu has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187 lbs , but that has done nothing to weaken the bond between the two . The owner 's surname , Zhu , sounds exactly like ` pig ' in Mandarin and that may be the reason for her love of this rather unusual pet . Her pictures have been widely circulating online in China creating huge interest with legions of netizens who have not held back with their comments . ` Everyday I. . . am ... squashed ! ' says Ms Zhu on her Weibo account when she posts photos of her in bed with her hog . Getting comfortable : Five Flowers settles down with his favourite cuddly toys . Pictures of the bizarre bond with Ms Zhu have made its owner an internet sensation . Snout pout : Ms Zhu has nicknamed her pet Zhu Diandian or ` crazy pig ' in English . Getting all the attention : Ms Zhu uses a baby gate to keep her insanely jealous pet dog out of the bedroom . One photo shows the lucky black and white pig buried under the covers , bleary eyed and with its big snout directly facing the lens and mouth slightly open as it was yawning . The People 's Daily reports that the hubby of Ms Zhu is understanding of the homely hog but that the feeling is not mutual . And if the pet dog is feeling a bit jealous it 's understandable . Photos posted on her Weibo account show Ms Zhu taking Five Flowers and her rabbit out to the local park for a walk with the pig dressed in a fetching green T-shirt and a body harness . Photos posted on her Weibo account show Ms Zhu taking Five Flowers out to the local park for a walk . ` All animals are equal but some are more equal than others ' : Five Flowers heads out for a walk . The ever thoughtful Ms Zhu even shows the lengths she goes to in order to make sure Five Flowers is well tended to . Photos show a trail of green vegetables that lead from the bedroom to the bathroom which she says is how she gets Five Flowers into bath for her clean . Communications graduate Ms Zhu works at a publishing company in the Chinese capital and has almost 40,000 followers on Weibo . She lives in the Chaoyang District of Beijing with her husband , Five Flowers as well as a pet dog and rabbit . Her latest photos of Five Flowers in bed have 13,000 ` retweets ' as well as almost 9,000 comments which are mostly supportive of her unusual pet . Deeewei from Switzerland posted : Keeping a pig as a pet looks cool but I think I will be giving up eating pork from now on . ' Duodog said : ` That 's so cute ! ' while Caoooyo from ` Overseas ' adds : ` They look so happy ! '