Chelsea do consider their sponsorship interests when the club buys a new player but the Blues would never sign someone who is n't good enough , insists manager Jose Mourinho . The west London club , who agreed a £ 200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February , are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto . The 22-year-old international would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer , although Mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy . FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto -LRB- centre -RRB- brings the ball forward against Albirex Niigata in March . FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claims that Chelsea have made a bid for Japan international Muto . Jose Mourinho admits that Chelsea do consider commercial deals when signing new players . Asked about Muto in his pre-match press conference ahead of Sunday 's game against QPR , Mourinho said : ` I know a little about him . I do n't think it is nice for me to talk about a player who plays for FC Tokyo . ` If a FC Tokyo manager talks about my player I would n't be happy.It is not nice for me to speak about other players . ` In modern football and football is a business , an industry , you have to think about the financial situation , especially a club like Chelsea that wants to be in the rules like Financial Fair Play . ` But we want to win matches and do n't get a player unless he is a good player or a good prospect . ' FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claims that Chelsea have made a bid - understood to be around £ 4m - for Muto , who has 11 caps and one goal for his country . Speaking to Sports Nippon , Ogane said : ` It is true that Chelsea sent us an offer for Muto . Muto admits it is an ` honour ' to receive an offer from Chelsea although he has not yet decided to join the club . Muto , pictured in action against Ventforet Kofu has scored three goals in four games so far this season . The 22-year-old has a shot at goal during Japan 's Asian Cup match against Palestine in January this year . ` It is a formal offer with conditions . They want to acquire him in the summer . ' Muto , who only graduated from Keio University a fortnight ago after completing an economics degree , admits that he is n't sure if he will join the Premier League title chasers despite being pleased with their bid . He said : ` I have not decided yet at all . It is an honour for me to receive this offer from a great club . ' Asked about the influence of the Yokohama Rubber deal on his moves in the transfer market , Mourinho said : ` That 's modern football . That 's modern management . You can not close the door completely to commercial interests . ` A football club is always a football club . We would never bring a player if the player has no capacity to be in a Chelsea football club squad . '