When Floyd Mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $ 300 million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao two months ago , there was a collective sigh of relief . After more than five years of wrangling and bickering , the richest fight in boxing history was finally set for May 2 in Las Vegas . But with 11 days to go until the two protagonists are due to touch gloves , not a single person has a ticket in their hands . Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao next weekend but officially , no tickets are on sale . That 's not to say that nobody has bought one ; SeatGeek , which claims to be the world 's largest event ticket search engine , is selling briefs for up to $ 30,000 -LRB- £ 20,000 -RRB- . These are known as ` spec tickets ' which the sellers do n't have but expect to get before the fight . The venue for the bout , the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena has the following message on its website : . ` Details on ticket sales coming soon ! Please be aware that tickets for the May 2 , 2015 , Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight are not yet available for purchase . ` Buyers should use extra caution when purchasing alleged tickets from unofficial sources , for fraudulent or counterfeit tickets will not be accepted . ' So why the delay ? Initially , Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum said tickets would be on sale in the first week of April but that less than 1,000 - priced between $ 1,500 and $ 7,500 - were expected to be made available to the public . Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum -LRB- left -RRB- has blamed Mayweather 's side for the lack of tickets . Leonard Ellerbe , CEO of Mayweather Promotions , claimed they would be on sale last week . The rest would be distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand . But last week , SeatGeek analyst Connor Gregoire said : ` It 's bizarre , normally there 's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight . To our knowledge no one has a printed ticket in their hands right now . ' Gregoire went on to say that only a dozen tickets had been sold through the website at an average price of $ 8,000 -LRB- £ 5,400 -RRB- . Another ticketing site , StubHub , are yet to put any tickets on sale . Spokesperson Alison Salcedo said : ` There 's still so much up in the air for this fight that we 're not allowing spec sales . We 're not willing to take that risk now . ' As far as Arum is concerned , the blame lies squarely on Mayweather 's side . ` All of this is on the MGM -LRB- Grand -RRB- , I mean , if you think that the MGM is calling the shots here , you 're totally mistaken . It 's the man behind the curtain , ' he told Boxing Scene , alluding to Mayweather 's adviser Al Haymon . Mayweather trains with his uncle Roger during a media workout in Las Vegas last week . Pacquiao is taken on the pads by trainer Freddie Roach in front of the watching media . ` This is going to the governor 's office . This is an absolute disgrace , what 's happening . ` What do you want from me ? It 's not on us . ' Pacquiao 's manager Michael Koncz has also expressed his frustration . He said : ` It 's a real mess right now . I can only surmise the motivation is greed and an attempt to manipulate the tickets , otherwise why the holdup ? I 'm more than a little upset they 're not for sale to the public . ' In the opposite corner , Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe has claimed Arum was lashing out because he is not the lead promoter in the fight . ` Every time he does n't get his way , he goes running to the press misrepresenting the facts , ' he said . ` The bottom line is this : Bob can not stomach the fact that he is not the lead promoter . Reality has set in , and this is typical Bob . My responsibility is to ensure every deal is done properly , to benefit the fighters and the event . ' It remains to be seen who will make up the 16,500-capacity crowd at the MGM Grand . Ellerbe did say that tickets would be on sale last week but there is no sign of an end to the stalemate . Nor is there any indication of when the reported 50,000 closed-circuit seats at MGM properties - priced at around $ 150 -LRB- £ 100 -RRB- - in Las Vegas will be available to purchase . The hotel 's website says simply : ` Please check back for closed-circuit viewing availability at other MGM Resorts Properties . ' In fact , the only ticket you can buy is for the weigh-in . Priced at $ 10 , the unusual step has been taken in an effort to control the expected huge crowd but all proceeds will go to charity with each fighter nominating their choice . With UFC star Ronda Rousey guaranteed the only free ticket from Arum and Amir Khan set to be ringside next Saturday as he eyes a future fight against either man , there will at least be a crowd of sorts . But who will join them is anyone 's guess .