It 's the ultimate treat for Benedict Cumberbatch fans and stands an imposing 6ft tall - just like the man himself . But shoppers at London 's Westfield Stratford City shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of Benedict Cumberbatch in their midst . One lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off , while another could n't quite hide their smile of surprise . Scroll down for video . Finishing touches : The sculpture is readied for its big unveiling at Westfield Stratford City shopping centre . Oh dear : Reaction to the sculpture was mixed , with some shoppers bursting into laughter . Even less impressed was the shopper who stood stony-faced in front of the creation for several moments , while another burst into laughter as soon as she spotted it . It did , however , prove an immediate hit with a pair of police sniffer dogs who wagged their tails as they gave it a thorough sniffing down . The artwork , which has been given pride of place in the shopping mall 's atrium , was commissioned by UKTV to mark celebrate its screening of the third series of Sherlock . It took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture , which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40 kg . Does it look like me ? Benedict Cumberbatch strikes a pose with James Corden during an Oscars party . Mixed reaction : A pair of police sniffer dogs loved the sculpture but shoppers looked baffled . Hilarious : A lady bursts into laughter after spotting the 6ft homage to Mr Cumberbatch . Not amused : A shopper looks thoroughly unimpressed as she contemplates the artwork . Luckily for Cumberbatch , who usually enjoys a considerably more complimentary response to projects he 's involved in , the piece will only be in residence temporarily . The 38-year-old actor , who is currently expecting his first child with wife Sophie Hunter , 37 , is n't the only famous face to have found himself the subject of an edible artwork . In the run up to the release of 50 Shades of Grey , bakers created not one but two 6ft gateaux paying homage to Jamie Dornan . One depicted the actor in the grey suit beloved of his 50 Shades character Christian Grey , while the other showed him topless and came complete with an edible six-pack . Award-winning : Both Jennifer Lawrence and her cake alter-ego have won awards . Homage : The cake , which triumphed at a show last November , was inspired by the Hunger Games . Actress Jennifer Lawrence has also been immortalised in cake , with baker Lara Clarke creating a sweet treat designed to resemble the 24-year-old 's Hunger Games alter-ego , Katniss Everdeen . The confection , which was baked ahead of the release of Mockingjay Part One in November , met with the approval of Lawrence herself , who , when asked about it , said Ms Clarke was ` incredibly talented ' . Other A-listers to get the culinary treatment include Kevin Bacon , whose likeness was made from bacon , and Taylor Swift who featured on a cake . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were turned into a tasty-looking pizza , while President Barack Obama had his likeness sculpted from butter . Immortalised : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been turned into pizza in the past . ribute : Kevin Bacon has a bacon sculpture to his name while Jamie Dornan has been made into a cake .