These images show a bizarre ritual in eastern India where villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves above an open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck . Revellers in the remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire . Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames . Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured . Unusual : Villagers , including children as young as 10 , roast themselves over the open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck . Show of strength : Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured . The annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns . ` It is done to protect the village from natural calamities like famine , drought , and spread of deadly diseases . It brings good luck to the village , ' said Arun Nayak , 16 , one of the participants . ` Anyone between 10 and 65 years of age is eligible to participate in the ritual , ' he added . ` We are not scared . My parents and friends have been doing it for years now . No one ever has been hurt ... , God Shiv and Goddess Parvati watches over us , ' the villager went on to say . Mr Nayak said he enjoys the thrill of hanging over the fire and feels proud to be one of the participants . The ritual , locally known as Chutiya Manda Puja , is organized every year to ` protect the village from natural calamities and epidemics ' . Burn : Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above the fire . Raging : Seconds later the participants throw themselves into the flame while a Hindu priest -LRB- left -RRB- throws oil to intensify the inferno . An ardent participant , 52-year-old Munna Kirkey , said that participants have to adhere to a strict diet to prepare for what is known as Agni Pareeksha , meaning trial by fire . ` We start consuming Bengal gram and jaggery sorbet 10 days before the trial starts and stay away from sinning , ' Mr Kirkey said . ` Hanging over the fire is the ultimate test of our austerity ... If participants do n't follow the rules they will vomit during the fire test and may even get burns , ' he added . However , Mr Kirkey pledges that so far , there has been no such incident . Those who pass the hanging fire test are eligible to proceed on to the next state - to walk on ambers . Raju Sahu , 40 , who has been participating in the ritual for last 40 years , believes the ritual is important for the betterment of the community . ` If we do n't perform the rituals anything can happen . In my lifetime I have never missed to participate and my children will follow me , ' says Sahu . Challenge : Those who pass the hanging fire test are eligible to proceed on to the next state of the ceremony , walking on ambers . Religious : The annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns . Devotees from all over eastern India flock the venue . Baffled on-lookers gather around the fire to catch a glimpse of participants performing this ` miracle ' . The villagers claim the festival is being celebrated from thousands of years , however they say now the duration has been trimmed because of rapid urbanisation in the area . ` In fact , they have also made amendments to the ritual . Earlier a participant was hanged with an iron hook inserted into his flesh , which now has been replaced with tying with a cloth , ' said one of the villagers who had come to watch the ritual . Vijay Kumar Sahu , 63 , who has been organising the festival for the past 52 years , also fears that there had been too many changes made in the ritual . ` People are making it easier now and follow only what suits them . I fear this ritual would gradually be phased out or at worst invite god 's wrath , ' said Sahu .