Muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court , Britain 's most senior judge has suggested . Lord Neuberger , the President of the Supreme Court , said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should ` show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs . He said judges should be ` sensitive ' to the fact that they usually came from ` more privileged sector of society ' than many of those facing them and they should have an understanding of the ` different cultural and social habits ' . Lord Neuberger said Britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society . His address to the Criminal Justice Alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system . Following a controversial trial in 2003 of a Muslim woman accused of witness intimidation , Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas said there was a need for clear guidance on the issue . Rebekah Dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying . The 22-year-old was later sentenced to six months in prison at Blackfriars Crown Court after changing her plea . Rebekah Dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying . Here she pictured during her court hearing . Last year , the European Court of Human Rights upheld a ban by France on wearing the Muslim full-face veil , the niqab . A case was brought by a 24-year-old French woman , who argued that the ban on wearing the veil in public violated her freedom of religion and expression . In Lord Neuberger 's address , he said judges and lawyers often failed to recognise how ` artificial and intimidating ' courts could be for ordinary people . He said : ` I sometimes wonder whether our trial procedures really are the best way of getting at the truth . ` Would you feel that you had given of your best if you had been forced to give evidence in unfamiliar surroundings , with lots of strangers watching , in an intimidating court , with lawyers in funny clothes asking questions , often aggressively and trying to catch you out , and with no ability to tell the story as you remember it ? ' Dawson was later sentenced to six months in prison at Blackfriars Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He said this did not mean a call for a major overhaul of court proceedings but said judges , lawyers and court staff must do as much as possible to help people feel at ease in court . He continued : ` Judges have to show , and have to be seen to show , respect to everybody equally , and that requires an understanding of different cultural and social habits . ` It is necessary to have some understanding as to how people from different cultural , social , religious or other backgrounds think and behave and how they expect others to behave . ` Well known examples include how some religions consider it inappropriate to take the oath , how some people consider it rude to look other people in the eye , how some women find it inappropriate to appear in public with their face uncovered , and how some people deem it inappropriate to confront others or to be confronted -- for instance with an outright denial . Lord Neuberger also suggested Muslim women should be allowed to wear a full face veil while appearing in court . ` More broadly , judges should be courteous and , generally , good-humoured ; and , while they should be firm , they should never , however great the temptation , lose their temper . ' The judge made the comments a week ago during an address to the Criminal Justice Alliance , in which he spoke of modern aspects of the British legal system . In a lengthy speech entitled ` Fairness in the courts : the best we can do ' , Lord Neuberger also said judges and lawyers should always keep in mind how ` intimidating ' the court process can be for those involved in trials , including ` the parties , their families , the victims , the witnesses and the jurors ' . Speaking in the context of legal aid cuts , he said the importance of ensuring all parties involved in a case understand the goings-on in a court is now greater because ` people are having to choose between representing themselves or not getting justice at all ' . He also said : ` Judges may not appear to be neutral because they will almost always be seen , normally rightly , to come from a more privileged sector of society , in both economic and educational terms , compared with many of the parties , witnesses , jurors in court . ` A white male public school judge presiding in a trial of an unemployed traveller from Eastern Europe accused of assaulting or robbing a white female public school woman will , I hope , always be unbiased . ` However , he should always think to himself what his subconscious may be thinking or how it may be causing him to act . ' Keith Porteous Wood , Executive Director of the National Secular Society , told the Daily Telegraph : ` Lord Neuberger understandably recommends judges understand the expectations of how those ` from different cultural , social , religious or other backgrounds think and behave and how they expect others to behave ' and that the judiciary should show ` respect to everybody equally ' . ` It was a missed opportunity , however , not to acknowledge that occasionally -- for example on a defendant wearing a full face veil -- doing so might conflict with justice being seen to be done , or even justice being done . ` My concern is not theoretical ; it is now 18 months since a judge at Blackfriars Magistrate Court wasted a great deal of court time dealing with the question of full-face veils , and made a heartfelt plea for central guidance to avoid this inefficient use of expensive court 's resources being replicated elsewhere . ` The Lord Chief Justice 's office has been dealing with this for a long time but seems disappointingly reluctant to issue any direction . '