Michelle Obama likes to keep a busy schedule and Wednesday was no exception as the first lady managed to effortlessly combine an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening . The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . The first lady , who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie , was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let 's Move initiative . Scroll down for video . Michelle Obama likes to keep a busy schedule and Wednesday was no exception as the first lady combined an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening . The first lady was on hand to present 15-time Grammy winner Alicia Keys with The Recording Academy 's Recording Artists ' Coalition Award for her ongoing contribution to popular music . Not content with a busy afternoon in the garden , she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington , D.C. . The annual event mixes music and politics and the first lady was on hand to present 15-time Grammy winner Alicia Keys with The Recording Academy 's Recording Artists ' Coalition Award for her ongoing contribution to popular music . ` We are proud to honor Alicia Keys for her artistry , philanthropy and her passion for creators ' rights as a founding member of The Academy 's brand-new Grammy Creators Alliance . ' said Recording Academy president and CEO Neil Portnow . The evening 's other honorees include House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte -LRB- R-Va . -RRB- and Jerrold Nadler -LRB- D-N.Y. -RRB- , ranking member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on courts , intellectual property and the internet . Both were being recognized for their support of music creators ' rights . Serving as master of ceremonies for the awards was Grammy-nominated singer/songwriter Hunter Hayes . Also in attendance from the music industry were r & b / pop producer Rodney Jerkins , singer Eddie Money , singer/songwriter Ray Parker Jr. , singer/songwriter Robert Earl Keen Jr. and saxophonist Kirk Whalum . Not content with a busy afternoon in the garden , Michelle Obama then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington , D.C . Michelle Obama spent a productive Wednesday afternoon planting vegetables with school children during the spring planting of the White House vegetable garden on the South Lawn of the White House . The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . As part of her ongoing initiative to get Americans ` moving ' in their own neighborhoods , the first lady is asking school children across the country to participate in her garden challenge . Wednesday saw the launch an interactive online map to encourage people to join their local Let 's Move programs and included students participating in D.C. , Maryland , Virginia , New York , California , Colorado , Arizona , North Carolina and Mississippi . The interactive map highlights these ` sub-initiatives , ' which were started in collaboration with federal agencies , businesses and nonprofits across the country . The range of local projects that people can join includes child care , reading , museum and garden programs affiliated with Let 's Move . As part of her ongoing initiative to get Americans ` moving ' in their own neighborhoods , the first lady is asking school children across the country to participate in her garden challenge . The first lady also encouraged the students to take the #GimmeFive garden challenge and create a garden in their communities and schools back home with a starter kit of seeds for the five vegetables they helped her plant . ' -LRB- It -RRB- gives you an opportunity to really see the impact that the Let 's Move ! initiatives are having , ' Mrs. Obama said . ` I encourage people to go check it out if they want to get involved in Let 's Move ! and see what 's going on in their communities . ' In celebration of the fifth anniversary of Mrs. Obama 's campaign to combat childhood obesity , the first lady also encouraged the students to take the #GimmeFive garden challenge and create a garden in their communities and schools back home with a starter kit of seeds for the five vegetables they helped her plant .