The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park , California . Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr. 's feat , the Sacramento Bee reported . ` I 'm overwhelmed , ' Weber told the newspaper . ` I 'm getting all kinds of phone calls , emails and all that stuff . ' Pilot : The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old Peter Weber Jr. , it 's been revealed -LRB- March 2015 photo -RRB- . Active : Weber has said he flies ` at least twice a month . ' He also still has his driver 's license -LRB- March 2015 file photo -RRB- . The record was confirmed after Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence , according to the Sacramento Bee . The newspaper reported that Weber 's flight experience goes back decades : he flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War , and also served as a Korean War flight instructor . All told , Guinness World Records says on its website that ` Peter has been a pilot for 72 years . ' According to Guinness , Weber was a flight cadet in 1943 . ` Peter went on to become a Lieutenant Colonel in the US Air Force , ' the website says . ` He retired from the Air Force in 1970 , and since then has flown for recreational purposes . ' Weber pulled off his March 30 flight at the age of 95 years and 143 days , Guinness says . Weber told the Sacramento Bee in March ` The reason I did it is because I though maybe I might have the record be - being the fact my age is 95 years , 4 months and 23 days . ' Years of experience : Weber reportedly was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a Lieutenant Colonel in 1970 -LRB- March 2015 file photo -RRB- . At the time , he said that Guinness recently made a new category for the oldest qualified pilot who still has a license and flies alone while speaking to the newspaper . Weber has been married to his wife since 1943 and is a father to a 70-year-old son , according to reports . The Sacramento Bee reported Weber still has his driver 's license -- and also pointed out that a since-deceased 105-year-old Colorado man holds the record for being the oldest pilot ever , according to Guinness . Cole Kugel 's final flight took place in 2007 before he died that June , Guinness says .