It was a case of so near , yet so far for the Queen today as she roared on her filly , Ring of Truth , at Newbury today . The monarch , who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat , appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box . Unfortunately for Her Majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner . Oh no ! The Queen allows herself a look of horror as Ring of Truth is narrowly pipped to the post . One is not amused : The Queen briefly looks glum before smiling at her second place finish . Better than nothing : The Queen 's second place appeared to go down well and she got a third place later on . The Queen , who has long been an avid racing fan , had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances after her horse Capel Path came in third . Newbury Racecourse is currently hosting the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials , one of the most prestigious dates on the flat racing calendar . The event , which coincides with the racecourse 's annual real ale festival , also saw runners owned by fellow royal Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai take to the track . Unfortunately for the Emirati , the horses bred by his Godolphin Stud also failed to triumph with one , Strong Chemistry , taking second place in the Dubai Duty Free Full Of Surprises Handicap . Despite failing to register a win , the 88-year-old monarch was on cheerful form and chatted happily to jockey Richard Hughes in the parade ring ahead of the Maiden Stakes . Top tips : The Queen chatted to Ring of Truth 's jockey Richard Hughes ahead of the race . Looking around : The Queen , joined by racing manager John Warren -LRB- second right -RRB- , toured the parade ring . Enjoying the day : Afterwards , she made her way back to the Royal Box in the grandstand . The Queen certainly has plenty to smile about , with her fifth great-grandchild due next weekend and sex claims against her son Prince Andrew struck out by a US judge . She has also been making the most of the recent spell of hot weather and has been pictured twice in the last seven days enjoying a trot around Windsor Great Park . The Queen , who usually rides wearing a silk scarf rather than a riding hat , first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a Shetland pony , named Peggy , aged four . Since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them Betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and Surprise , a grey gelding whom the Queen famously galloped down the course at Ascot in 1961 . Lovely : The Queen was resplendent in a cheerful fuchsia coat and a matching hat . Cheerful : The Queen has multiple reasons to be cheerful at the moment , including the impending royal birth . Great-grandchild : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second child will be her fifth great-grandchild . Recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over Trooping the Colour on horseback . Nevertheless , the Queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her Windsor stables . She is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably Prince Edward 's children , Lady Louise and James , Viscount Severn . Along with her thoroughbred race horses , the Queen also breeds Fell ponies and has a stud specialising in Highland ponies at Balmoral . So close : Ring of Truth -LRB- left -RRB- tries to make up the gap between her and Harvard Man . Pipped : In the event , Harvard Man galloped ahead to win the Maiden Stakes at Newbury .