The mere mention of Somalia elicits images of poverty or violent conflict for most people who have never travelled to the nation in the Horn of Africa . Their only exposure tends to be upsetting scenes on their television screens or negative stories in the newspaper , but its people are using the power of social media to show their homeland in a positive light . One of the brightest stars , Ugaaso Abukar Boocow , has become a celebrity on Instagram , where she is trying to change people 's perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of Somalia that most people have never seen . Scroll down for video . With nearly 70,000 followers , Ugaaso Abukar Boocow -LRB- pictured -RRB- has become a celebrity on Instagram . The 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of Somalia with her photos of everyday life . Ugaaso Abukar Boocow 's show a side of Somalia that most people would never discover on their own . This photo shows the ruins of a building along the Indian Ocean 's picturesque coast . With 68,000 followers , Ugaaso 's Instagram feed is a mixture of selfies , snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions , and humorous photos or videos . The 27-year-old 's followers and others who stumble upon her posts are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes , happy faces and stunning beauty spots , including the blue waters of the Indian Ocean and white-sand beaches . It 's also a project of discovery for Ugaaso , who works as a civil servant , and was two years old when she and her grandmother fled Somalia 's civil war and moved to Canada . Ugaaso settled in Toronto and lived there until she moved back to Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital , last year to reunite with her mum . Many of Ugaaso Abukar Boocow 's photos show local children playing on the beach . Ugaaso Abukar Boocow 's Instagram feed features selfies , snaps with friends and photos of beauty spots . The 27-year-old 's followers are surprised to see photos that showcase peaceful and stunning scenery . Ugaaso Abukar Boocow was two years old when she and her grandmother fled Somalia 's civil war . She told MailOnline Travel that she began posting photos as a way to keep in touch and assure her family and friends in Toronto that she was safe . She said : ` I try to be true to my world when I post . I post what I see and know to be true about Somalia - beaches , fresh fruit drinks , hauntingly beautiful architecture . ' She soon learned that there was an appetite for photos that showed a positive side to Somalia , and has amassed a legion of followers since she began posting pictures and videos regularly last August . After settling in Toronto , Ugaaso Abukar Boocow moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum . She began posting photos as a way to let her family and friends in Canada know that she was safe . Ugaaso said she is embracing her newfound fame and believes it 's her responsibility to show outsiders what everyday life is really like in the East African nation . She said : ` They 're delighted to see a different Somalia . I believe they 've been furtively rooting for us in their hearts all along . ` Rooting for us to be courageous , to overcome . They 've dreamed a better world for us and now they get to see that world materialised on Instagram . ' She 's still getting used to strangers recognising her from her photos and stopping her on the street . ` They 're really proud of me here in Somalia . I 'm amusing to them . They 're often stunned at my ability to speak the language flawlessly and they encourage me to continue showing the world `` our '' world - the ravishing Somalia known to `` us '' . ' Ugaaso Abukar Boocow soon learned that there was an appetite for photos showing Somalia in a positive light . She believes it 's her responsibility to show outsiders what everyday life is really like in Somalia . The 27-year-old has embraced her newfound fame and is still getting used to being recognised in public . Ugaaso Abukar Boocow began using Instagram to assure her family in Canada that she is safe in Somalia .