When politicians are determined to dodge the the question , it seems voters are turning to Google for the answers to the big issues in the general election . Party leaders might trade blows on deficit targets , austerity and brownfield developments , but it seems viewers at home are left in the dark , and use search engines to explain the terms . Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night 's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show . Voters watching last night 's TV debate were left wondering why David Cameron was not taking part . The contest saw Labour 's Ed Miliband , SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon , Ukip 's Nigel Farage , Green 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood . go head-to-head . Five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in the 90-minute BBC debate last night : Labour 's Ed Miliband , SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon , Ukip 's Nigel Farage , Green 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood . As the debate raged in Westminster 's Methodist Central Hall , Mr Cameron was 66 miles from the action at home in Oxfordshire . It did not take long before the Prime Minister came under fire from his political opponents for not taking part . Mr Miliband accused the Prime Minister of refusing to turn up to answer for his time in government , while Ukip 's Nigel Farage said it was a ` great shame ' that Mr Cameron was a no-show . This is the moment when Mr Miliband ruled out a coalition with Ms Sturgeon , telling her : ` It 's a no , I 'm afraid ' The central podiums were taken by Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood , Green leader Natalie Bennett andGreen leader Natalie Bennett . Ms Sturgeon was applauded by the live audience as she blasted : ` I think it 's a disgrace that David Cameron 's not here to defend his record . ' A list of the most searched for items on Google released by the search engine giant reveals the second most popular was : ` Why is David Cameron not at the debate ? ' The PM made the calculated risk to swerve last night 's live debate , in the hope that Labour would see its position attacked from all sides . Mr Cameron appeared in a seven-way debate on April 2 , which also included Lib Dem Nick Clegg , but months of wrangling over the debate formats culminated in last night 's so-called ` Challenger 's Debate ' , without anyone from the governing coalition parties .