A Turkish teenager returned home from work to find his entire family were dead from suspected food poisoning . Abdulkadir Zeyat , 45 , his 43-year-old wife Antika , and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country 's eastern Agri Province . Turkish authorities believe the family , which included siblings as young as three-years-old , died of food poisoning . Kemal Zeyat , 19 , had returned from work to his family home to find his six younger siblings -LRB- two of whom are pictured and his parents were dead . Mr and Mrs Zeyat , and six of their children -LRB- one of whom is pictured -RRB- are thought to have died from food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder used by the family for lightning purposes . Other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting . purposes . The only survivor was the couple 's eldest son , Kemal Zeyat , 19 , who had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul . He is now receiving counselling to try to come to terms with the devastating loss . Tragically , father Mr Zeyat - who would normally have been working away from home - had popped home to see his family when he too became a victim of the gas leak or food poisoning and died . The bodies of the family were found at the Turkish home -LRB- pictured being attended by police -RRB- by neighbours who became concerned after they noticed the house had been unusually quiet . Friends and neighbours called an ambulance but the family was pronounced dead at the scene . Kemal is now receiving counselling for the tragedy . The shocking discovery was made by the Zeyat family 's neighbours . Residents nearby had been concerned after they noticed the house and yard - usually filled with children laughing and playing - was eerily silent . When they went to check if everything was ok , they discovered the bodies of the children , aged between 3 and 18 years old , and of the parents . Neighbour Ates Demir , 43 , said : ` Nobody answered the door , so we broke it down . They looked so peaceful , lying there as if they were asleep , but they did n't wake up and we could n't see any signs of breathing . ` We called an ambulance but all they could do was to confirm everyone was dead . ' An investigation is currently under way into the cause of their deaths , according to village head Idris Ceri , 59 . The bodies have been taken to Doğubayazit State Hospital 's morgue for autopsy .