So it seems you are either with me or firmly against me : there does n't appear to be a middle ground after my comments about Tim Krul . It is a week since I criticised Newcastle United 's goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby after the Sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley . I 'm still struggling to work out why Krul did what he did . I have nothing against Krul , personally or professionally . He 's been one of the few players who have performed consistently for Newcastle in recent seasons , which led to him being part of Holland 's World Cup squad last summer . Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time . Krul smiles at Defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby . Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his half-time actions while speaking on Sky Sports . But coming together with an opponent and smiling after he 's scored against you in a match of such importance ? No , I 'm sorry . I ca n't understand why any player would feel the need to do that . At the end of the game ? That 's not an issue -- there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship . Think about the iconic image of Pele and Bobby Moore swapping shirts after Brazil had beaten England 1-0 at the 1970 World Cup or how two boxers will embrace after they have gone the distance -- that is fantastic to see . When Liverpool beat Chelsea in the 2005 Champions League semi-final at Anfield , the first thing I did at the final whistle was go over to see John Terry to offer my respects for how well he 'd played over the two legs . Would I have told him that at half-time with the game in the balance ? No chance ! We were talking about this subject at Sky on Monday morning . I bumped into former England rugby centre Will Greenwood and he told me a story about the end of the Rugby World Cup final in 2003 , when Australia 's Elton Flatley scored a penalty with the last kick to take the game into extra-time . Pele -LRB- left -RRB- and Bobby Moore hug and swap shirts after the 1970 World Cup match between Brazil and England . Elton Flatley -LRB- left -RRB- levels the 2003 Rugby World Cup final with the last kick of normal time . Luis Garcia celebrates his winner for Liverpool against Chelsea in the 2005 Champions League semi-finals . Will said he went up to Flatley after that successful conversion and said to him : ` Well done -- you 've got balls as big as houses for that . ' That is great sportsmanship but I 'm not sure I could have done the same if I 'd seen the World Cup ripped out of my hands . Andrew Flintoff , who famously went to console Brett Lee at the end of an Ashes Test in 2005 , joined in the debate on Twitter . He clearly felt I had been harsh on Krul and he told me cricketers applaud the opposition batsman when he passes 50 or 100 , quite often with a handshake . That 's all well and good . But will a batsman walk up to a bowler and pat him on the back after having his stumps uprooted ? We have never seen that happen nor are we likely to . You do n't congratulate the opposition at a time when your team have been put on the back foot . I carried that approach during my career . There were more talented players than me but I had desire , focus and would never lose my intensity . I never , for instance , ever considered shaking hands or hugging an opponent in the tunnel before a match . The attitude stemmed from my childhood . Growing up as an Evertonian , I would work myself into a frenzy in the week before a derby match . I despised Liverpool then and I wanted the players who I supported to feel exactly the same way . Andrew Flintoff -LRB- right -RRB- consoles Brett Lee after England beat Australia in the second Ashes Test in 2005 . Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- shoots and scores the opening goal on Sunday at the Stadium of Light . Defoe celebrates his strike which helped the Black Cats to victory in the Wear-Tyne derby . If , then , I 'd seen Neville Southall put an arm around Ian Rush 's shoulder after he 'd scored a goal , I 'd have been devastated . I took that approach when I ended up playing against Everton . Put it this way -- I could n't have shared a joke with Tim Cahill if he 'd scored 30 seconds before half-time like Defoe . I appreciate some people reading this will feel it was extreme but that 's how I operated . Gary Neville has told me regularly that if I ever want to go into coaching or management , I will have to lower my tolerance levels since modern players are different and it is n't worth falling out with them over certain things . I 'm not saying my way is right or wrong but to be at my best I needed to be tense and wound up . If I thought to myself I needed to say ` Well done ' to someone I was in direct competition with , I would n't have been thinking about winning the game in which I was involved . That was n't me . Gerard Houllier was a manager who held similar views . He once saw one of our foreign players hugging an opponent in the tunnel before a game at Anfield and went berserk afterwards . ` I never want to see that again from any of you -- you are going to war with them , ' he said . ` Save the hugging for in the bar afterwards . ' Carragher -LRB- left -RRB- argues with Gary Neville during a 2010 league match between Liverpool and United . Liverpool manager Gerard Houllier holds the FA Cup aloft after winning the trophy in Cardiff in 2001 . Houllier even told us before the FA Cup final in 2001 that he did n't want us looking into the stand to see our families ; given that I grew up watching players make the long walk at Wembley while waving to the crowd , that was quite a statement . But do you know something ? I loved that . There is a time and a place for showing mutual respect and it is after the final whistle has gone and you are in the bar afterwards . Before that , you have business to take care of and that should be the priority -- that 's why I felt so strongly about Krul . Others , of course , will take a different view and say I have been too harsh . I respect that . It does n't mean to say , though , that I can understand it . Underdogs City need show of strength . It is almost four years to the day since Manchester City struck a huge psychological blow in the battle to be top dogs in town . On April 16 , 2011 , Yaya Toure 's goal knocked Manchester United out of the FA Cup and set his club on a path of sustained success . It says everything for what was achieved back then at Wembley that City won six of the eight derbies that followed . Even when United won the title in 2013 , there was a feeling that it was down to unrest behind the scenes with Roberto Mancini rather than the brilliance of Sir Alex Ferguson 's squad . Player for player , City 's quality was superior to their old rivals . Manchester City 's Yaya Toure celebrates after scoring against United in the 2011 FA Cup semi-finals . Vincent Kompany -LRB- centre -RRB- lifts the trophy after Manchester City won the Premier League in 2012 . There is a similar feel about Sunday 's meeting at Old Trafford but this time City are vulnerable . United , having won their last five Barclays Premier League fixtures , are firm favourites and will feel confident of finally ending their neighbours ' title aspirations . If Louis van Gaal 's side win , the ramifications for City could be serious . There is no doubt United will spend big again in the summer and , with the full implications of Financial Fair Play kicking in , they might be able to recruit the players that City need . United will certainly fancy their chances but they should not take anything for granted . When the teams come out , City will still have the best striker on show in Sergio Aguero , the best midfielder in Toure , the most creative talent in David Silva and the finest defender in Vincent Kompany . Sergio Aguero -LRB- centre -RRB- in action for Manchester City against Crystal Palace on Monday night . Wayne Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- on the ball as Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal takes training on Friday . That quartet have not been at their best this season but , during the last four years , they have provided the best spine in the Premier League . They are n't the problem at City -- it 's the players around them who need to be improved . If City want to send a message to United -- and for next season -- Aguero , Silva , Kompany and Toure will have to show what we know they are capable of . Van Gaal is starting to put his stamp on United -- they have improved since the switch to 4-3-3 -- and has big ambitions . City have relished having United in their shade . To keep them there , they need a show of strength .