The lovers who got the most complaints in New York City for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where he works . The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a Dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn . The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex . Most complained : The building maintenance worker -LRB- left -RRB- and his girlfriend -LRB- right -RRB- , who is now four months pregnant , were complained about six times for excessive noise at the Bay Ridge block , official records show . Say it loud : This is the apartment block with six calls made to 311 - New York city 's non-emergency number - because of complaints of loud sex . Blue : The woman who was complained about was spoken to by police today . She later left , saying : ` I 'm doing what I 'm doing in my own apartment . I 'm not hurting anyone . ' The woman whose moans during sex sparked the highest number of complaints in New York said today : ` I 'm not hurting anyone ' . The woman , who declined to give her name , walked out of the apartment block wearing striped maxi dres , a white jacket and sunglasses . She looked upset and said she was hurt by all the attention - and revealed she was pregnant . She said : ` I 'm four months pregnant . ` I 'm doing what I 'm doing in my own apartment . I 'm not hurting anyone . My neighbors calling the city are going about it the wrong way ' . The league table , compiled by DNAInfo , showed that there were six complaints at the Bay Ridge block , which has 59 separate apartments . The outcome of the complaints was not recorded . Speaking to Daily Mail Online the boyfriend said that he did n't see what the problem was - and would n't mind if other people were as noisy as him . He outed himself after Daily Mail Online asked him and the building manager who had been making the complaints . The boyfriend said : ` I do n't believe it because I 'm the one who stays there . I pop in there a lot . ` I do n't think it 's true . I do n't understand why - other people make louder noises . Other people do the same . ` Everyone has their own way . People above and below us are noisy too . I sometimes stamp my feet to get them to quieter down . ` I would n't mind if the people next door were doing the same ! ' When Daily Mail Online knocked on the apartment door a dog barked loudly and after a pause a woman said : ` Hello ? ' Asked for comment she said : ` I 'm unavailable at the moment ' . Neighbour Siddharth Shah , 29 , a Long Island University student , said that sometimes the lovers fight and make a racket - but mostly they make love . He said : ` It happens three or four times a week though I 'm at school in the day so it could be more . ` They usually go at it for 10 to 15 minutes and I hear them all over the apartment . ` Sometimes it 's the bedroom and sometimes it 's in the lobby by the front door . ' Another neighbor said : ` It 's really loud . ` I have to put on music because you can hear everything . ' The building owner Madelene Behefte , 73 , said she had no idea about the complaints . She said : ` People should call the landlord before calling the city to complain ' . On the job : The building handyman complained about over noisy sex was at work today - at the apartment block where his girlfriend lives . House of noise : The apartment building is in Bay Ridge , close to New York harbor in Brooklyn . No idea : The building 's owner Madelene Behefte told Daily Mail Online she had no idea about the complaints . No respite : The front door of the apartment at the center of six complaints for noisy sex . It failed to stop neighbors from overhearing the couple 's antics . DNAInfo reported that New York 's 311 helpline , for non-emergency complaints to city authorities , recorded a total of 133 complaints about loud sex between January 1 2014 and February 12 2015 . Brooklyn , the borough now associated with trendy hipsters and home to would-be president Hillary Clinton 's campaign , had the highest number of complaints , at 42 . Brooklyn is the most populous of the city 's five boroughs . Queens was next with 37 , the Bronx and 31 and Manhattan had 23 . Staten Island recorded none . The website reported that on November 14 last year , a 311 operator logged : ` Neighbors are having very loud sex with the windows open that can be heard throughout the whole bldg. ' The complainant told the website the woman was ` moaning and screaming `` Oh yeah , oh , do it to me '' . ' It was followed by another woman shouting at the couple : ` Shut your f *** ing windows you wh ** e. ' Complaints to 311 are passed to police to investigate if they are available , but officers found no noise disturbance when they attended the Bay Ridge block .