Edinburgh 's European Challenge Cup hopes have been dealt a huge blow after Scotland international centre Matt Scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season . The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September 's World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year . He had played a major role in Edinburgh 's run to the European Challenge Cup semi-final where they play Newport Gwent Dragons at BT Murrayfield on Friday . Scott has n't played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month . With Glasgow 's Alex Dunbar also a major fitness doubt for the World Cup , Scott 's injury could leave Scotland coach Vern Cotter with a big gap to fill at centre . Mark Bennett of Glasgow will be first choice for outside-centre but it could be a fight between Peter Horne of Warriors and Duncan Taylor of Saracens , who missed the Six Nations through injury , for the inside-centre jersey . Scotland player Matt Scott in action during the RBS Six Nations match between against Ireland at Murrayfield . The Edinburgh medical staff had hoped that Scott 's shoulder would heal naturally but have decided further surgery is required as there has been no improvement over the last three weeks . A club spokeswoman said : ` It had been hoped that Matt would be able to manage his injury but , following consultation with specialists at Spire Murrayfield Hospital , the decision to perform an investigative arthroscopy was taken . ` This resulted in him requiring a further surgical procedure to help deal with his shoulder complaints . ` Matt will continue his rehabilitation programme with the Edinburgh Rugby medical team and wo n't play again this season . ' Scott was putting a brave face on having his season cut short by this latest injury blow . In a tweet , the Scotland and Edinburgh centre said : ` Gutted that my season is over already after getting surgery . ` Brings an end to a frustrating year for me but positive about next few months . ' Edinburgh are short of cover in the centre positions and will now rely on New Zealander Phil Burleigh and South African Andries Strauss -- who both started in the quarter-final away win over London Irish in the absence of Scott -- from now until the end of the season . Scott went under the knife last week but he has now been told he will have to be operated on again . Kiwi Sam Beard is the only other experienced centre at the club . To add to their woes , Edinburgh also have a major doubt over David Denton , who was forced off with a head knock in the 34-3 Pro12 loss to Munster on Saturday . Denton is following return-to-play protocols and a late decision on the back-row forward 's fitness will be taken . Without Scott and possibly Denton , Edinburgh will be less confident of overcoming the Dragons on Friday and reaching the Challenge Cup Final , where they would play Gloucester or Exeter . Like Edinburgh , the Dragons may be in the lower half of the table , but they are in a rich vein of form and have won three matches in a row . Their latest and biggest scalp was taken last weekend when they overcame Leinster 25-22 in the Pro12 . Hooker Ross Ford is desperate to defeat the Welsh and keep alive his dream of being part of the first Scottish professional club side to lift silverware . The Scotland international has managed just 14 games for club and country in the past year . Ford is one of seven survivors from the Edinburgh team that lost 22-19 in the Heineken Cup semi-final against Ulster three years ago . But the hooker insists reaching the European Challenge Cup Final at Twickenham Stoop on May 1 would overtake even that 2012 highlight . ` I have been at Edinburgh through many ups and downs , so to win the Challenge Cup would be my biggest achievement , ' said 85-times-capped Ford . ` It would also be a massive boost and something the club could take confidence from and build on in future seasons . It would n't just be good for us , but also for Scottish rugby . ` We did n't have a good Six Nations in terms of results and it would be a great boost to the game in Scotland if we manage to get to the final and win it . ' Ford insists Edinburgh have already forgotten that embarrassing home defeat to Munster and believes confidence remains high ahead of Friday 's match . ` This is a European Challenge Cup semi-final and we will all be up for it , ' said the 30-year-old former Scotland captain . ` We were n't at our best against Munster but we will be fixing what went wrong in training this week . ` What we have in our favour is home advantage and we can expect a big crowd who will give is us a lot of backing . ` I have detected an excitement among our fans about the European game and our whole Challenge Cup campaign . '