Dozens of Jet Airways passengers experienced some frightening moments today when a plane 's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at an airport in India . The plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho . The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety . Photos provided by a journalist show the plane tilting to one side and its left engine touching the runway . In statements posted on Twitter , Jet Airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue . Passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed , Indian media reported . The incident occurred as flight 9W2423 arrived at the airport in Khajuraho , about 375 miles south-east of Delhi in the state of Madhya Pradesh , from Varanasi , a 45-minute journey . After a brief stop in Varanasi the plane was scheduled to continue to Delhi . Photos provided to MailOnline Travel by a Live India journalist show the plane tilting to the left , with its left engine touching the runway and its emergency slides deployed . Passengers were forced to exit the Boeing 737-800 via its inflatable evacuation slides . Jet Airways said in a statement : ` Safety chutes were deployed and all 59 passengers and eight crew on board the aircraft disembarked safely and were transferred to the terminal . ` Jet Airways is making arrangements to transfer outbound guests to Varanasi and Delhi . ` An additional flight is also being operated on the Delhi-Varanasi sector to assist in accommodating the outbound guests . ' The Mumbai-based airline said India 's Directorate General of Civil Aviation -LRB- DGCA -RRB- , which is responsible for investigating aviation accidents and incidents , has been informed . It added : ` The safety of passengers is the airline 's number one priority and Jet Airways will be working closely with the authorities during the investigation into the cause of this incident . ' A government official told the Indian Express that no one was injured , but the runway is expected to be closed for 48 hours .