A mother-of-two who lost her eye to skin cancer is warning people against the dangers of wearing cheap sunglasses . Deborah Kane , from Tyldesley , Manchester , had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . The 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection . Scroll down for video . Deborah Kane , from Manchester -LRB- pictured -RRB- , had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop her skin cancer spreading to her brain . Debbie , pictured with her radiation mask , said , ` They drilled in through the back of my head to get to my eye , so it was a horrible experience ' Debbie , who recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming TV show called ` Fake Britain ' , says : ` I want to warn other women of the dangers of buying cheap sunglasses . The decision cost me my eye . ` But I know I 've been lucky , because through losing my eye , my life was saved . ' To celebrate her recovery , Debbie held an aptly named ` Eye Ball ' and named each table after a part of the eye . She hopes to repeat the event annually and has so far raised over £ 10,000 for The Royal Manchester Eye Hospital where she was treated . Debbie 's problems first began when she was 24 and had a cancerous mole removed from her neck . She was given the all-clear and put it behind her . Debbie went on to have two children , Annabel , now 14 , and Charlie , eight . ` Having one eye does n't stop me at all and I 've learned to be comfortable with the way I look , ' says Debbie , pictured with her niece . But in December 2011 , aged 42 , she began to suffer with blurred vision . She was eventually diagnosed with a malignant melanoma behind her right eye . Debbie says : ` My mind immediately went back to a teenage holiday in Lanzarote when I had been badly sunburned . I had blistered very badly on my neck , which was exactly the same place where I 'd first had skin cancer . ` I had scrimped on sunglasses too ; I bought cheap ones because they were trendy -- but they did n't protect my eyes at all . ` I used to buy lots of them every time I went on holiday because they only cost a couple of euros . I binned them all as soon as I was diagnosed with cancer . She is now cancer free but has to stay out of the sun , and wears a patch over her eye , as she 's never felt comfortable with a prosthetic eye . Pictured , Debbie with her doctors . ` My consultant confirmed that the sun was definitely the cause and that the holiday was likely the starting point for cancer . ` I was so angry , so frustrated with myself . But it was too late for that . ` The lump was so big it was forcing the eye up and out of the socket . ' Her eye had to be removed , to stop the cancer spreading to her brain , but her consultant had never done that type of surgery before . Debbie says : ` It was a huge risk and he discussed with experts from around the UK before my operation . In the end there were three consultants at my surgery . ` They drilled in through the back of my head to get to my eye , so it was a horrible experience . ' In 2012 , Debbie had nine hours of gruelling surgery followed by months of radiotherapy . But a year on , she made a good recovery and returned to work . In 2013 , she found a cancerous lump in her leg , which also had to be removed . Her consultant believes that Debbie 's eye and leg tumours were both caused by rogue cells from the original tumour in her neck . To celebrate her recovery , Debbie held an aptly named ` Eye Ball ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- and named each table after a part of the eye . She hopes to repeat the event annually and has so far raised over £ 10,000 for The Royal Manchester Eye Hospital where she was treated . She is now cancer-free but has to stay out of the sun , and wears a patch over her eye , as she 's never felt comfortable with a prosthetic eye . Speaking about her Eye Ball , she says : ` My friend did n't understand the concept and she told me she did n't want to sit on `` Len 's table '' because she might not like him ! ' Debbie says : ` Having one eye does n't stop me at all and I 've learned to be comfortable with the way I look . I work as a teacher , I drive a car and do everything like a normal mum . ` The way I see it , losing my eye saved my life . I just hope my story can save someone else . '