The remains of high school teacher and bride-to-be Stephanie Scott have been formally identified . The 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on Friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips . NSW Health says a post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner . ` Additional testing is being undertaken prior to the release of Ms Scott 's body to her family , ' a spokeswoman said . The Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott 's family to provide specialist grief counselling . Scroll down for video . The body of Stephanie Scott , pictured with her mother on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra , has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week . The adored teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley -LRB- left -RRB- . On Monday , Ms Scott 's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her wedding . The adored English and drama teacher disappeared from Leeton , a town in the Riverina region of NSW , approximately 550 km west of Sydney , on Easter Sunday while making final preparations for her honeymoon to Tahiti . Ms Scott 's grieving father Robert explained that it is especially painful that Stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . She was also a person who gave so much joy to others . ` Stephanie 's aim was to get everyone feeling like it was their wedding as much as hers , ' Mr Scott told The Daily Telegraph , describing Ms Scott 's bubbly and thoughtful personality . There are reminders of the wedding all over the house , yet instead of a wedding the Scott family must tragically prepare for Stephanie 's funeral . ` You walk around the house and there 's so many little things she planned for the wedding , ' said Mr Scott . Ms Scott 's grieving father Robert explained that it is especially painful that Stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . ` You walk around the house and there 's so many little things she planned for the wedding , ' said Mr Scott -LRB- left , pictured with Stephanie 's mother and one of her sisters -RRB- . A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley 's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue . The venue in Eugowra , pictured the day their wedding was scheduled to take place . It was decorated by loved ones with yellow balloons and flowers to pay tribute to murder victim Stephanie Scott . ` That 's the most devastating thing -- they 're not going to be used . ' Ms Scott was incredibly excited for her wedding day to her childhood sweetheart , Aaron Leeson-Woolley and had put a great deal of time and thought into making the big day perfect . The ceremony was due to go ahead on Saturday April 11 - however cruelly the day before her remains were discovered by police . Ms Scott and Mr Leeson-Woolley had been taking dancing lessons together to prepare for their first dance as an excited married couple , according to Robert . But the moment when Mr Leeson-Woolley should have been holding his new bride during their planned first dance to a Keith Urban song , he was inconsolable at his fiancée 's memorial . Police were lead to the place where Stephanie Scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . The happy couple , Aaron Leeson-Woolley and Stephanie Scott -LRB- both pictured right -RRB- , had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday . The high school where she worked turned into a memorial site after it emerged Ms Scott had been murdered . Ms Scott 's father says he has been contemplating the afterlife since Ms Scott 's shocking death , but is confident that his beautiful , sweet daughter is in ` the best possible place ' after living a life full of love and happiness . ` When you die I do n't know what happens really , but you leave this body and our spirit is what goes on , ' Mr Scott told The Daily Telegraph . ` She had plenty of spirit so , whatever happens , she should be in the best place possible because she had one of the best spirits you 've ever come across . ' Ms Scott 's father -LRB- second from left -RRB- says he has contemplated the afterlife since Ms Scott 's shocking death , but is confident that his sweet daughter is in ` the best possible place ' after living a life full of love and happiness . ` When you die I do n't know what happens really , but you leave this body and our spirit is what goes on , ' Mr Scott -LRB- far left -RRB- said . Mr Scott paid tribute to his daughter , remembering her joyful childhood from her birth in Sydney , early childhood in Sydney 's St Clair and time on the land from the age of nine , living in Canowindra . She loved her family , drama , soccer and school - eager for every opportunity to learn . It comes after local Leeton parents expressed anger over the loss of their children 's ` favourite teacher ' as the town continues to mourn the death of Stephanie Scott . Stephanie Scott was a ` favourite teacher ' to many students at Leeton High School . A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their children . ` Well said , my daughter has lost her favourite teacher , and she will never be the same , ' wrote Glenda Goolagong . Meanwhile Jodie Salerno posted : ` Stephanie was my son and 2 daughters favourite teacher at leeton high this ... has put so much pain and sadness on our comunity -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Ms Salerno told The Australian her three children ` do n't want to return ' to school because they are so upset over Ms Scott 's death . Detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Stephanie Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with Ms Scott 's murder on Thursday . NSW Police will get in contact with their counterparts in the Netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there , AAP reports . Stanford has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators . Daily Mail Australia has contacted NSW police for comment . A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their children . Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5 pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW . A policeman stands at a blocked off road in Cocoparra National Park near to the area where Ms Scott 's body was found . One of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , confirming transportation for guests . When police discovered the charred remains of Ms Scott 's body around 5 pm on Friday , after they were directed to Cocoparra National Park by Stanford 's family , they allegedly found a gasoline can nearby . It is understood Stanford was familiar to the area and went on regular camping trips to the national park on many occasions with his family . On Saturday - the day which English and drama teacher Ms Scott was set to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . On Saturday , the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , a memorial was held . Aaron Leeson-Woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . In a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on Saturday at Mountford Park in Leeton . The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday , when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial on Saturday . ` Our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ` I 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' Ms Scott 's grief-stricken fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life . A vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and English . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .