Bournemouth are within touching distance ; they can almost smell the big-time . Another hurdle on their way to the Premier League has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over Reading . This was tense , though . Manager Eddie Howe would testify to that . But winning a place in the top-flight has never been easy ; Bournemouth are finding exactly that out . Callum Wilson celebrates after opening the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute . Wilson opens the scoring for Bournemouth early on against Reading at the Madejski Stadium . READING : Federici , Gunter , A Pearce , Hector , Obita , Chalobah -LRB- Appiah 67 -RRB- , Karacan -LRB- Williams 59 -RRB- , Ake , McCleary , Mackie , Robson-Kanu -LRB- Aiyegbeni 81 -RRB- . Subs not used : Kelly , Norwood , Andersen , Stacey . Booked : A Pearce , Hector . BOURNEMOUTH : Boruc , Francis , Elphick , Cook , Daniels , Ritchie , Arter , Surman , Pugh -LRB- Smith 69 -RRB- , Kermorgant -LRB- Pitman 75 -RRB- , Wilson -LRB- Jones 90 -RRB- . Subs not used : Camp , Gosling , Fraser , Ward . Goal : Wilson 4 . Booked : Boruc , Francis , Wilson , Smith . Referee : Keith Stroud . Attendance : 18,917 . But , as of yet , the Cherries are n't choking , Callum Wilson 's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win at the Madejski Stadium . Howe said : ` It was nervy , with what 's at stake it was always going to be that way . We defended for our lives and showed incredible mental strength . It was a different kind of win than we 're used to , but results are the most important things now . ` I 'd much rather we were playing total football and doing what we 've done all season , but we are finding a new way to win and I 'll take that at this stage . ' There was no doubt over which team needed the three points more . This victory secured Bournemouth 's position in the top-six , meaning - at the very least - that they 'll have a crack at promotion via the play-offs . Reading , under Steve Clarke , have all but secured their Championship status , and with an FA Cup semi-final date at Wembley against Arsenal on the horizon the Royals , perhaps , had other matters on their mind . And so it proved as the Cherries took a fourth minute lead when Wilson fired home from close range after Andrew Surman 's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici 's far post . It was exactly the start Howe wanted as they looked to maintain their position at the Championship summit . But the visitors had goalkeeper Artur Boruc to thank in the 17th minute as he produced an outstanding one-handed save to deny Jamie Mackie 's close range effort from Jordan Obita 's cross . And Nathaniel Chalobah , Hal Robson-Kanu and Obita all waste good opportunities to level for the Royals as they mustered a promising response to going behind . These were worrying moments for Howe , who paced regularly from the dugout to his technical area to holler instructions at his players . And despite Yann Kermogrant sending a towering header from Marc Pugh 's cross narrowly wide during the dying seconds of the first-half , Bournemouth 's early mojo had vanished . Bournemouth 's Simon Francis -LRB- left -RRB- on the run with Nathaniel Cahalobah in hot pursuit . Players appeal to referee Keith Stroud -LRB- right -RRB- as Wilson lies injured on the ground . Howe would have been happy to get his players in at half-time ; his side , in truth , were starting to rock . That 's what pressure does to a team . In fairness to the Cherries , though , not once did they part with the passing principles that have put them on the brink of automatic promotion . And the south-coast club looked to have regained their composure during the opening exchanges of the second half . Though , goalscorer Wilson was booked for diving in the 55th minute as the striker took the necessity for points too far . Yet , despite his side 's improvement , Howe looked far from comfortable in his technical area . And Bournemouth were struggling to create the opportunities that would have calmed their manager 's obvious nerves . Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe -LRB- centre -RRB- and his players applaud the travelling support . There were nervy moments for the travelling Bournemouth fans as the end of the match approached . One mistake , one moment of magic from a Reading player and this match would have been back in the balance . Not only the match , but his side 's chances of automatic promotion . Matt Richie went within inches of providing Howe and his team the cushion that they desperately craved in the 63rd minute . The Royals defence made a mockery of trying to clear a Bournemouth throw deep inside their half , the ball eventually fell to Richie who let fly with a curling left-footed effort that skimmed the top of Federici 's far post . Steve Cook then saw his half-volley from the edge of the area held by Federici as the visitors started to turn the screw . Wilson -LRB- bottom -RRB- is challenged by Reading 's Alex Pearce during the Championship clash . Reading manager Steve Clarke gestures to his players but the hosts could not find a way back . But Reading refused to lie down , and had Danny Williams not miskicked in the final six minutes then the hosts could easily have pulled level . Wilson missed a glorious chance to seal victory for Bournemouth in the 87th minute , but his control let him down at the vital moment . And the visitors had endure some terrifying moments as Reading laid siege to the Cherries goal . But Howe 's side held on for another vital victory as their promotion bandwagon rolls on ... just .