A trend we are just starting to get our heads around is the Wide Leg Trouser . Be it denim , cropped , printed or striped , the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends . There 's something effortless about a wide leg trouser that really appeals . And if like us you are growing tired of the skinny jean and want to try out a new look this could be your answer . Louise Redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean . Skinny jeans have held court for quite a few years now and while they will never go out of style the wide leg will give you an alternative look . It 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the Seventies . Lou tried the out the trend seven years ago with a Stella McCartney flared jean - luckily she kept hold of them ! The wide leg can be intimidating , especially if you 're on the shorter side . But the key is all in the shoe . Huge amounts of fabric is hard to look flattering but if you keep your heels high and your top half simple you can pull it off with confidence . A high heeled shoe with an exposed top of foot will elongate the leg , a must when wearing a cropped voluminous trouser . Louise and Emma say to avoid being drowned by too much fabric try a high heeled shoe . Louise recommends pairing a wide-leg with a simple knit to keep the outfit in proportion . If going for a longer length go high-waisted and very long to give extra leg length . Proportion is everything , team with a simple knit , shirt or tee to keep the look current and cool , not costume . Denim is the easiest way to nail the trend - Gucci revisited the Seventies with a collection filled with flared jeans in vintage washes . The stylish pair agree that denim is the easiest way to achieve the trend . The wide-leg trouser made an appearance on several catwalks including on the runway of Gucci SS15 who showcased a denim take on the trend , for a high street take try the Topshop Miller jean -LRB- right -RRB- . Celine showcased colourful billowing bottoms on their SS15 runway . Topshop meanwhile have been quick to follow suit with their version - the Miller - a 1970s-style wide leg flare . Celine and Stella McCartney kept it classy with a dressier-style pant , perfect for an evening look . Try new online label Finery London for a similar style with a lower price tag . A wide billowing trouser silhouette will update your wardrobe this season and the bonus is it 's one spring trend you do n't need nice weather for . To shop our looks and for more wide-leg trouser inspiration head to astylealbum.com . Lou & Em xx . Poppy Delevingne channeled the trend at the AW15 Chloe show in Paris .