Sunderland have been branded ` disgraceful ' following their shock decision not to suspend Adam Johnson despite the player facing child sex charges . The 27-year-old has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming and could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty . But Sunderland -- just one point above the Premier League relegation zone -- announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke . Sunderland midfielder Adam Johnson leaves Peterlee police station on Thursday after being charged . The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland despite the child sex charges . Johnson , who could face up to 14 years in prison , will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 . Apr 25 - Stoke -LRB- a -RRB- . May 2 - Southampton -LRB- h -RRB- . May 9 - Everton -LRB- a -RRB- . May 16 - Leicester -LRB- h -RRB- . May 20 - Arsenal -LRB- a -RRB- . May 24 - Chelsea -LRB- a -RRB- . Jill Saward was the first rape victim in England to waive her legal right to anonymity and she has urged fans to boycott the Stadium of Light because of the decision . ` It is very difficult for families and for young girls who like going to football , who support football , ' she said . ` Hopefully , people will not turn up . ' She added : ` In any other situation like that , it would be the norm to suspend him . The fact the football club are n't doing so sends a very poor message . ` Most of the clubs put money ahead of morality and I think it is disgraceful because it just sends a message out to people that , actually , all they 're interested in is their results , all they 're interested in is winning . ' However , Jim Gilling , secretary of the Coxhoe Supporters ' Group , believes Johnson should be free to play . ` It 's the right decision , ' he said . ` We have to remember he is not guilty of anything yet . ` But the club have left their decision open and it may well be that they reverse it should circumstances change . ' Manager Dick Advocaat supports the club 's stance and admits Johnson is ` an important player ' as they fight relegation . But many fans are concerned that the decision has been taken on footballing grounds given the threat to their top-flight status . Steve Dean , secretary of the SAFC Liaison Group , told Sportsmail : ` I am very surprised the club did not suspend him . ` Going out of the Premier League would cost the club millions of pounds and that is often the first consideration these days . The England international -LRB- right -RRB- was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing on Thursday . Johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the Sunderland winger arrived at the police station on Thursday . CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL TABLE . ` I never miss a game and no-one wants to see Sunderland in the Premier League more than me , but morally I think the decision is wrong . If they were in mid-table I suspect it might have been different . Clive Dent , secretary of the Sedgefield Supporters ' Group , agrees . ` I would prefer it if he did n't play , ' he said . ` Now he has been charged he is going to be even more of a target for supporters . He 's going to get hammered . ' Advocaat was not consulted over the issue . He will decide whether Johnson is in the right frame of mind to start on Saturday . And the Dutch boss said : ` I 've got a decision to make -LRB- as to whether I play him -RRB- . He is an important player for us . The club have made a statement and I stand behind that . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .