At two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall , the Ming Dynasty 's ` Martial City ' had a reputation that struck fear into opposing armies . So much so that battle plans would be drawn up to specifically give the castle at Zhangjiakou , in China 's northern Hebei province , a wide berth . Now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory , in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading Mongolian armies could throw at it . Among the works being carried out at Wanquan Castle is the restoration of the fortress ' dilapidated outer wall . Workers restore the southern barbican entrance to Wanquan Castle , which was known as the Ming Dynasty 's ` Martial City ' The fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading Mongolian armies . The fortress measures some two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall . The restoration of the fortress - which was given the coveted title of ` Wucheng ' or ` Martial City ' after its construction in 1393 - will see building work completed in the original Ming Dynasty style of architecture , reports People 's Daily Online . The project will see the restoration of the Ming and Qing era commercial districts , the Great Wall Martial Museum , the Golden Harvest Academy and performance theatres as well as the opening of the Red Tourist Route , with all work planned to be complete in 2016 . The restoration work will also include the ongoing protection of surviving structures . The castle in Wanquan county - known in China as a ` living fossil of the Ming military system ' - was built in 1393 but is relatively well-preserved , especially the interior city area which includes the residences of generals and wealthy merchants . The fortress has huge historical , cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status in China . While much of the interior city is in good condition , the outer wall is somewhat dilapidated and will be the focus of much of the work . The restoration work , which is due to be completed next year , will where possible be carried out in the style of Ming Dynasty architecture . The Ming Dynasty ruled China for 276 years , between the years 1368 and 1644 , and is often described as the last of the great Chinese dynasties . During the era large scale architectural and civil engineering projects were created or expanded , including the Great Wall of China , the Grand Canal and the Forbidden City , located in Beijing . It took 15 years to build , using more than one million workers , and has almost 1,000 buildings . Art flourished during the Ming Dynasty , which saw an explosion of literature , painting , poetry , music and porcelain - with Ming vases and plates valuable collector items to this day . Following popular uprising and rebellions across China , the Chinese army was defeated and the Ming Dynasty collapsed when its last emperor Chongzhen hanged himself on a tree in the imperial garden outside the Forbidden City , in 1644 . Source : Wikipedia .