Fans of the beloved musical The Sound of Music have a chance to get their hands on their own pair of authentic von Trapp family lederhosen , as costumes from the iconic film go up for auction at the end of the month . Worn by the von Trapp children throughout much of the movie , the flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews -- at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings ' drab uniforms . Now , seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a VHS cassette tape of the film signed by actor Dan Truitt , who played Rolff von Trapp , are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off at Nate D. Sanders on April 30 . ` The costumes are especially interesting because they 're made of actual curtain fabric , ' Laura Yntema , the auctions manager , explained . ` The costume designer wanted to be as authentic as possible so this fabric , which is a canvas type of material , was used . Costume revival : The floral lederhosen and dresses worn by the von Trapp children -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the 1965 classic The Sound of Music are going up for auction at the end of the month . The hills are alive : Maria -LRB- Julie Andrews , pictured far right -RRB- can be seen singing with the von Trapp children in the 1965 classic . She added : ` This is n't always the case and sometimes movie costumes look surprisingly different than how you see them in person without lighting and set design . ' The costumes , which are being auctioned as one single lot , include a jumper and matching shorts set wore by Debbie Turner as Marta , two lederhosen-style outfits with straps that were worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich , a jumper with suspenders worn by Kim Karath as Gret , two sleeveless dresses worn by either Angela Cartwright as Brigitta or Heather Menzies as Louisa , and a dress with princess sleeves that was worn by Charmian Carr as Liesl . According to the description on the Nate D. Sanders , all seven costumes were either acquired from an auction of outfits from legendary Hollywood costume supplier , Western Costume , held in July 1994 , or have been supplied directly by Western Costume . ` There were a few sets of these curtain costumes produced by Western Costume , who made them for the film , and these sets were sold by Western Costume in the early 1990s , ' Ms Yntema explained before adding : ` This is the last set to be made available for auction since then . ' New look : Marie made the children 's outfits in the film to to add a splash of color to their drab uniforms . Bold breeches : The lederhosen style outfit with straps -LRB- pictured -RRB- being auctioned off were worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich in the film . All aboard : Marie and the von Trapp children are pictured in a canoe . While all of the costumes are described as having ` minor spotting ' , the auction house insists that they are in otherwise fine condition . ` All seven look really stunning and when they 're displayed -LSB- and -RSB- just evoke the magic of this beloved film , ' Ms Yntema said . The hills will no doubt be alive with the sound of cash registers if the set of floral outfits reach their estimated price . Nate D. Sanders is also having a separate auction for The Sound of Music script used by cinematographer Ted McCord , who was nominated for an Academy award for his work on the film . And these are n't the only iconic Hollywood pieces fetching big bucks at auction . Jennifer Lawrence 's outfits from one of her earliest films , The Burning Plain , are being sold on the auctioneer 's website along with wardrobe pieces from other films including Iron Man and Tron . Royal touches : This dress with princess sleeves was worn by actress Charmian Carr , who played Liesl in the movie . Pretty pattern : These sleeveless dresses were worn by Heather Menzies as Louisa -LRB- L -RRB- and Angela Cartwright as Brigitta -LRB- R -RRB- . Two piece outfit : This jumper and matching shorts were worn by Debbie Turner as Marta . 1 . Jumper and matching shorts worn by Debbie Turner as Marta . Shorts contain 20th Century-Fox label stitched to waist , and costume label tag pinned to jumper . Jumper measures 11.5 ' across the chest , shorts measure 10 ' across the waist . 2 . Lederhosen style outfit with straps , worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich . Contains Western costume label to inside waist with ` Nicholas Hammond chg . £ 4 ' typed to inside . Waist size 27 . Also contains costume tag from Butterfield and Butterfield with the name of Duane Chase , who played Kurt in the film . 3 . Jumper with suspenders worn by actress Kim Karath as Gretl . Contains 20th Century Fox label handwritten ` K. Karath ' inside near the hip . Measures 14.5 ' across the waist . 4 . Sleeveless dress worn by actress Heather Menzies as Louisa . Contains green ties at the hip and Western Costume labels handwritten ` Louisa SOM ' . . Measures 12.5 ' across the waist . 5 . Sleeveless dress worn by Angela Cartwright as Brigitta . With bib lapel and ` SOM ' written to the inside near the collar . Measures 13 ' across the waist . 6 . Lederhosen style outfit with straps , worn by Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich . Contains Western costume label to inside waist with ` Nicholas Hammond chg . £ 4 ' typed to inside . Waist size 27 . 7 . Dress with princess sleeves worn by actress Charmian Carr as Liesl . Contains Western Costume label handwritten ` Charmine -LSB- sic -RSB- SOM ` to inside . Measures 13.5 ' across the chest . The gray and black dress worn by Vivien Leigh when she played Scarlett O'Hara in the 1939 movie classic ` Gone with the Wind ' has been sold at auction for $ 137,000 . According to Heritage Auctions in Beverly Hills , California the embroidered dress went for more than double its starting price of $ 60,000 on Saturday . Scarlett 's dress was part of an extensive collection of memorabilia from the film gathered by James Tumblin , a former makeup artist from Universal studios . Real props : The pieces come with the original labels from 20th Century Fox and Western Costume Co. . Added bonus : The costume collection also comes with a VHS cassette tape of the film signed by Dan Truitt , who played Rolff . Special copy : The Sound of Music script owned and signed by Academy Award nominated cinematographer Ted McCord , which includes his own annotation and notes , is also being sold by Nate D. Sanders . About 150 items were up for auction , including the straw hat with green ribbons worn by Scarlett on the day of a picnic at the start of the film . While her hat fetched $ 52,500 , one of her blouses went for $ 32,500 . Among the other items on sale were a gray suit worn by the character Rhett Butler , played by Clark Gable , which fetched $ 55,000 . The multiple Academy Awards winning movie is the film adaptation of Margaret Mitchell 's 1936 Civial War-era epic novel of the same name . Epic romance : Ashley Wilkes -LRB- Leslie Howard -RRB- and Scarlett O'Hara -LRB- Vivien Leigh -RRB- have a passionate moment in the classic film Gone With the Wind . Pricey dress : This period costume dress worn by Vivian in Gone With the Wind was sold for $ 137,000 on Saturday .