A pair of twins who play together on the court in the NBA are being investigated for teaming up to assault their former mentor in Arizona after he sent ` inappropriate ' text messages to their mother . Identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris , who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns , are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January . Phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game . Scroll down for video . Markieff Morris -LRB- No. 11 , left -RRB- and Marcus Morris -LRB- No 15 , right -RRB- are forwards for the Phoenix Suns in the NBA . Marcus -LRB- left -RRB- and Markieff -LRB- right -RRB- with mother Thomasine Morris while they were attending Kansas University . The Morris twins are being investigated for allegedly assaulting Erik Hood at 7:30 pm on Saturday , January 24 . No charges have been filed and no arrests have been made , but a Maricopa County Attorney 's Office spokesman confirmed prosecutors are continuing to review the case submitted by police , the Arizona Republic reported . The alleged assault happened around 7:30 pm on Saturday , January 24 , outside the central Phoenix gym , according to CBS5-TV . Hood , 36 , told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a ` falling out ' . He told police he sent a text telling the twins ' mother , Thomasine Morris , he 'd ` always be there for her ' and that another friend , Julius Kane , 25 , saw the message and concluded their relationship was sexual in nature . The twins , 25 , who are basically inseparable at all times , prefer to be called Team FOE -LRB- Family Over Everything -RRB- . Hood told police he sent a text telling the twins ' mother , Thomasine -LRB- pictured -RRB- he would ` always be there for her ' The former basketball player showed police photographs of himself with the twins . In addition to the twins , who like to be called Team FOE -LRB- Family Over Everything -RRB- , Hood also said Kane helped carry out the assault against him . During the reported confrontation , Hood told police he was held down , punched in the head , kicked and then beaten to the point of unconsciousness after he was able to briefly escape . Following the assault , witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a Rolls-Royce Phantom . The twin brothers both declined to comment after Phoenix lost to the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night . After the assault , witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a Rolls-Royce Phantom -LRB- example pictured -RRB- . Police say five suspects assaulted Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The Morris twins previously denied assaulting Hood . Hood ended up with abrasions , a large knot on his head and a broken nose . The woman he was with corroborated his story and also identified the twins and Kane . The Morris twins have denied assaulting Hood , but Markieff did admit being at the game because he sponsors one of the teams with Marcus . They both declined to comment after their loss to the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night . Markieff and Marcus live together , have the same tattoos , the same agent and recently signed a four-year extension worth $ 52million which they were allowed to divvy up however they wanted , Rolling Stone reported . -LRB- Markieff is now getting $ 8million a year and Marcus is getting $ 5million . -RRB- . Marcus , who is younger by seven minutes , said : ` We 've been like this since we were young . ` We 've always been doing everything together . ` Whether it 's kickball , baseball , whatever -- we 've always been together . ' Before the NBA , the twins attended Kansas University where they both majored in American Studies and took every single class together .