A narrow two-bedroom home so small it is only 5ft wide in places has been snapped up for a staggering £ 750,000 . The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington , north London . Despite being only a little wider than a rugby player 's shoulders , the estate agency blurb described the property as being ` well proportioned ' . Scroll down for video . The tiny home -LRB- circled -RRB- , sandwiched between two other properties , which has sold for £ 750,000 , is located on a leafy street in Islington , north London . Inside , the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas , a little over the size of a rugby player 's shoulders and its maximum width is 8ft 8in . The home has what boat owners would call a narrow ` galley kitchen ' , an expert has said , with the estate agency calling it ` well proportioned ' The property is a two-bedroom apartment , with a narrow but long and extended back section . It also features tiny study , reception room , shower room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden and is said to be garnering a lot of interest . It has two-bedrooms , a tiny study , reception room , shower room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden . At its widest , it stretches across 8ft 8in . The property was put on the market with Foxtons for £ 750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001 . Neither its dimensions nor its size put off buyers - with the estate agency yesterday confirming the home was now under offer . The advert called it a ` stylish two bedroom period house ' which ` offers beautifully bright living space throughout with characterful touches and a pretty rear garden ' . Foxtons declined to comment . At a price of £ 750,000 , the buyer will have to pay £ 27,000 in stamp duty - the same as a second-hand narrow boat which is 50ft long . Henry Pryor , a buying agent , said : ` This home must be one of the few in which you genuinely could not swing a cat . ` Strangely the first floor master bedroom is wider than the ground floor room below and it has what boat owners would know as a `` galley kitchen '' . ` A lot of buyers would struggle with the idea of living in a home little bigger than a cricket net . ' Late last year a 34-bedroom North Devon mansion which is 40 times the size of the Islington home sold for just £ 600,000 . The property 's backyard is a narrow strip of land stuck between the house and a neighbour 's fence . The backyard deck runs along the roof of a room in the tiny house giving the occupants a place to sit outside on sunny days . At a price of £ 750,000 , the buyer will have to pay £ 27,000 in stamp duty . It previously sold for only half the price when it was on the market in 2001 .