Kevin Carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in Devon after 19 months . A British barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes . Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . Now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point . And in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world . The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday . If he is successful , Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss , by 24 hours . Mr Denniss completed his run in 2013 . Mr Carr 's effort is the first unsupported trip around the world , having relied on the generosity of people he has met on his journey . At the start of March , Mr Carr was seven days behind schedule , but he managed to increase his daily run to 44 miles and is now a day ahead of schedule . During his run , Mr Carr has travelled though 26 countries , across Europe , Australia , New Zealand and North and South America . For most of his journey , Mr Carr pushed his tent in front of him in a giant buggy although he was able to ditch that back in Ireland . Mr Carr embarked on his epic journey to raise money for the mental health charity Sane because he has suffered from depression . His goal , as well as raising cash , is to prove that because someone my be sometimes ill , they do not have ` a weak mind ' . He told The Independent : ` I have always wanted to see how far I can go . What 's the limit to our endurance ? I simply want to hold the record as the fastest man around the world . It 's the purest test of endurance , the natural limit of planet Earth . ` You simply can not go further on our world , unless you begin running laps . ' Mr Carr ran through Europe , before flying to India and then onto Australia and New Zealand . He then went to Canada and the United States , before crossing Chile and Argentina . Finally he flew into the west coast of Ireland before arriving back in Devon . Mr Carr , pictured , has crossed five continents epic journey , starting in Haytor , on Dartmoor in Devon . During his journey , Mr Carr pushed a cart containing all his belongings including his tent . Mr Carr , pictured , is just hours away from completing his trip in a record time beating the previous holder . He said : ` I 've pushed my tired legs through most of Europe , India , Australia , New Zealand , Canada and the US . `` I ` have encountered some pretty scary things along the way , from packs of wild dogs in Romania to the most extreme weather conditions imaginable . ` Most frightening of all , however , was coming face-to-face with bears in Canada . ` One of the bears stalked and then actively came for me . ` I used the bear bangers that someone had given me and , after three misfires , thankfully my fourth attempt sent the bear packing . ` I 've had to endure a lot of suffering too . I had severe heatstroke in India and have twice been hit by cars . ' During his trip , Mr Carr , pictured , has been chased by wild dogs and come face-to-face with bears . Mr Carr , pictured , is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours .