More than 250 million emergency calls are made each year but two thirds have inaccurate location information , resulting in an estimated 10,000 deaths . To make this process easier , developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app . Users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you do n't have signal . Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button - and it works even if the user does n't have signal . The app was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT . Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's GPS location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . If the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ` roam ' onto another network to connect the call . This is a feature built into most phones already . The app was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT . Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's GPS location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . If the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ` roam ' onto another network to connect the call . This is a feature built into most phones already . Calls can also be routed through a Wi-Fi network . Users can additionally send photos or videos , depending on the emergency dispatcher and the region . The app can be used in 135 countries , and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions . Calls can also be routed through a Wi-Fi network . Once connected , the caller does n't have to speak as the majority of the information is sent automatically . Users can additionally send photos or videos , depending on the emergency dispatcher and the region . The app can be used in 135 countries , and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions . It also does n't require the user to speak the language of the country they are in , which is useful when on holiday . RapidSOS will begin testing the software in Texas next month and has launched a Kickstarter campaign to launch the app globally . ` We spent two years working with over 100 dispatch centers globally to develop RapidSOS One-Touch-911 , ' said the firm . ` This award-winning technology is the most efficient and effective system for communicating during a life-threatening emergency , transmitting data from your phone directly to first responders in a matter of seconds . Each call is placed with the phone 's GPS location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached -LRB- shown -RRB- . If the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ` roam ' onto another network to connect the call . Calls can also be routed through a Wi-Fi network . ` Running off RapidSOS ' emergency communications platform , One-Touch-911 has the built in intelligence to manage any emergency you face : Limited , intermittent , or no cell service ? Unable to speak on the phone ? Non-native English speaker ? No idea where you are ? Unsure what precisely to report ? No problem . ` With the push of a button first responders are on their way . ' Elsewhere , the app lets users simultaneously alert multiple friends and families of their emergency at the touch of a button . It additionally syncs with physical panic buttons that can be placed around a home , school or office for example , to connect with the app via Bluetooth . Pressing the button makes a call to a pre-determined service . The app can be used in 135 countries , and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions -LRB- pictured -RRB- . RapidSOS will begin testing the software in Texas next month and has launched a Kickstarter campaign to launch the app globally . Elsewhere , the app lets users simultaneously alert multiple friends and families of their emergency . It additionally syncs with physical panic buttons that can be placed around a home , school or office for example , to connect with the app via Bluetooth . Pressing the button makes a call to a pre-determined service .