Manchester City supporters sing a song with the line : ` We 're not really here . ' It sums up the approach of many of their fanbase -- they have n't fully bought into the idea that City could be one of the giants of Europe . Celebrity fan Ricky Hatton wants ` the old City back ' , while rock-God City lover Noel Gallagher says there is ` apathy ' towards the Champions League among the fans . Manuel Pellegrini could be worried about his position at Manchester City after losing against their fierce rivals . -LRB- Left to right -RRB- Segio Aguero , Yaya Toure and James Milner look dejected as they await kick-off after a goal . Boxer Ricky Hatton , pictured at the Etihad for a press conference in 2008 , says he wants ` the old City back ' Noel Gallagher says there is ` apathy ' towards the Champions League among the City supporters . 5 - Games lost by City in 2015 , one more than the whole of 2014 . 13 - City 's position in the Premier League form table after losing four and winning two of their last six . 4 - The first time since losing 4-3 to United in 2009 that City have conceded four in the league . 9 - City have nine points fewer than they did at this stage last season . 70.8 - City 's pass completion rate percentage at Old Trafford was their worst of the season . One of the weirdest things I 've been hearing lately is people saying Manuel Pellegrini was the right man at the right time for Manchester City . Their logic is that his calm was needed after the Roberto Mancini reign ended with a fractured dressing room , and an FA Cup final defeat at the hands of Wigan Athletic . Pellegrini is calm but it was the worst kind of short-term thinking which has led to City now clinging on to fourth place . The dressing room calmed down temporarily , but he does n't have the character or gravitas to galvanise a group of players when the going gets tough . He 's punching above his weight at Manchester City . City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game . They need to fill up the half-empty glasses of the supporters at the Etihad . Pellegrini 's appointment would have suited those fans who resist the charge towards potential greatness . He is not a great manager . Look at his record before he arrived in England . He 's done well but there is no evidence of greatness , and no suggestion of greatness to come . Frank Lampard applauds the travelling fans at Old Trafford as he leaves the pitch with goalkeeper Joe Hart . Louis van Gaal shakes hands with his opposite number Pellegrini after the final whistle at Old Trafford . Jose Mourinho ? Ronald Koeman ? Sean Dyche ? Not even close ... Louis van Gaal should be crowned manager of the year . Forget Eden Hazard and Michael Carrick ... the best player in the Premier League this weekend was Leicester 's Jamie Vardy . And so it has proved . The signings Manchester City have made have also smacked of small-time thinking . They do n't go for the great players anymore , they 're not in that market . Jesus Navas is the perfect example : he is quick and that 's it . He missed a great chance at the start of the Manchester derby because his end product is so poor . He cost a relatively cheap £ 15million , but at 29 years old -LRB- he was signed in 2013 -RRB- , you wonder what the logic was behind this purchase . He 's not good enough to be a regular in the starting line-up at a club with ambitions of dominating the Champions League and Barclays Premier League . Why were n't City in the market for Cesc Fabregas ? Or Diego Costa ? How come they did n't sign Angel di Maria ? Financial Fair Play is often used as the excuse -- it 's holding City back apparently . Look at United , look at Chelsea -- be cleverer with the spreadsheets and FFP is n't a problem . Aguero and Jesus Navas prepare for a free-kick at Old Trafford as the latter struggles to inspire the side . Navas is not good enough to be a regular in the starting XI at a club with ambitions of dominating Europe . City opted against going in the market for players such as Cesc Fabregas -LRB- left -RRB- and Angel di Maria . City 's failure to make any kind of serious progress in Europe reflects badly on English football , but the fault is with the club . They need to think bigger and drag themselves towards greatness . Make big signings , they will improve the team , and if they arrive , they will motivate the big players already at City . Yaya Toure strikes me as the kind of player who will raise his game significantly if he had Sami Khedira alongside him , rather than Fernando . The big message out of City this season has been how brilliant and shiny their new academy set-up is . And it is truly spectacular -- a world-class facility . But they do n't have the team to match it and they absolutely do n't have the manager . If they choose to lose Pellegrini , then they need to think big next time and go for a manager showing true potential to be great -- like Diego Simeone or Jurgen Klopp . Pellegrini has been accused of punching above his weight at Premier League champions City . Diego Simeone -LRB- left -RRB- or Jurgen Klopp could be potential replacements for the City manager . Carlo Ancelotti is another that fits the bill if he was to leave current club Real Madrid at the end of the season . Two managers at less fashionable clubs , trying to fight with the big boys in their domestic league and in Europe . Or go for greatness itself -- Carlo Ancelotti fits the bill , and so does the man we all expected the hierarchy at City to deliver -- Pep Guardiola . When Sheik Mansour arrived at Manchester City he declared that he wanted the club to be winning in Europe . They 're still not doing that , and it 's about time City went to the next level , for their own good , and for the good of English football . It 's like they poked their head out of United 's shadow for a few seconds and got burned by the sunshine . Think big City , or forever stay small .