A seven-year-old British boy has fallen 160ft to his death from a cliff in the Alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday . Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area , according to a source . The Welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri , elder brother Gerwyn , 19 , and nine-year-old sister Antonia when the accident took place . A seven-year-old British boy has died after getting separated from his parents on a family skiing holiday in the French resort of Flaine near Geneva -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . He fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents . Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events , but they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday after leaving the marked ski slope to look for his family . Investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff , which overshadows the Lac de Flaine . One theory is that he wandered away from a blue run to try to find his family , while there has also been speculation that he may have fallen off one of the ski resort 's lifts . His frantic family began searching for him at around 4 pm . They scoured the piste and , increasingly worried , alerted the piste patrol who launched a search . At around 6 pm search and rescue workers discovered his tracks in the snow leading through woodland up to the top of the cliff , where they found his abandoned skis . He was then spotted by rescuers in a helicopter , and they recovered his body at around 7.30 pm from the bottom of the cliff . The area was described as a ` dangerous , out-of-bounds area ' by emergency services , who said rescuers had to be winched down from a helicopter to retrieve the body . The conditions in the French ski resort of Flaine -LRB- pictured -RRB- were clear and sunny but it is believed the boy ventured off-piste while trying to find his parents . Police found tracks in the snow which led to his body . Michel Ollagnon , an officer with the Bonneville mountain rescue service , told reporters that the boy had been skiing with his mother , brother and sister , but he had asked to ski alone for his last descent of the day . He said the boy had then fallen off a rocky outcrop after apparently losing his way . Police chief Patrick Poirot , the head of the mountain rescue division in Annecy , added : ` His family were on the piste and then they could not see him . ` They looked for him but could n't see him anywhere on the piste . They went to the piste patrol and said : ` Our child has disappeared ' and a search was started . ` At about 6 pm some tracks were discovered in the snow . It was in a very dangerous , out-of-bounds area . The tracks led to the little boy 's skis . ` They were there in the snow at the top of a cliff . It was very dangerous . The piste patrol could not go down the cliff . So they called a helicopter but it could not land . They spotted the boy and rescuers were then winched down but the child was dead . It was now about 7.30 pm . ' He added : ` Hypothetically we think that the little boy did n't know where to go and skied in the wrong direction . He 's just seven years old . ` He left the marked ski slope and probably skied to the top of a cliff . He then stopped , removed his skis , walked a little way and then fell . ` He fell 50 metres . Specialists are now at the scene to try and determine exactly what happened and understand every element that led to this tragedy . ' Resort boss Sylvain Philippe , director of the Societe du Domaine Skiable de Flaine , said : ` The whole resort has been affected by the death of this young boy . We are thinking above all of his family . ` An enquiry into his death has started to find out the exact circumstances of what happened . Unfortunately and sadly they confirmed that his body was found off piste in an area of the resort called Aujon . ` He was very far from the piste , it 's not a skiable area . He was unfortunately found in the middle of the cliffs , everyone has been very affected by it . ` We 're working with the police and the family on this and we will be helping the family for as long as they need . ' Carwyn 's mother Ceri lives with her husband Rhys in the Brecon Beacons where the pair run the award-winning Coity Bach Farm near Talybont-on-Usk . The farm rents out its ` four-star gold award ' self-catering cottages to visitors and is well known for its prize-winning speciality sausages . David Cameron was once pictured buying scotch eggs from the couple 's stand at an agricultural show in Wales in July 2014 . On the Coity Bach website it tells how ex-nurse Ceri and former butcher Rhys bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food and living ` the good life ' . Last night , relatives at the farm were too upset to speak , but a neighbour told of the village 's shock . ` It 's extremely sad -- they are a loving family and he was a smashing lad , ' said one neighbour , who did not want to be named . They went on to say : ` I have n't even broken the news to my own children yet , it 's just too shocking . ' Another added : ` Ceri is a great mum and they 're well-loved in the village . We will all rally round her when they return from France . ' An assistant from Ski Set , a shop in the resort where the family had hired some of their equipment , said : ` They loved skiing . They said that they had been to lots of ski resorts before . ` They were a very nice family . The little boy seemed just happy to be on holiday . They had been on holiday for a week . He was good enough for a seven-year-old . He was n't a beginner . '