Chelsea left the north London with the draw they came for , which takes them a step closer to the title . Arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game , while Jose Mourinho 's side rarely troubled David Ospina . Sportsmail 's Sami Mokbel gives his verdict from the Emirates Stadium ... Arsenal . David Ospina - Lucky not concede a penalty after clattering into Oscar - but produced a good stop to deny Ramires . 6.5 . Hector Bellerin - The youngster was preferred to fit again Mathieu Debuchy and justified his manager 's faith . 7 . David Ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he clattered Oscar . Hector Bellerin does well to clear the ball off the line to prevent Oscar 's lob putting Chelsea ahead . Laurent Koscielny - Cruised through the first half owing to Chelsea playing with no striker . Had more to think about following 's Drogba 's introduction . 7 . Per Mertesacker - Patched up after sustaining an ankle injury last weekend . Showed little sign of the problem in a strong performance . 7.5 . Nacho Monreal - Steady game for the Spaniard . Looks to be edging ahead of Kieran Gibbs for position as No 1 left-back . Booked . 6.5 . Francis Coquelin - Had to walk a disciplinary tightrope after a first-half booking - but remained industrious as ever .7 . Francis Coquelin breaks up a Chelsea attack but his holding role was made more difficult by a booking . Santi Cazorla - He 's had more influential days , but kept Arsenal 's midfield ticking over . Booked . 6.5 . Aaron Ramsey - Utilised , once again , in an unfamiliar right-wing role . It did n't throw him off his stride too much . Booked . 6.5 . Mesut Ozil - Not quite £ 42.5 million , but he 's getting there . Heavily involved for the Gunners but could n't find a breakthrough . 7 . Alexis Sanchez - Fresh from his Wembley double , the Chilean was n't quite at his best against Chelsea . 6.5 . Olivier Giroud - Endured a titanic battle with Terry . The Frenchman put himself about against the champions-elect . 6.5 . Olivier Giroud shields the ball from a masked Cesc Fabregas , but the Frenchman had little joy up front . Subs : . Danny Welbeck -LRB- on for Coquelin , 76 -RRB- - Injected pace into Arsenal 's attack . 6.5 . Theo Walcott -LRB- on for Giroud , 84 -RRB- - Thrown on late as the Gunners searched for victory . 6.5 . Subs not used : Szczesny , Debuchy , Gibbs , Wilshere , Flamini . Manager : Arsene Wenger - His Mourinho hoodoo continues - but the French manager can be happy with his side . 6 . Chelsea . Thibault Courtois - Made some routine saves but has had much more eye-catching afternoons . 6.5 . Branislav Ivanovic - Solid and steady as ever from the Blues right-back . Excellent tussle with Sanchez . Booked . 7 . Gary Cahill - A mature display from the England central-defender . Kept his cool in the heat of battle . 7.5 . John Terry - Played a crucial role in quelling Giroud 's aerial threat . A typical all-action display from the Chelsea skipper . 8 . John Terry and Gary Cahill did well to prevent Giroud from becoming a threat as Chelsea kept things tight . Cesar Azpilicueta - Been one of Chelsea 's most consistent players this season . Was so again at the Emirates . 7.5 . Nemanja Matic - Shielded his back-four with the expertise we 've come to expect . Did n't put a foot wrong . 7 . Cesc Fabregas - Booed on his return to Emirates and booked for diving . Was n't how he 'd dreamed it last night . 6 . Ramires - Missed a glorious chance to put Chelsea ahead in the first half . Defensive instincts were vital for Chelsea . 6.5 . Ramires carries the ball past Arsenal left back Nacho Monreal in the top of the table clash . Willian - A willing runner in attack and defence for the Blues . Showed some quality on ball , too . Booked . 6.5 . Eden Hazard - He 's had more productive days , but his defensive discipline was important for the visitors . 6 . Oscar - Playing in an unfamiliar role as central striker , he should have won Chelsea a penalty . Did little much else . 6 . Eden Hazard was unusually quiet , with Arsenal keeping a close eye on him , but still showed flashes of quality . Subs : . Didier Drogba -LRB- on for Oscar , 46 -RRB- - So often Arsenal 's tormentor . Could replicate past heroics . 6 . Kurt Zouma -LRB- on for Fabregas , 90 -RRB- - Brought on to see out the final few minutes . 6 . Juan Cuadrado -LRB- on for Willian , 90 -RRB- - Came on for the final few seconds . 6 . Manager : Jose Mourinho - Starting with no striker said it all . Came for a point - and got it . Job done . 7 . Referee : Michael Oliver - Could easily have awarded three penalties on busy afternoon four the official . 6.5 . Oscar had to be replaced at half time after a suspected concussion after his clash with Ospina .