Rangers boss Stuart McCall hopes injured Newcastle winger Shane Ferguson could play a surprise role in the club 's play-off bid . The Northern Ireland capped midfielder was sent north by the Magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the January transfer window . But Gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical . Stuart McCall confident Shane Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers push for promotion to the SPL . Ferguson , 23 , only checked in to the club 's Murray Park training base on Monday after he was finally given the green light to resume action . Now McCall has revealed the Derry-born wide man could make his Gers bow as the Ibrox side look to climb back to the Premiership through the play-offs . The Light Blues boss said : ` I was really pleased yesterday when I saw him training . When you have been out for so long with a knee ligament injury , it 's not just the physical aspect but the mental one . ` But he was really positive . I 've had a wee chat with him and he 's desperate to get involved . ` He 's a wee bit away from match fitness and wo n't be ready to play in the next week or two because he 's been out too long . The on-loan Newcastle United wide man has been out injured since he joined the club but is back training . ` But he is mentally in the right place , as in he is here to help , and he could be a welcome addition for the back end of the season . ' The deal which saw Ferguson , Haris Vuckic , Gael Bigirimana , Kevin Mbabu and Remie Streete swap St James ' Park for Ibrox has proved controversial . So far , only Vuckic has played regularly . Street picked up an injury on his debut against Raith and has not been seen since , while the other three arrived packing injury and fitness issues . But there was another sting in the tail for the frustrated Gers faithful when they learned the deal included a clause which meant their club would have to give Newcastle owner Mike Ashley a £ 500,000 cheque if they won promotion . McCall , though , joked he would be happy to hand over the cash if it meant he had succeeded in reclaiming Gers ' top-flight slot . He said : ` It was a surprise to everyone when the news about that came out , because it 's quite a lot of money , especially when only one of them is playing . ` But if it was me - and it 's not because it 's not my money - I 'd love to give Newcastle £ 500,000 because that means we have got promotion . ' Having made 23 appearances for his parent club , Ferguson will be a welcome addition to the squad . Ashley 's standing in Govan took another pounding last week too when it emerged the club 's iconic trademarks and badges had been registered on a government website in the name of his Sports Direct firm . The billionaire tycoon loaned the previous regime running the club £ 5million in January and took security over a number of Rangers assets - including the logos - in return . The new Rangers board have now probed the affair and reassured fans they still remain the rightful owner of the badges - but the row had worried some fans Ashley may now scupper any potential deal for Vuckic out of spite . The Slovenian has been the sole positive from Rangers ' relationship with the Newcastle owner after scoring seven goals in just 12 games since moving north . But McCall is hopeful there will be no further repercussions , saying : ` From what I read from Paul Murray , they are going to have a meeting with Sports Direct in the near future . I 'm sure there will be some good talks come out of that . Haris Vuckic -LRB- left -RRB- is only success story from the other loanee 's , scoring seven goals in 12 appearances . ` Haris has another year left on his Newcastle contract . For the here and now he is trying to get us promotion . He is still a Newcastle player but I do n't think -LRB- the badge row -RRB- would have any bearing on -LRB- any potential Rangers bid -RRB- . ` I do n't think there has been any great falling out with the club and Newcastle whatsoever . ' Gers bounced back from last week 's 3-0 defeat to Queen of the South by sticking four goals past Raith on Sunday . They now face basement boys Livingston on Wednesday but McCall expects another difficult match at the Energy Assets Arena . He said : ` I genuinely think this could be one of the toughest games we 've got left . ` I saw them win last week at home to Falkirk and you can tell they are a team that has got everything to play for . We have got to match their desire and hopefully our quality will take over . '