The family rift in France 's National Front deepened yesterday after founder Jean-Marie Le Pen pulled out of regional elections -- but said his granddaughter should stand in his place . The 86-year-old 's announcement came after he infuriated his daughter Marine , the far-right party 's current leader , with a series of racist and anti-Semitic remarks last week . Mr Le Pen had repeated his claim that the Holocaust - in which the Nazis murdered six million Jews - was ` a detail of history ' and had also praised France 's wartime leader Marshal Petain , who collaborated with Hitler . Keeping it in the family : National Front founder Jean-Marie Le Pen , 86 , right , angered daughter Marine , 46 , and now wants granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen , 25 , to replace him in the regional elections . Next generation : Shortly after her grandfather 's comments , Marion Marechal-Le Pen , 25 , pictured with Le Pen in 2012 , confirmed that she would seek the party 's nomination . His 46-year-old daughter had reacted furiously to the outburst , saying she would oppose his candidacy in regional elections in December and accusing him of ` political suicide ' . Now party founder Le Pen has told French publication Le Figaro that he will not stand in the south-east Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur region ` even though I think I am the best candidate ' . He said it was because the party was at risk of being ` dangerously weakened ' over what he called a severe but unjustified crisis over his comments . The former paratrooper , who remains the Front 's honorary president and will retain his seat in the European Parliament , said : ` If I must make a sacrifice for the future of the movement , I would not be the one to cause it damage , ' Mr Le Pen said the best replacement candidate would be his grand-daughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen , 25 , who confirmed shortly after that she would seek the party 's nomination . Family feud : National Front leader Marine accused her father of ` political suicide ' after he called the Holocaust ` a detail of history ' and had also praised France 's wartime leader Marshal Petain . Mr Le Pen told the magazine : ` If she accepts , I think she would head a very good list -LRB- of candidates -RRB- . She is certainly the best , I am not going to say after me , but she is . ' His granddaughter is seen as more socially conservative than her aunt . Unlike Marine , Marion was firmly against a 2013 law permitting same-sex marriage in France . Asked if he felt betrayed by his daughter , Mr Le Pen told Le Figaro Magazine : ` Betrayed would be going a bit far , but let 's say I 'm disappointed . ' A top party official , Florian Philippot , said on i-Tele television that Le Pen had discussed the decision with party leadership . By standing down , Mr Le Pen avoids possible formal exclusion as a candidate on Friday , when the National Front 's political bureau meets to designate who will run in the December election . Opinion polls see Marine Le Pen as likely to make it to the second round of 2017 presidential elections but not win .