A map that reveals every official sighting of a UFO over the past 76 years suggests that we are experiencing more cosmic traffic than ever before . Many of the sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies , but some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity . The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson , who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB . Click on the map below to find out if aliens have been spotted in your neighbourhood . A map shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years -- and seems to suggest we have more cosmic visitors than ever . It was created by writer Levi Pearson , who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB . Published in the QuantBait website , it begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US , the UK and France in Europe , and locations in Japan and Australia . The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world , according to the map . In the US , sightings documented during the 1940s include the famous Battle of Los Angeles and Roswell UFO Incident . On February 25 1942 , radar operators spotted a UFO within 120 miles -LRB- 193 km -RRB- of Los Angeles that moved at incredible speed before vanishing . The UFO map -LRB- pictured -RRB- was created by writer Levi Pearson , who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB . Its shows that the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s . Explanations for UFO sightings are just as vague as for aliens themselves , and could be down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies -- or a genuine rise in alien activity . An illustration of a flying saucer is pictured . The map shows a dramatic rise in the number of UFO sightings during the 1950s and 1960s . While this could indicate ore alien activity , the CIA recently claimed that half of UFO sightings in the US were linked to them testing U2 spy planes -LRB- pictured -RRB- at altitudes of 60,000 ft . An artillery officer said he saw 25 craft flying at 25,000 ft -LRB- 7,620 metres -RRB- and other eye witnesses reported seeing swarms of balloon-shaped objects flying at around 200mph -LRB- 320km/h -RRB- . Fearing the city was under attack , officials fired at the aircraft but no evidence of damage was ever found , prompting people to speculate the UFOs were from another world . And in 1947 the Roswell Incident occurred , which is still the source of speculation today . The US military claimed they recovered a secret research balloon that had crashed , but conspiracy theorists say the wreckage of an alien craft was discovered and hidden . While it 's possible that there were more UFO visitations during the decade , officials at the time put it down to people being nervous about World War II , and seeing objects in the sky . Nigel Watson , author of the UFO Investigations Manual , told MailOnline : ` Sightings of strange things in the sky have been reported for centuries , though it was only with them being labelled as flying saucers or UFOs that people began to realise that this is a worldwide phenomenon . ` UFO sightings often come in sudden and short-lived periods , which ufologists call flaps or waves . ` Often specific locations seem to be highly attractive to UFOs , and these locations are known as UFO window areas or UFO portals . The British version of Roswell reportedly took place over Christmas in 1980 . It occurred in Rendlesham Forest , Suffolk , next to RAF military bases . Soldiers reported unusual lights and when they investigated , found a metal object with coloured lights -LRB- UFO map of UK shown -RRB- . Thanks to the rise in popularity of sci-fi films and an increase in UFO sightings , aliens were very much in the public consciousness in the 1960s . Here , Dr H Allen Hyneck , an astrophysicist at Northwestern University says at a press conference in 1966 , that a photo claiming to show a UFO is a time exposure of the crescent moon and the planet Venus . The British version of Roswell reportedly took place over Christmas in 1980 . It occurred in Rendlesham Forest , which is next to RAF military bases . Soldiers reportedly saw unusual lights and when they investigated , found a metal object with coloured lights . But as they approached the ` craft ' , it moved away , frightening farm animals . The incident is unexplained , but some people say the lights were reflections from a nearby lighthouse and the craft may have been a secret weapon . On March 31 , 1992 , high speed white objects were spotted in the skies and an officer at RAF Cosford and Shawbury spotted a large triangular craft hovering at 200ft , which was humming and shining a spotlight . The incident was reported to the Ministry of Defence and sceptics say it could be explained by a nearby police tracking helicopter or a Russian rocket re-entering the atmosphere . ` In the UK , Warminster , Cannock Chase and Bonnybridge are the most famous UFO window areas . ' Bonnybridge is known as the UFO capital of Scotland and there are said to be some 300 sightings every year , although not all of these are shown on the map . Cannock Chase in the Midlands has been a UFO hotbed since the1960s when there were first reports of a crashed craft , and earlier this year , residents reported seeing slow-moving aircraft making a loud buzzing noise moving across the sky . There appear to be repeated UFO sightings in the Midlands shown on the map during the 1960s , with clusters of activity also seen in the Netherlands , Germany and other parts of central Europe . There is a marked increase in sightings on the map during the 1950s and 1960s , all across the US shown on the map . It is worth noting , however , that some famous sightings are missing , such as reports of flying saucers over Washington DC in 1952 . Last year , the CIA took credit for half of the UFO reports in the 1950s and 1960s and as sci-fi films gained popularity such as Invaders from Mars , 2001 : A Space Odyssey and Invasion of the Body Snatchers , it 's possible aliens were higher in the public conscious than ever before . The CIA said that UFO sightings were directly correlated to them testing U2 spy planes at altitudes of 60,000 ft -LRB- 18,288 metres -RRB- - a feat of engineering that was not possible before . Reports suggest that the CIA soon realised that UFO sightings lined up with the place and time the U-2 planes were flying , but that they purposefully chose not to let people know that what they were seeing were not aliens to keep the tests firmly under wraps . However , this does not explain the 1966 Westall Encounter in Australia , when some 200 students and teachers in Melbourne claim to have seen a UFO land in a suburban field , before taking off again . But once again , sceptics say the UFO was an experimental military aircraft . The map also shows a famous UFO sighting in Sao Paulo , Brazil , in 1986 , when military aircraft were sent to intercept 20 UFOs , which showed up on radar . The mysterious flying objects disappeared when fighter jets gave chase , leading some people to say the UFOs were technically-superior alien craft . However , a British space researcher called Geoffrey Perry claimed that the UFOs were actually pieces of debris thrown out of the Soviet space station , Salyut-7 , which burned up in the atmosphere , Stylist reported . In Europe , the map shows many sightings over Belgium , between 1989 and 1990 , which is known as the Belgium Wave . At that time , some 13,500 people claimed to have seen huge black triangles flying silently through the skies . While the incident was tracked by Nato radar and investigated by the country 's military , nothing unusual was found and sceptics believe the sightings may have been of ordinary helicopters . From the mid-1990s onwards , the explosion of sightings intensify on the map , with large concentrations over the West Coast and the whole eastern half of the US , from Texas . The map shows the whole of Europe ablaze with circles indicating UFO sightings , as well as areas of western Africa , India , South East Asia and South America . Some believe that the increase in sightings over the past 20 years could be down to the widespread uptake of the internet , which allowed people to share sightings more easily than before -LRB- UFO map focused on Australia pictured -RRB- . The map shows a famous UFO sighting in Sao Paulo , Brazil , in 1986 , when military aircraft were sent to intercept 20 UFOs , as well as numerous sightings in South Africa and other parts of the continent , which have been reported in recent years . UFO maps of South America -LRB- left -RRB- and Africa -LRB- right -RRB- are shown . The global nature of the sightings suggests this could be down to the widespread uptake of the internet , which allowed people to share sightings more easily than before . Mr Watson said : ` With the coming of the internet it is easier for people to report UFO sightings and this is probably one reason for a rise in sightings . ` We should also acknowledge that Chinese lanterns and the increased deployment of drones are responsible for greater amounts of sightings . ' In 2008 , a guard at Yeni Kent Compound in Turkey claimed to have filmed UFOs and the footage is said by some to be among the most important UFO images . There is no explanation for the encounter , in a similar way to a sighting in Warden in South Africa , where a police officer said he saw an enormous oval-shaped , orange light in 2000 . In 2007 , eyewitnesses in Kolkata , India said they saw a fast-moving , glowing object which was a cross between a sphere and a triangle . And in 2013 , in Bracknell , Berkshire , two glowing ` flying saucers ' were photographed hovering in the skies above a pub and new of ` visitors ' quickly spread online . John Wickman , Chairman of the British UFO Association -LRB- Bufora -RRB- said : ` Technology is vastly progressing and a very large number of sightings no matter where they are in the world can be attributed to modern military craft that have been misidentified . ' ` Just because a UFO report is made does not mean that the object originates from anywhere other than the Earth , ' he cautioned . Mr Watson said : ` On the other hand , the internet allows access to greater amounts of information and enables us to discuss reports from lots of different angles , from the extreme sceptical viewpoints to the most outlandish conspiracy rumours . ` With or without the internet , ufologists tend to think that only five to 10 per cent of sightings are of anything exotic and worthy of further investigation . '