The family of one ANZAC veteran were thrilled to receive news from a stranger this week that their relative 's war medal had been unearthed in an east Melbourne Park . Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he discovered a medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph , who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 . Mr Manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum , which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Biddulph 's great-nephew . ` At first I thought it was a scam or someone trying to sell me something , ' Mr Norton told Daily Mail Australia . ` I just could n't believe it - I thought wow - and then I was really confused . ' Rare find : Ashley Manzie unearthed the WW1 star medal when he was combing a Melbourne park with his metal detector last week . Mr Norton , who has been researching his family history for ` a very long time ' says the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered . He thinks the inscribed medal does n't belong to Frederick at all , but to his brother Lewis William Biddulph . ` Frederick never went to war . He 'd lost two fingers blowing up fish so he would n't have been accepted to fight , ' said Mr Norton . ` We think his younger brother Lewis , who had a slight hearing problem , may have used his name to sign up . ' It means that a grave in Melbourne 's Springvale Cemetery bearing a plaque with Frederick 's name is probably not his either . Instead , it records the date of Lewis 's death , or ` Bunny ' as he was called in the family ` because he was so fast . ' Norton recently discovered that Frederick had actually died nine years before ` Bunny ' in New Zealand . Frederick Biddulph 's plaque at Melbourne 's Springvale cemetery probably belongs to his brother Lewis , who joined the army in his name because he had poor hearing . Frederick Biddulph -LRB- left -RRB- pictured with Stephen Norton 's grandfather , Thomas Driscoll , and another brother , Bill . Stephen Norton says tracing the family history has been difficult because it seems the men changed their names a number of times in order to get into the service . He says the only thing he knows for sure is that there were three brothers who went off to WW1 from Tasmania - and that they all came back alive . The other brothers were Benjamin William , who was awarded the Gallipoli Medal , and David Tasman . According to national records , the 23rd Battalion with which Bunny served landed at Anzac cove in September 1914 . The troops manned Lone Pine , ` one of the most trying parts of the Anzac frontline ' until they left Gallipoli in December 1915 . Norton says his own grandfather - Bunny 's brother - fought in the Battle of Fromelles in France . ` He was a machine-gunner who was caught on the wire and spent years as a Prisoner of War in Germany before making it back to Australia , ' Norton says . ` Somehow they all made it home . ' From the archives : Frederick -LRB- left -RRB- whose name is inscribed on the WW1 medal , never joined the army because he lost two fingers ` blowing up fish ' before the war . The lost medal is instead thought to have belonged to his brother , Lewis ` Bunny ' Biddulph . Fossicker Ashley Manzie says it made his year to be able to return the medal to a living relative ahead of the ANZAC Day Centenary this weekend . Some of Manzie 's other finds with the silver war medal . Fossicker Ashley Manzie says he was ` blown away ' to unearth the medal so close to the 100 year ANZAC Day anniversary . He says he found Stephen Norton after ` researching his heart out ' with other members of the Australian Metal Detecting and Relic Hunting online forum . ` Definitely a roamer , ' he posted to the forum after finding a slew of documents on Frederick Biddulph in the National archives . ` I found out that he was discharged from the Army as medically unfit when he returned to Australia in 1917 , that he was diagnosed with Myocarditis -LRB- inflammation of the heart -RRB- , ' Manzie told Daily Mail Australia . Manzie also found letters from Biddulph 's mother in Tasmania , appealing to the authorities for information about her son . ` Not knowing he whereabouts : ' Ashley Manzie discovered this letter from Frederick Biddulph 's mother asking the authorities for information on the whereabouts of her son . Did Mrs Biddulph ever make contact with her son Frederick or was she looking for Bunny ? ` I do n't know , I do n't know if she even knew about the name swaps , ' says Stephen Norton . ` Dad 's the only one from that era who would know - and I was hoping to be able to drag more out of him - but he 's 94 now and his memory is n't what it was . ' For Norton , the discovery raises the question of the other two medals that the records say were awarded to ` Frederick ' . ` This is the only one that has come to light , maybe the others are with his family , I do n't even know if he had children and if there 's other family out there , ' he says . Stephen Norton does n't know whether Private Frederick George Biddulph 's mother ever made contact with her son , or his brother Lewis ` Bunny ' Biddulph , when they returned to Australia from the war . Stephen Norton says he will proudly wear the newly-found medal , alonsgide those of his grandfather and his own father , to the Marylands RSL Anzac Day dawn service this weekend . Ashley Manzie says the discovery has ` made his year . ' ` It made not just my day but my year when I found out that I could return the medal to a living relative . Especially being the 100 year anniversary of ANZAC , ' he said . ` All this history and amazing story all from a beep on my detector in a park ! Lest we forget . '