Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song , I Was Only 19 , at one of Saturday 's Reclaim Australia rallies . The songwriter , who penned the 1983 anthem , said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness . But it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies , which aimed to oppose ` sharia law , halal tax and Islamisation ' . Scroll down for video . Former Redgum frontman John Schumann -LRB- pictured front centre -RRB- has slammed protesters for using his song , I Was Only 19 at a Reclaim Australia rally . A YouTube video shows I Was Only 19 being performed at Reclaim Australia 's Gold Coast protest . Saturday 's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group 's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups . After footage of Schumann 's song being played surfaced , the singer released a statement on Sunday to condemn its use . He said I Was Only 19 was written to help people understand the plight of Vietnam veterans . Saturday 's Reclaim Australia rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group 's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups . Schumann said his songs were about promoting tolerance , compassion and inclusiveness . ` I am very , very disappointed to see my work co-opted by what I , at my most charitable , consider to be a very confused `` patriotic '' movement , ' Schumann said . The song honours all Australians who have put themselves in harm 's way for their country , he said . ` It is not to be used to advance ignorance and intolerance , especially as we approach the centenary of Anzac , ' Schumann said . There were several arrests at the rallies , including three in Melbourne where more than 3,000 people clashed in Federation Square and blocked surrounding streets . Controversial politician Pauline Hanson was on hand at the Brisbane protest at King George Square -LRB- pictured -RRB- . More than 3,000 people clashed in Melbourne 's Federation Square -LRB- pictured -RRB- and blocked surrounding streets . Hundreds of police formed barricades to separate protesters but scuffles still broke out and some people were treated by paramedics for minor injuries . Earlier on Sunday , federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said there was no excuse for the violence . ` There 's no place for violence in any protests or any expressions of freedom of speech , ' Mr Shorten told the Nine Network . He also said any suggestion that Muslims were planning to bring Sharia law to Australia was exaggerated . ` It was 50-60 years ago people said that the Irish Catholics or the Catholics were trying to take over the joint - and that was n't true either , ' Mr Shorten said .