Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four and admitted this slide out of the elite will damage Liverpool in the transfer market . Rodgers knows he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign -- and to keep those who might be hankering after a move , such as Raheem Sterling . ` It makes it difficult , there 's no doubt about that , ' said the Liverpool manager . ` Most players want to be in the Champions League . They want to play at the top level of the game and if you 're not in the Champions League it makes it difficult for you . We know that . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . Liverpool players leave the pitch after the 4-1 defeat against Arsenal on Saturday afternoon . Arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since Christmas in all competitions . That includes 12 Premier League wins , one in the Champions League and four FA Cup victories . ` It 's going to be a little like this until we become more stable . We 've got young players who are growing , getting more experience and then hopefully there will be a period where we qualify again . We want to be in the Champions League . That 's important and it is key for us . ` It 's highly unlikely this year . But Liverpool is a great club . I said that before I came into it . It 's a phenomenal club that players want to play for . ' Rodgers starts the week seven points adrift of the Champions League places with fourth-placed Manchester City playing tonight at Crystal Palace . Successive defeats against direct rivals Manchester United and Arsenal have seen him write off his top-four hopes . ` I 'm a realist , ' said the Liverpool boss . ` We needed to take something from Arsenal . If we 'd done that then our chances would have been greater . I would n't expect the others to slip up , particularly Arsenal or Manchester United . I do n't expect them to do that . Add to that , the sort of growing number we 've got unavailable I think it will make it very , very difficult with only seven games to go . ' Rodgers will instead prioritise the FA Cup . It is nine years since Liverpool won the trophy but indiscipline is eating away at his options ahead of Wednesday 's quarter-final replay against Blackburn . Anthony Taylor had no choice but to send Emre Can off after he committed a poor tackle on Danny Welbeck . Jordan Henderson tried to argue Can 's case after the defender saw red for a second bookable offence . Centre halves Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are suspended , which will not help solve the defensive shambles which unfolded at the Emirates Stadium . Steven Gerrard is also banned after being sent off against United . Mario Balotelli ruled himself out of the 4-1 defeat at Arsenal , complaining of an unspecified knee injury after training on the eve of the game , while Daniel Sturridge played and did not look confident about his own fitness after pulling out of England duty with a hip injury . After selling Luis Suarez last summer and starting the campaign poorly , Liverpool recovered , only to lose their impetus after beating Manchester City a month ago . ` We always felt this year was going to be difficult , that was the reality of it , ' said Rodgers . ` Our run last year nearly brought us the title . We lost a world-class player and lots of other developments happened within the club . Mario Balotelli -LRB- left -RRB- ruled himself out of the defeat after complaining of an unspecified knee injury . Rodgers cites losing a ` world-class player ' like Luis Suarez -LRB- right -RRB- has made things difficult for Liverpool . ` But it 's frustrating that we got ourselves in a position over the last three months , very close , to then come up short in the past two games . I look at Arsenal and their bench , the players , the world-class players on the field with big talent and it shows the continual work we have to do . ` We do n't give up . We will fight right to the end . Obviously the FA Cup is a priority for us . But there 's been lots of positives from it , looking at players ' development , seeing players grow , it 's been good . ` And , as a manager not that long in the game , it 's been great for me up to this point , learning about the dynamics of everything . We can still fight and we have an obligation to represent the supporters in the last seven games , and in the FA Cup , to finish as well as we can . ' Liverpool will meet Arsenal again at Wembley in the FA Cup final , if it all goes to form , and Arsene Wenger 's team are finishing the season in irresistible form . The Arsenal players celebrate Hector Bellerin 's goal during the 4-1 victory on Saturday . They have won 17 of 20 games in all competitions since Christmas , a sequence spoiled by the aberration in the first leg against Monaco in the Champions League . There are grounds for optimism at the Emirates but Wenger has good vibes about the future . ` We have a good mentality and good cohesion in the team , ' said the Arsenal boss . ` There is something happening . That shows you that they are ready to fight for each other . You can see that . ` You ca n't cheat on that . People smell that.That of course is a good basis , and defensively we are getting better . I think you also have to give credit to players who get less , such as Francis Coquelin . ` But I am old enough to know that things are never as comfortable as they look . Let 's judge at the end of the season . ` We 're on a good run and it will be down to how we can maintain that focus and urgency . '