Ashley Young is desperate to avoid being part of the first United team to lose five successive Manchester derbies . United have more silverware in their trophy cabinet , but City have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years . Last November 's 1-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium was the fourth successive derby win for City . The last time they achieved that feat was 60 years ago . Ashley Young -LRB- right -RRB- wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours Manchester City . Ander Herrera celebrates scoring as United move above City for the first time this season . United have lost the last four derbies to City : . 8 April 2013 United 1-2 City . 22 Sept 2013 City 4-1 United . 25 March 2014 United 0-3 City . 2 Nov 2014 City 1-0 United . United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals and Young wants to end City 's dominance this weekend when the Blues come to Old Trafford . ` That 's something you want to put right , ' the United winger said when asked about City 's recent dominance in this fixture . ` It will be another massive game . ' Despite City 's recent success in derbies , United go into the match as favourites after registering five straight league wins . That run has helped United move into third , one point ahead of City , who slipped to their third defeat in five games at Crystal Palace on Monday . The champions defeat by Crystal Palace was Manchester City 's third loss in five games . Young thinks United have a good chance of defeating the Barclays Premier League champions if they maintain their current form . He said : ` We know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown , especially in the last few games , and add to that , it 's going to be a great game and hopefully we will get the three points . ` We want to keep the momentum going and the positive play . ' Finishing above City would represent a major coup for manager Louis van Gaal , especially after the way his team started the season . But , wary of the fact that seven matches remain , Young is not letting himself get too carried away despite United 's recent upturn in form . Sergio Aguero -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates after scoring the winner in the last Manchester derby in November 2014 . ` It would be nice -LRB- to finish above City -RRB- but we are just taking each game as it comes , ' the 29-year-old said . ` It is obviously going to be another tough one against City next week but we will prepare as well as we can do as we always do . ' Young 's form has been key to United 's recovery . The former Aston Villa midfielder has been so good recently that he has kept record signing Angel di Maria out of the United team . That has not been enough to get him back into the England squad though . Many tipped Young to earn an England recall after 19 months in the wilderness , but manager Roy Hodgson left him out of his squad to face Lithuania and Italy . Young is hoping his revival at Old Trafford can force him back into England reckoning . Young revealed Hodgson did not call him to explain his absence from the 24-man party when it was announced . ` There was no conversation -LRB- with Hodgson -RRB- , ' said Young , whose last England cap came against Ukraine in September 2013 . ` Obviously I will always want to represent my country . I was a little bit disappointed not to be in the squad , but I have just got to make sure I am playing well here at United and hopefully I will get the call at some time soon . '