Mitya the bear waves a tiny fluffy paw as one of his carers at a Vlativostok animal park tells his tale . The little cub was found abandoned outside the city 's circus in February , and was taken to Sadgorod Zoo . He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia this spring , often after illegal hunters kill their mothers . Scroll down for video . All alone : Mitya the baby bear , was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok , east Russia , earlier this year . Not camera shy : Mitya was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two young cubs also believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting . Also at Sadgorod Zoo in Vladivostok , eastern Russia , are two one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild . Zoo owner Alyona Asnovina said : ` They were left with no mother in sight and would n't be able to survive on their own . When the twins grow up , perhaps they 'll be put in the forest . ' Mitya has since been moved to a private zoo where he has found a permanent home . Four time zones to the west , in Omsk , three bears have been taken in after their mother was shot by a hunter . Named as Busya , Musya and Vorchun they are being fed cow 's milk with honey and enjoy playing with furry toys and on a wooden stairway . Play time : One of three bear siblings rescued in Omsk after a hunter killed their mother plays with a carers glove and a fluffy toy . Sibling love : These two cubs were found in the wild without their mother , and carers at Sadgorod Zoo believe she had been killed . Dinner time : A very happy baby bear gets fed dinner at Sadgorod Zoo . The two one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild , but are flourishing in the care of Sadgorod Zoo workers . Cuddle time : A member of staff plays with the baby bears at the zoo . Staff hope that the twins , who are yet to be named , can be released back into the wild . Back east , in Siberia , Masha the bear cub is being hailed as a real life Paddington after being flown business class to a new home in Moscow . The fluffy native of the Russian Far East was found as a new born cub on a doorstep in the Russian Far East . Masha and her brother were left outside a family home in the city of Khabarovsk , perhaps by the hunter , and were fortunate to be rescued . . ` It is thought their mother was killed by poachers , ' reported The Siberian Times . The abandoned Hymalayan or black bears were taken to the local zoo , but the male cub sadly died . ` Masha has flourished and now three-months-old , she has a new life at an animal sanctuary in Moscow . Transaero airline provided a free ticket for animal protection officer Natalya Kovalenko , with pictures showing Masha with her in the business class cabin . ` On board Masha was conveniently accommodated in its carrying case and curiously examined the aircraft cabin and passengers , who were amazed and enjoyed to see such a nice fellow traveller , ' said a statement issued by the airline . Big journey : Masha the bear was rescued in Siberia before finding a new home at a sanctuary in Moscow . Hugh flier : In order for her to get to hew new home , Masha was allowed to fly business class from Siberia to the capital . ` Like all kids , the little bear slept peacefully and soundly for most of the eight-hour flight . The bear was fed warm goat 's milk with a bottle several times during the flight . ' In fact the images show the bear enjoying the view out of the plane 's window and being looked after by attentive staff in the business class cabin on the eight hour 20 minute flight . ` She was treated as if she was Paddington Bear with no comfort spared , ' said one source . In Moscow , the bear was brought to her new home , where she will live with other bears . Finally , a baby brown bear needed rescuing after being gifted as a birthday present to a young child in Perm in the Ural Mountains . A friend of the wealthy parents evidently gifted the orphaned cub . The parents took to the internet to check on what bears are like as they grow up , and were shocked to discover it could ravage their child . After a week in their home , they appealed for a new owner and the bear is to undergo training at Perm Circus . Animal trainer Yuri Nizhelsky said : ` The bear is good , and has no fear . ` Dogs did not attack it and people had no time to hurt , so the baby 's mental state is stable . '