A teenage farmer who struggled with anorexia died after she took an overdose of an animal medication . Charlotte Cobbald , 17 , took the deadly medicine , which her father Stephen was keeping illegally , and injected it after saying she felt like a ` failure ' . She then ran away from her father , saying ` let me die ' , before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999 , an inquest heard . Paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital , but Charlotte died from the effects of the drug . Overdose : 17-year-old farmer Charlotte Cobbald died while suffering from anorexia and depression . At the time she died in August , Charlotte was visiting the family farm in Acton , Suffolk while on day release from a mental health unit where she was treated for anorexia and depression . She was an A * GCSE student who had a talent for sheep farming , but was a ` perfectionist ' who had battled anorexia and depression , the hearing was told . On August 4 she came home and took some training sheepdogs out with her father , then told him she felt she was a ` complete failure ' . They returned to the farm office where farm secretary Katherine Turner was working . While her father stood at the door , Charlotte went over to a fridge full of veterinary medication , found the antibiotics - used to treat farm animals - and injected herself with the drug . Mrs Turner said : ` I knew she was unwell but she did n't seem too bad , there was no immediate cause or concern . ` I do n't know how we did n't see . Mr Cobbald seemed to know something had happened . He said , `` Have you done something ? '' and she replied yes . ` She just ran . I got in another vehicle and followed them . She was saying , `` Leave me alone , let me die , leave me to die . '' ` She slumped and she was carried into the back of the car . In the office he sat on a chair holding her and he said she 'd stopped breathing . ' ` Perfectionist ' : An inquest heard that Charlotte suffered from a desire to be the best at all times . When paramedics arrived , they had to ask their colleagues to Google the medicine because they had no idea of its effects . David Hall , inspector at the Veterinary Medical Directorate , visited the farm after Charlotte 's death and said her father admitted buying the antibiotic from a lorry driver , but had forgotten that he still had some left . He did not enter the drug into his farm 's medicine book , which is a legal requirement . Dr Sukhi Khaira of the North Essex Partnership University NHS Trust told the inquest that Charlotte should not have been allowed to visit the farm without a formal risk assessment . She had lost around 20 kg in 2013 , and went through a period of not talking to her father . She also had a history of self-harming . Clinical psychologist Dr Kevin Beardsworth said she was a ` perfectionist ' , adding : ` There was a significant sense of hopelessness and helplessness . She had exceptionally high standards for herself , she did not feel good enough . ` If she got 99 out of 100 she would be unhappy , she was a perfectionist and this is seen in anorexia . She was bullied at school and began to isolate herself because she was focussed on her work . ' Coroner Yvonne Blake recorded a narrative verdict , saying she could not be sure that Charlotte meant to kill herself and suggesting that her actions were a cry for help . ` Charlotte battled with mental health illnesses including anorexia , ' she said . ` She was hospitalised and started to improve so she was allowed on home leave to her father 's farm . ` From what I 've read from Charlotte 's state of mind and from the professionals caring for her , she did have problems with self-harm and impulsive acts . ` She told someone straight away which suggests she wanted help for what she 'd done . ' After the hearing , Charlotte 's mother Hilary said : ` Before she became unwell she had an inner zest for life and excitedly made dreams and plans for her future . ` Her beautiful smile and cheeky laughter was like the sunshine in summer , never far away and readily present . ` The acute trauma she tried to battle , despite the therapy received , supported by ourselves and her friends , took away her sunshine and she lost her battle to live . ' For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .