George Osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next Tory government would find the extra £ 8billion it has promised the NHS . During tense exchanges with the BBC 's Andrew Marr , the Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for . Mr Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy , but declined to go into further detail . Scroll down for video . Chancellor George Osborne and Labour Deputy Leader Harriet Harman , appearing on BBC1 's The Andrew Marr Show . In one exchange , Mr Marr said : ` You 've just found an extra £ 8billion . All I 'm asking is where does it come from ? No higher taxes , extra public spending cuts ? Where ? ' Mr Osborne replied : ` Well it 's part of our balanced plan . And if you look over the last five years ... ' But Mr Marr interjected : ` That 's not really an answer , Chancellor . ' Harriet Harman was left squirming yesterday after ` posh ' George Osborne revealed on the Andrew Marr show that they had attended the same £ 21,000-a-year private school . She went to St Paul 's Girls ' school in West London while Mr Osborne attended the boys ' school . During tense exchanges with the BBC 's Andrew Marr , the Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for . Mr Osborne insisted , however , that the Conservatives had shown in government that they were able to make the savings necessary to deliver additional funding for the NHS . Migrants will have to pay in more than £ 20,000 in taxes before they receive access to the benefits system under Tory plans . Home Secretary Theresa May said the new rules would end welfare tourism and make the UK less attractive to Eastern European migrants . New arrivals will be banned from claiming benefits until they have paid into the system for four years . The plan to ensure that they have to pay £ 22,600 in tax and national insurance before they can claim a penny will be part of the Tory manifesto . European job hunters would be denied unemployment benefits and forced to leave within six months if they do not find work . Those who get a job would be denied in-work benefits , including council housing , for four years . They will also be refused child benefit for offspring living anywhere else in Europe . ` We have a balanced plan to grow our economy , to make savings in government including in welfare to fund our NHS each and every year , ' he said . ` We have to make similar savings each year that we have made for five years of this parliament but for two years . ` We have a track record in this parliament where we found almost £ 8billion extra in real terms for the National Health Service in very , very difficult economic circumstances so we have proved our mettle , we have proved our ability to stand behind the National Health Service in this parliament . We can do it in the next . ' Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman , who also appeared on the programme , said the promise was ` illusory ' and that Tory spending plans represented a ` real threat ' to the health service . ` The reality is that the spending programme that they have put forward is a threat to cut the NHS , ' she said . ` People know that they find it harder to see their GP since the Tories came into government , they know that they wait longer in accident and emergency and that waiting lists are starting to grow . '