Philipp Lahm has given former Bayern Munich team-mate Owen Hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of manager Pep Guardiola ahead of the club 's Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto . The World Cup winner was speaking to the BT Sport pundit as part of a special documentary ` Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves ' which airs Saturday at 10 pm on BT Sport 1 . ` His tactical understanding is incredible , ' Lahm explained . ` He always gives our team solutions to playing the opposition . VIDEO - Scroll down to see a preview from ` Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves ' Bayern Munich man Philipp Lahm -LRB- left -RRB- talks to former team-mate Owen Hargreaves about his career so far . Lahm -LRB- right -RRB- and Hargreaves played together at Bayern when Hargreaves was at the club from 2000-2007 . The former Bayern midfielder speaks with Karl-Heinz Rummenigge , the Bayern chairman . Lahm lifts the World Cup with Germany -LRB- left -RRB- and praised his Bayern manager Pep Guardiola -LRB- right -RRB- . ` He prepares for every opposition completely differently . How flexible our team has become , with a back 3 , back 4 or back 5 . ' Lahm dissected the differences in approach between Guardiola and his predecessor , Jupp Heynckes , who masterminded a Bayern treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching . ` With Heynckes in 2013 , in the big games we played quite defensive on the counter attack . Everybody worked together as a group , we invested a lot of energy in the games , ' Lahm said . ` Now under Pep it 's more tactical and we have more possession but not like previously when we had a lot of possession but we did n't have any clear scoring opportunities . ` The goal is to go forward and create scoring opportunities . To press very high . To win the ball back very quickly . But to do that you need a clear plan and the daily work on the pitch . ' At the age of 31 , Lahm is one of the most decorated and accomplished players in modern football . He already has six Bundesliga winners medals , with a seventh seeming certain to follow with Munich ten points ahead of Wolfsburg with six games remaining . Aside from a two-year loan spell at Stuttgart , Lahm has spent his entire career at Bayern but confessed to Hargreaves that he did not ever anticipate the success he has had . Jupp Heynckes led Bayern to a treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching , and was succeeded by Guardiola . Lahm celebrates winning the Bundesliga -LRB- left -RRB- and the Champions League in 2013 . ` I came at 12 in 1995 and everything 's a dream , ' Lahm said . ` It 's a dream to become German champion , to become a German national player but that it all happened , German champion , Champions League winner , captain of the club , to play for the national team , it 's not something that you can plan . ` Maybe eventually it becomes a goal but at the beginning , that 's what it is , just a dream . ` For me this is my home . I 'm born in Munich , I grew up here , I 've been at Bayern Munich since I was 12 years old besides the two years in Stuttgart . ` I might have won the Champions ' League earlier with another club but the value of winning the Champions League with my club is much more valuable . ' Lahm has demonstrated a versatility both for Germany and Bayern that points to a heightened understanding of the game . He has played at right-back , left-back and as a defensive midfielder with club and country , leading to many earmarking him as a future Bayern manager . The idea is not one Lahm , who is contracted at the club until 2018 , rejects but he is still focused on attaining more titles with as a player , starting Wednesday at Porto . Lahm -LRB- left -RRB- has played at Munich his whole career but had a two-year loan spell at Stuttgart . Lahm -LRB- right -RRB- is currently gearing up to take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday . Lahm -LRB- right -RRB- also spoke to Hargreaves about his career where he has won many trophies and become captain . ` It 's nice that people talk about me in other positions at the club , ' Lahm admitted . ` I 've got another three years at the club , let 's wait and see what happens then . ` Of course I can imagine myself staying here after I 've finished playing , that goes without question . ' The former Bayern midfielder Hargreaves talks to insiders at the German club in the programme , including Karl-Heinz Rummenigge , Lahm and Xabi Alonso and looks back at his own time there . Watch ` Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves ' on BT Sport 1 this Saturday at 10 pm .