Police in San Francisco have discovered the mummified body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder . The property in the Richmond area is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders , dog feces and 300 bottles of urine . The remains which were removed from the house on Saturday are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn . Police removed the body , believed to be that of Anna Ragin , from the property in the Richmond area of San Francisco . Authorities said the home was covered in debris , including dog feces and bottles of urine . Neighbors told The San Francisco Chronicle the mother had not been seen for years . According to records another man , Archibald Ragin , lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 . Carolyn , said to be a retired Pacific Bell worker , was taken to hospital after her mother 's body was removed from the house . Supervisor Eric Mar , a representative in charge of the area , told the Chronicle : ` The police captains I 've spoken with tell me this is the worst case of hoarding they have ever seen . ' He was concerned for the health and safety of the residents , but questioned how the situation in the property could have gotten to such a point . Mr Mar said : ` We certainly want seniors to stay in their communities as long as possible , but when people are n't getting adequate health care and attention , this is what happens . ` This appears to be a nightmare of what can happen when people age in place for too long , ' he added . ` We need to identify what the triggers are for the city to step in . ' He told the Daily Mail Online that he heard the body was wrapped up in a carpet and described that , from the outside , it looked like the home was abandoned . Residents said the woman had not been seen in years while police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen . When city workers arrived to clean up the body on Wednesday , they reportedly struggled to get in the door because the house was filled with so much debris . The mess was said to have included mold and piles of trash that reached the ceiling . They were forced to call in professional workers . The Chronicle quote a firefighter saying the body was lightweight and wrapped in a blanket . It is not clear where it was discovered .