A morbidly obese man who piled on the pounds thanks to a twice-daily takeaway habit and ` hated leaving the house ' because of his looks has lost 19st in just one year . David Rush , 33 , from Lisburn , Northern Ireland , felt that he ` should n't go out ' because of his size but lost the weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling . At his heaviest , he weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes on the internet - the result of topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola a day . Shedding the pounds : David Rush , 33 , used to weigh 34st but has shed an incredible 19st in just one year . Super slimmer : Mr Rush now weighs a slimline 15st 4 lbs - down from 34st at his heaviest -LRB- right -RRB- . Embarrassed by his size and afraid of cruel comments or being forced to squeeze past people , Mr Rush says he never left the house - and never had a girlfriend . ` I hated leaving the house and going out anywhere because I did n't know if the places I would be going to were tight for space , ' he explains . ` I was that big it made me feel like I should n't be out . My eating was awful - I would have takeaways every night for my dinner and eat junk all through the day . ' But when his weight began to prevent him from walking easily , he decided to take action and ditched the takeaways in favour of a healthy meal plan . Mr Rush , who now weighs a healthy 15st 4 lbs , began shedding the pounds at the rate of a stone a week but , determined to speed up the process , took up cycling . Overindulging : Mr Rush 's old diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps . Mobility : He plucked up the courage to make a change after having problems walking around . He combined bike rides with 10 mile jogs and vigorous gym workouts and as a result , managed to shed a substantial 18st 10 lb in just one year . A newly slimline Mr Rush says he now feels confident enough to ask women on dates and is training for a half-marathon and a 115-mile charity bike ride . ` Since my weight loss my life has changed so much , ' he enthuses . ` I started off with walking but once I started to cycle the weight just came off and I was able to join the gym . ` I 've got my social life back , I 'm out with my friends and I 've got myself a new small car I can fit into . ' Mr Rush says he has always been big but really began piling on the pounds in his twenties after moving out of his parents ' home . Unhealthy habits swiftly crept in , with Mr Rush frequently eating crisps for breakfast and takeaways for lunch and dinner . Shrunk : Mr Rush and a friend can both squeeze into his old XXXXXL Rangers football shirt . New lease of life : Mr Rush is now training for a half-marathon and a 115-mile bike ride . Breakfast - Couple of bags of crisps . Lunch - Sausage supper from the chip shop . Dinner - Takeaway curry . Snacks - Five more bags of crisps and huge bottles of coke . Breakfast - Porridge or natural yoghurt with branflakes and fruit . Lunch - Cous cous with chicken breast and vegetables . Dinner - Fruit and yoghurt . Snacks - Fibre bars or fruit . Enjoying himself : Mr Rush , in the red jacket on the left , cycles up to 85 miles a week . All that changed when his mother Margaret began suffering from heart problems , which , combined with Mr Rush ' own mobility issues , provided the wake-up call he needed . Determined to beat the bulge , he joined Slimming World and gave his diet a makeover , eating healthy porridge for breakfast and snacking on fruit and yoghurt . Mr Rush , who works in a storage unit facility , is now saving up for cosmetic surgery because he still has more than a stone of excess skin that he ca n't shift . ` It really gets me down , ' he admits . ` I 've lost all this weight and I 'm still wearing baggy clothes cause I do n't feel confident . ` It does get me down but at the same time I 'm really happy with myself for what I have achieved on my own with no help . ` My life has been on such a journey this last year I feel like I 'm just starting to live . ' Looking good : He now wants to complete his dramatic transformation with surgery to remove excess skin .