Whether you 're simply day-dreaming about all of the places you need to see around the world or looking to book your next trip abroad , perusing Instagram is a great place to find ideas . But there are some accounts that are simply a cut above the rest . London 's Julie Falconer , for example , showcases the English capital in all of its glory , while adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest . And that 's just the beginning , so go ahead and click the ` follow ' button ... Actress Shay Mitchell stars on Pretty Little Liars , but she also frequently destinations such as India and Morocco for her charity work . Shay Mitchell . Pretty Little Liars ' Shay Mitchell may star as Emily Fields on the hit teen series , but her Instagram is so much more than just photos of her A-list friends . The actress ' social network reads more like a top travel blog than a diary of a Hollywood starlet , though there are several shots of Mitchell and her glamorous gal pals , as well . Whether she 's exploring India and Morocco - usually as part of a charitable endeavour , we might add - or taking in the sights along California 's Pacific Coast Highway , we ca n't help but be inspired by the star and her worthwhile journeys . Julie Falconer 's account , A Lady in London , showcases the best of the English capital , as well as her other European jaunts . A Lady in London . Julie Falconer is a lady in London and the mastermind behind both a beautiful Instagram account and her namesake travel blog . The travel and lifestyle site , and its respective social networks , highlight some of London 's most well-known monuments and hidden gems , as well as the rest of the places Falconer visits , which recently topped 100 different countries . Just one look at her iconic Big Ben snaps and portraits of quaint cobblestone pathways and you 'll be longing for the English capital in no time . Sylvia Matzkowiak is a German Instagrammer and traveller , photographing locations as varied as South Africa -LRB- left -RRB- and Venice -LRB- right -RRB- . Sylvia Matzkowiak . This Instagrammer from Germany , who goes by Goldie Berlin , may have been born in Poland , but she now calls the cosmopolitan capital home . She began chronicling her journeys in photographs four years ago and since then has visited -LRB- and documented -RRB- destinations as varied as Fiji and Alberta , Canada . Whether you 're dreaming of a South African getaway or eager to explore Venice 's waterways , there 's holiday inspiration for every wanderlusting traveller . And there 's no denying that the former advertising sales executive has truly found her calling - just ask one of her 227,000 Instagram followers . The Blonde Gypsy may have been born in California , but she 's become a ` Master of Europe ' thanks to her stunning Balkan snaps . Larissa has travelled everywhere from Albania to Athens -LRB- right -RRB- and Montenegro , all while getting a Master 's degree in European Studies . The Blonde Gypsy . This California girl has been dubbed a ` Master of Europe ' - and not just because she recently completed her Master of Arts in European Studies abroad . The well-informed wanderer has been travelling for her entire life , but only within the past couple of years did the idea of blogging enter her mind . Thus , The Blonde Gypsy - an intersection of travel , photography and culture - was born . While many countries feature on her Instagram , it 's the Balkans that are perhaps the most prominent , with Larissa snapping the most breathtaking landscape shots from Albania to Montenegro . Daniel Noll and Audrey Scott are professional adventurers , who have been travelling the world since leaving San Francisco in 2001 . Uncornered Market . Daniel Noll and Audrey Scott are by definition professional adventurers . In 2001 , the pair left San Francisco with six suitcases and a one-way ticket to Prague , where they stayed for five years . Despite their comfortable lifestyles , they up and left again in 2006 to take a ` creative sabbatical ' and travel the world . They planned on returning home after 18 months ... and are still going strong . As one may expect , they 've been everywhere , so Instagram followers will be treated to a mix of images as diverse as the Haitian mountains to the shores of Lake Geneva . Nellie Huang and her husband hope to inspire globe-trotters to get off the beaten path with their account full of rarely-seen locales . Wild Junket . Nellie Huang and her husband , Alberto Molero , created their adventure travel blog in hopes of inspiring their readers to get off the beaten path and explore the world . Since they first began trekking the globe in 2003 , the duo have visited over 90 countries on seven continents , living and working in London , Madrid , Granada and Tanzania along the way . Wild Junket 's Instagram followers will be shown corners of the world they probably did n't even know existed . And if they ca n't inspire you to quit your job and book an expedition cruise to Antarctica , we do n't know what will . Beyonce posts a bit of everything to her Instagram account , but dig deep and you 'll find stunning shots from her exotic family vacations . Beyonce . While she may post countless enviable photographs of her red carpet gowns and sold-out shows to her Instagram , dig a bit deeper and you 'll find some breathtaking landscapes sprinkled among Queen B 's glamour shots . Earlier this year , Beyonce took a trip to Thailand and Cambodia with her husband , Jay Z , and daughter , Blue Ivy - and the iPhone snaps have us convinced that the singer could moonlight as a professional photographer . The only thing better than images of gorgeous South Asian ruins ? The superstar posing in front of them in a brightly-coloured frock and matching head piece , of course . Kristen Alana is a photographer who jet sets in style , having snapped shots of luxurious Four Seasons properties around the world . Kirsten Alana . Photographer Kirsten Alana jet sets in style visiting some of the most luxurious hotel properties around the world . Until 2009 , the former wedding photographer had only been out of the United States a total of four times . Hard to believe , as Alana has now visited every continent except Antarctica . She keeps followers updated in her Instagram profile description so that you know exactly which vistas to expect to see next . Currently , she 's at home in New York , having just returned from London with a trip to Iceland on the horizon . The majestic Pacific Northwest is the subject for Joe Greer 's landscape and adventure photography , complete with lakes and waterfalls . Joe Greer . Based out of Portland , Oregon , Joe Greer is a freelancer who specialises in landscape and adventure photography , meaning that travellers who prefer a high-octane holiday will no doubt find serious inspiration in his shots . The majestic Pacific Northwest is an ideal subject for Greer 's breathtaking nature photography , which often include spectacular waterfalls and serene lakes . And if admiring the shots on Instagram simply wo n't do , he also sells prints on his website . Sean Ensch now lives in the fjordlands of Norway and his adventures , such as taking in the Northern Lights , are truly breathtaking . Sean Ensch . Having grown up in southern California , Sean Ensch is now currently living abroad on the coastal fjordlands of western Norway . He first began experimenting with digital photography in 2012 and has lived and travelled through the Caribbean , Latin America and Europe - though , admittedly , his Nordic landscapes are some of the most impressive . And for all those who dream of seeing the Northern Lights ? Ensch has been there , done that , and , lucky for us , posted the photos to Instagram . Marianne Hope is a Norwegian photographer now living in Holland , meaning that her Instagram is chock full of picturesque canals . Marianne Hope . Norwegian photographer Hope is now living in Holland , meaning that Instagram followers can expect plenty of picturesque images of the country 's signature canals and flowers . But her portraiture is not limited solely to the Netherlands , as she also frequently visits France and Germany , documenting her travels along the way . During the winter , her stark , snowy landscapes are not to be missed , and now that the weather is warming , blossoms seem to have taken over the colourful account . Le Postcard is a collaborative project , which depicts the luxe travel habits of some of the most influential jetsetters around the world . Le Postcard . This unique project profiles the travel habits of jetsetters and industry influencers from around the globe . With top editors , fashion designers , models and socialites contributing to the blog , and its subsequent Instagram account , followers will be treated to a wide array of stunning photographs from locations favoured by some of the most discerning travellers . Elite insiders also offer up packing and shopping recommendations , travel beauty picks and , naturally , a glimpse at their Louis Vuitton luggage .