James Milner intends to play a waiting game until the end of the season before making a final decision on his Manchester City future . The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool with Brendan Rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by Steven Gerrard 's departure . However , Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting that he has already outlined a move to Anfield . While City head into Sunday 's Manchester derby trailing neighbours United in the league for first time since November 2013 , Milner is keen to ensure that City finish the season as strongly as possible . Manchester City midfielder James Milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season . Milner , pictured after Manchester City 's 2-1 defeat by Crystal Palace , is weighing up his options . His present deal expires in June and his future has been clouded in uncertainty since contract negotiations reached deadlock in December . Only last month , manager Manuel Pellegrini described him as a ` phenomenon ' and English football 's ` most complete player ' in a clear attempt to persuade him to stay at the Etihad . ` Milner is a phenomenon , a guy with big balls and a heart this big , ' said Pellegrini . ` I hope he stays . If he does n't , it will be because there 's an important offer -LSB- from elsewhere -RSB- . ' Milner though has made just 13 Premier League starts from 31 games - less than Jesus Navas , Yaya Toure , David Silva , Samir Nasri , Fernandinho and Fernando - and wants more regular football . Brendan Rodgers is keen for Milner , pictured in 2012 , to help fill the void left by the outgoing Steven Gerrard . Liverpool began their pursuit of Milner almost 12 months ago and a move to Merseyside would tick many boxes . Milner would not have to uproot his young family from their home in Hale and would be offered the chance to play in his favoured central midfield position . As a free transfer , he will command a deal that matches or exceeds his current £ 120,000 a week salary at City . Arsenal and Everton have also expressed interest while Inter Milan , Roma and Valencia are also in the race for his signature . Milner will not make a firm choice though until after City 's final game of the campaign against Southampton for what could be the last major contract of his career .