Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation . ` It is , I think , worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene . ` Hopefully we 'll get on to the issues . ' Clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest . And campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination , she pushed back hard . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . IT 'S ME : Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton 's chief complaint about Republicans is that they ca n't stop talking about her . DINING WITH THE 1 PER CENT : Clinton hobnobbed with Democratic officials last night in Concord at the home of a former state Senate president . ` We will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and attacks , ' she told reporters after a roundtable event at a children 's furniture factory . ` I 'm ready for that . I know that that comes , unfortunately , with the territory . ' She is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire , a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband 's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind . She also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party , offering a dark assessment of a ` stalled out ' U.S. recovery , a judgment at odds with President Barack Obama 's brighter view of what the nation has achieved on his watch . ` It 's not enough just to tread water , ' she said . NOT READY FOR HILLARY : A lone protester vented his spleen at the New Hampshire Technical Institute while Clinton held a roundtable inside . In a traditional Democratic stand , she voiced her strong support for Social Security , a program some Republicans are eager to trim back , describing it as ` not a luxury ' but ` a necessity . ' Standing in front of wooden pallets and boxes of furniture parts , Clinton was asked by reporters about Peter Schweizer 's coming book , ` Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich . ' The book argues that the Clinton family got speaking fees and donations in return for favors to various foreign interests doled out while she was secretary of state . Sen. Rand Paul , a 2016 GOP candidate , said that would make people ` question whether she ought to run for president . ' Republicans have spent months talking about financial dealings of the Clinton Foundation to raise questions about Hillary Clinton 's character . She stepped down from the organization 's board within hours of announcing her campaign . The foundation has come under scrutiny for accepting foreign contributions , including from Middle Eastern nations that deny equal rights for women . Some also are on the front lines in the fight against terrorism . Last week , the foundation revised its policy to permit donations from six U.S. allies in Europe , Australia , and North America but to bar giving from other nations . The charity supports public health , climate change and anti-poverty programs . Clinton campaign aides and supporters moved quickly to discredit Schweizer after word of his book emerged , casting him as a Republican operative working to defeat her . SCOOBY SIGHTING : Clinton 's campaign van made an appearance in Concord , NH on Tuesday morning . A FEW TAKERS : Clinton shook hands with staffers at Kristin 's Bistro and Bakery on Monday in Keene , NH -- but some kitchen workers did n't want to come out to meet her . Schweizer is president of the Government Accountability Institute , a conservative organization , and has advised Republican politicians on foreign policy . ` He 's cherry picked information that 's been disclosed and woven a bunch of conspiracy theories about it , ' Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said on PBS . Though nearly two dozen Republicans are competing for their party 's nomination , the GOP candidates have largely focused their criticism on Clinton . In New Hampshire on the weekend , they mocked her campaign stops , charged her with being overly secretive and even brought up her husband 's affair with a White House intern .