They are often an embarrassing topic that leaves many people unwilling to talk about them , let alone own up to having one . But analysis of popular search terms on Google has revealed the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases . By far , the most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS , followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus -LRB- HPV -RRB- which can cause cervical cancer . The map above shows the countries in Europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases . The data was gathered using Google Trends . In the UK , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country according to official figures . However , in the US herpes was the most searched for term across the country , with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus . In Europe , Norway came out as what the maps called a ` herpes hotspot ' generating the most searches per capita , followed by Montenegro . Russians seemed to be the most concerned about gonorrhea , while people in Finland were the biggest group searching for information about chlamydia . A study has discovered one in ten Americans think HTML - the name given to the code that makes up websites - is a sexually transmitted disease , while almost a third think a gigabyte is an insect . The research was carried out to determine how knowledgeable people are when it comes to tech terms , and how important they think tech is . Vouchercloud 's study asked 2,392 men and women aged over 18 to identify the meanings of a variety of words . These words were a mix of technical and non-technical terms , and each term was given with three multiple choice answers . Switzerland was the centre for the most searches about syphilis in Europe , while Croatians were the hotspot for HPV . Albania had the most searches for HIV/AIDS . In the US , Mississippi came out as the capital for gonorrhea , syphilis and chlamydia searches . While the data may reflect merely concern about the diseases , and so will in some cases highlight the most health conscious countries and states , it can also help to shed some light on where the incidence of STDs are highest . Mississippi has the highest rates of chlamydia and gonorrhea of all the 50 states in the US , for example . New York was found to be the hotspot for searches about HPV while the District of Columbia was the area that searched most for information about HIV/AIDS . It also has the highest HIV/AIDS rates in the country . Monitoring the spread of STDs is notoriously difficult due to the stigma that often surrounds them , which makes people reluctant to be tested or admit to infections . The analysis of STD web searches was conducted by Superdrug 's Online Doctor service which offers medical support and advice over the internet . The map above shows the states where the highest and second highest number of searches for STDs . The data showed that most worldwide Google searches are about HIV/AIDs closely followed by herpes . Chlamydia and gential warts attracted the most searches in the UK in the past year , while in the US internet users seemed to be most concerned about herpes followed by chlamydia , as the graph above reveals . It said the searches seemed to reflect some of the underlying trends in the spread of STDs and treatment for them . For example , antibiotic-resistant gonorrhea has spread from east Asia to Europe over the past decade , which may explain why Russia shows the most searches for this condition . Switzerland has also seen an increase in syphilis cases since 2010 , including congenital syphilis transmitted from mother to child . This graph and map shows the areas of the UK and US where herpes was searched for most , and how searches have changed in both countries over time . A spike in searches in both countries can be seen at the time when Harvard Medical School announced it had discovered potential new treatment for herpes in 2009 . The graph and map above show the hotspots in the US and the UK for searches about syphilis . It also shows that searches for the condition appear to be rising in both countries after falling slightly around 2009 . Many people may also be turning to the internet to find out information about STD 's due to inadequate levels of support in the healthcare systems of their countries . In Albania , for example , which had the highest number of searches per capita for HIV/AIDS , just 2 per cent of healthcare clinics provide screening for HIV . Ukraine , which had the second highest number of searches for HIV , is suffering one of the worst AIDS epidemics in Europe . The research also examined searches for sexual dysfunction related terms and found that perhaps surprisingly , Italy came out as the capital for searches about the problem , along with premature ejaculation . Gonorrhea hotspots in the UK and US are shown in the map above while the graph also shows that searches for the term are increasing , although the data may be affected by searches for the name of a pop song by Lil Wayne released in September 2010 . Searches for HIV in the US and UK appear to be on the decline , although Oxford came out as the hotspot where in the UK where most people searched for information , while Leesburg came top in the US . Searches for information about chlamydia seem to be increasing dramatically in recent years . London and San Antonio come out as the cities where most people in the UK and US are searching about the diseease . West Virginia was the state with most searches about erectile dysfunction and Pennyslvania had the most searches for premature ejaculation . People in the UK and Germany both seemed to search most for Viagra , while in the US , Florida was the state with most searches for the drug . A spokesman for Superdrug 's Online Doctor said : ` Sexual topics can be a difficult subject for anyone to discuss , especially when it comes to diseases and sexual dysfunctions . ` Yet behind this silence , the data show that these health issues are surprisingly common , and many people around the world are struggling with the discomfort and stigma of these conditions . ' The research was carried out by Superdrug .