Liverpool intend to speak to Jon Flanagan about a new contract at the end of the season with the defender 's deal set to expire this summer . The full back was a revelation at Anfield last season as Liverpool came tantalisingly close to winning their first title since 1990 . So good was Flanagan 's form that he nearly forced himself into England 's World Cup squad . He was named on Roy Hodgson 's standby list and was widely seen as the future for club and country at right back . Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep Flanagan at Liverpool . But the 22-year-old has become something of a forgotten man with a knee injury keeping him out of action all season as his contract has ticked down . The injury , sustained just before the start of the season , was not thought to be serious at the time but Flanagan has not played a minute of first-team football in 11 months . He has been back in training now for a while now but is thought to be some way away from being ready for first-team action - though he did play 31 minutes of the recent Steven Gerrard v Jamie Carragher All-Star game at Anfield . Flanagan suffered a knee injury and has become a forgotten man this season . Flanagan impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the England squad . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is a big fan of the Liverpudlian , who is a popular member of the squad and has been on the club 's books since the age of 11 . And with Gerrard departing this summer Liverpool would be loathed to let another local lad leave , especially with Glen Johnson 's expected departure leaving a gap to fill at full back . Both parties are confident an agreement can be reached and that the player can get his career back on track after a year to forget . Rodgers said recently : ` Hopefully Flano 's contract will be sorted out . He is working his way back to fitness and when that happens I am sure the contract will get sorted . He is a big part of the future here . '