A woman who weighs 400 lbs has told how men are paying her around $ 1,500 -LRB- £ 1,000 -RRB- a month to let them watch her devour fast food and sugary treats on camera . New Yorker Sarah Reign , 26 , describes herself as a ` feedee ' , who gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers . After working shifts as a security guard at a factory , Miss Reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam . Happy to be a ` feedee ' : Sarah Reign , from New York , supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat . Miss Reign , who weighs 26 stone , says she enjoyed eating so much , she decided to turn it into a job . She says fans love to watch her enjoying food ; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter , acts that can earn her around $ 1,500 -LRB- £ 1,000 -RRB- a month in addition to her regular pay . After realising that her weight could become a lucrative sideline for her , she set about gaining more and is now six stone heavier than before she started . She says : ` I really enjoy eating . No one at work knows my secret . It felt awkward eating on camera at first as fans love to watch you chewing every mouthful . ` But I eat so much anyway I thought it 'd be fun to do it on cam . I just keep eating until I 'm full . ' Her new career has also led her to the world of ` squashing ' , where men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person . She says of her first squashing experience : ` It was awkward but I got really into it . ' Miss Reign says that she wo n't sit on anyone naked though , always keeping her underwear on . Sarah Reign says her fans love to watch her enjoying food . The men who watch Miss Reign 's videos love to see the plus-size entertainer chowing down on junk food . ` I wo n't do nude squashing , ' she vowed . ` I just wear a vest top and tiny shorts . ' The security guard adds that she has always been large and that her weight has never been an issue for her . In fact , in 2008 , aged 20 and weighing 20 stone , she celebrated her figure by posting glamour shots of herself online in skimpy clothing . How did this sideline come to pass ? Miss Reign joined a site for bigger women who like to flaunt their shape , she soon had plenty of male attention . ` It 's such an ego boost , ' she admitted . ` So many of them wanted to see me eat on camera , I thought , ` Why not ? ' After a period of using web cams for feeders , she then set up her own video channel . ` It 's sexy to be big , ' she said . ` I really enjoy eating on camera so I started gaining weight on purpose . ` I 've put on six stone since I started . ` Lots of men want to feed me so much I ca n't move anymore , but that 's not my thing . I still want to be active and do my day job . ' The security guard admits she 's a ` clean freak ' and puts underwear covered in food straight into the washing machine when the camera is turned off . Squashing : Miss Reign now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady . Her lingerie drawer is overflowing with different outfits but the most common request is for Miss Reign to dress up as a pig . ` I have a piggy nose and ears that I wear and eat really messily in , covering my face with chocolate . ` But when the camera 's off , I 'm a clean freak and put my bra and the towels I use to cover the floor straight in the washing machine . ` Sometimes I take the camera into the shower and film myself getting clean , that 's really sexy . ' Although she had plenty of requests for squashing sessions , she did not take the plunge until three years ago . ` I had so many men ask , but there was a guy who lived nearby who wanted to try it , ' Miss Reign said . ` The first time , I watched some videos the night before to prepare but nothing phases me . ` When I got to the hotel it was weird at first and it 's hard not to laugh . ` He lay down on the bed and I climbed on top of him . But I got into it really quickly . ` For the hour session , I was crushing him the whole time . ' Cashing in : With a lowly paid job in New York as a security guard , Miss Reign can boost her income by $ 1,500 -LRB- £ 1,000 -RRB- a month . Miss Reign has had eight squashing clients and some of them will not admit they love big women . ` A lot of them are in the fat closet , ' she joked . ` They say how thin their girlfriends are and they 're obviously worried they 'll be the butt of their friends ' jokes if they admit they love fat girls . ` But there 's also men who want women to do stuff like this but most girls wo n't believe them that they think fat is sexy . ` They 're self-conscious and want to look slimmer , not embrace their shape . ' One of her other sidelines is posting out her lacy pants after they 've been worn . She has had long-term boyfriends since she started being a part-time squasher . ` It 's not been an issue for them . Some of them have watched the videos , some of them have n't , ' she said . ` Most of them have really supported me and did n't care . ` I 'm single right now , but I would n't rule out going on a date with an online fan . ` I have men ask all the time , it 's more that it 's not practical and they 're in other countries . I have lots of fans in the UK and Germany . ' ` But if they were from the US , I would never say never . '