A South Australian law professor has said that police acted ` outrageously ' by subjecting a woman to an oral swab test after she was reported for flashing her breasts . Karen Davis , from Port Pirie in South Australia , notoriously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour . She handed herself into police voluntarily . However , ABC News reports that South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary . Karen Davis -LRB- pictured -RRB- from Port Pirie has caused controversy after a picture appeared on Google Maps Street View showing her bearing her size-K breasts . ` I think it 's outrageous , but I know young juvenile offenders who have been questioned over certain things who have had the same thing happen to them , ' he said . ` That behaviour 's being defended by the police commissioner , who says `` that 's what happens these days '' . ` That does n't surprise me because unfortunately that 's the kind of law and order climate in which this Government has pushed us in the last dozen years . ' The 38-year-old was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app , which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view . Police released a statement alleging the 38-year-old mother ` pursued ' the Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself , and that it was an illegal act . ` The woman 's actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals and the public expectation is that we take action , ' said Superintendent Scott Denny of Port Pirie police . ` Recently in Port Pirie we arrested a man for exposing himself in public - this incident is no different . ` It is not appropriate for anyone to expose themselves in public places . Our community should be able to expect a bit of decency . ' In the image , Ms Davis can be seen holding her arms up in the air with her T-shirt hunched up around her neck bearing her breasts , as she follows the Google camera cars around the street . Her sons are playing in the background and an unknown man stands at the fence watching . Across the road , a neighbour is lounging on her outdoor furniture , watching the whole thing unfold . Ms Davis , who plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday , has hit back at the controversy caused by her actions , claiming that ` flat-tittie chicks ' are not confident enough with their own bodies and should focus on how they look . Ms Davis had issues with her size-K breasts in her 20 's and is finally ready to embrace them and she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday . The mother says she is happy the picture appeared online and thought it was funny . Speaking to Daily Mail Australia , Ms Davis was in tears over the nasty comments coming from her community after she was branded a ` bad mother ' and ` pure filth ' for her raunchy behaviour . ` They are narrow-minded people who are not happy with their own bodies , ' she said . Posting on her Facebook account , Ms Davis addressed the fact that she pursued the car through Barry Street in Port Pirie until they got the perfect shot and believes locals are jealous of her antics . ` Haters hate , you got the guts to do it ? ' she posted on Facebook after the photo went public . ` All the flat-tittie chicks think I am disgusting . Big-boob envy has hit Port Pirie . ' Taking to Facebook , disgusted commenters attacked Ms Davis ' parenting skills after it became clear that her two sons were in the background of the picture . Ms Davis criticised ` flat-tittie chicks ' and claimed they needed to focus on their own bodies . ` I 'm sure your children will be proud of their mother that is probably going to cause them a lot of embarrassment , ' one Facebook commenter said . ` Oh goodness . Ca n't even begin to imagine how her children are feeling , ' another user said . However a select few came out in support of Ms Davis 's show on Google Maps . ` Let her go , she 's having some fun , Pirie people need to lighten up a bit . if more lovely ladies would get them out more often the world would be a much happier place , ' one commenter said . Ms Davis told Daily Mail Australia that she thought the act would be funny and that it was an item she has now ticked off her bucket list . She also said that she has a friend in the United Kingdom and she thought it would brighten up his day if he saw the image online . ` I have a friend in the UK . If he looks on there he will smile , ' she said . Ms Davis was n't sure that the photo would make it on to Google Maps but she said she is delighted that it did . ` I think maybe some need to start their own bucket list and leave mine alone , ' she said . While Ms Davis enjoyed herself bearing her breasts on the street , her neighbour sat on her lounger watching from next door . She also revealed that since the photo has been released she has attracted a whole host of new friend requests on Facebook . Many young men have tried to befriend her but she has not accepted any of them . Ms Davis said she has only learnt to embrace her size-K breasts in the last few years after spending her youth hiding them away . ` I always got picked on and it was n't until late in my 20 's that I became confident in myself , ' she said . She also revealed that she has to buy her bras online from the UK as they do not make size-K bras in Australia . ` It would be nice if they made my size bra in Australia , ' she said . Ms Davis said that she would do it all again , even considering the backlash the image has received . ` It 's my life not theirs , ' she said . ` When you point your finger at me , you have 4 pointing back at yourself . ' Some people online have suggested that she should be formally charged for her display but she has contacted the police who have confirmed that they have ` no concerns ' .