A prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern Ukraine is spreading on social media . The video , filmed in Moon Park , Odessa , sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the ` vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers-by . The young girl dressed in a white , bloodstained nightgown , waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming , causing them to run off in terror . Pranked : The video sees a ` vampire girl ' prey on unsuspecting late-night walkers in Odessa , Ukraine . In other scenes she spotted singing a hauntingly horrifying melody , feasting on a fake carcass or chasing her ` victims ' through the park holding a blood stained teddy bear . After the video went viral , an Odessa television channel tracked down some of the victims seen running for the hills in the clip . Alexandr Gvozdikov , 21 , said : ` I almost wet myself when I saw her . I was riding an expensive bicycle , but I dropped it and ran off like a madman . ` She was so real , she was my worst nightmare . ` It was not funny at all , and it is not OK to prank people like that . ' Scary success : The video showing the ` vampire prank ' has gone viral on social media . Friendly face ? The young girl was painted like a demonic ` vampire ' and wore a bloody nightgown . Scary : The vampire girl hides her bloody make up as a man walks up to her , appearing concerned . The man behind the prank video Andrey Yakubovich , told local media : ` Nobody has ever done anything like this before in the Ukraine , and it was our first scary prank video . ` We were very curious what the reaction from the passers-by would be . ' However , despite the video 's viral success , not all the commentators have been amused . One person pointed out that they film-makers had been lucky that nobody turned violent and punched the child . Another said that somebody with a weak heart might not have survived the scare . In one scene , the girl can be seen chasing her ` victims ' through the park holding a blood stained teddy bear . Not what it seem : While sitting down with her head bowed , the little girl looks lost and not slightly scary .