Raheem Sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with Liverpool . The England international has been abused , even by his own fans , over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £ 90,000-per-week . Sterling was even heckled at the club 's recent kit launch , but the 20-year-old , speaking for the first time since his now infamous BBC interview , insists he is immune to the negative comments . Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him for contract stand-off with Liverpool . Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for possession with Liverpool team-mate Jordan Henderson during training on Thursday . In an interview with BT Sport , Sterling said : ` Everyone has their opinion on me at this moment in time but I 'm just a kid who loves to play football and to try and improve every day and be the best I can be . ` It just goes in one ear and goes out the other . I do n't read anything , do n't look at anything and , for me , it 's all football . I 'm genuinely focused on doing my best for this football club . ' Sterling is one of Europe 's most sought after young players . Manchester City , Arsenal , Chelsea and Manchester United all have a genuine interest . Real Madrdid supremo Zinedine Zidane admitted the Spanish giants were keeping tabs on the youngster , while Bayern Munich and Juventus are monitoring his contract situation . Sterling is wanted by all the Premier League 's top clubs , as well as Real Madrid and Juventus . Nevertheless , Sterling , who has scored 11 goals this season , admits there 's still much more to come from him . Sterling added : ` I set targets for myself at the start of the season and I 'm probably a few goals behind where I wanted to be . ` I 'm just taking it in my stride and hopefully in these last few games , the run-in until the end of the season , I can kick on again . I 'm still learning and developing so only time will tell . ` I 'm my own biggest critic . I do n't need anyone to tell me when I 've played badly . I know when I 've done bad , I 'm always looking where I could have done better or scored an extra goal . Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- is challenged by Ron Vlaar during Liverpool 's defeat by Aston Villa at Wembley last Sunday . ` This is the world that we live in . You look at the players like Ronaldo and these players are critical on themselves . These are the people that you need to idolise and look up to . ` It 's fallen really nicely for me to play at the highest level . From when I signed at Liverpool as a 14 or 15-year-old boy , it was my dream to be at Anfield and I was not going anywhere until I 'd done that . ` Last season was a great season for everyone at this football club . Obviously we did n't start the season as well as we would have liked , we 've definitely shown qualities and the manager has shown us stats from the start of the year and we 've probably been one of the better teams in the league . '