It will not worry Andy Murray one iota that his victory over Tomas Berdych on Friday night may have lacked the drama or controversy that accompanied their Australian Open semi-final in January . Instead the world No 4 -- next week to be world No 3 -- was all business as he produced a performance of clinical excellence to take down the powerful Czech 6-4 6-4 in an hour and 42 minutes . He is through to Sunday 's final of the Miami Open where the Scot will face his growing nemesis , Novak Djokovic after he dispatched John Isner in straight sets . Andy Murray reacts as he reaches the Miami Open final with a 6-4 , 6-4 win over Tomas Berdych . Murray reacts after winning the final point before shaking hands with Berdych as he heads into the final . The Czech Republic star could not contend with Murray 's selection of shot making in Florida . It will be Murray 's first Masters level final since he won the title in what is his home from home two years ago . That fact backs up the belief that he is returning to the kind of form last seen from him in the first half of 2013 , which led to him winning the Wimbledon title . Since then there has been back surgery , a new coach in Amelie Mauresmo and a revamped support team and all manner of setbacks . But a Grand Slam final , making the last four of Indian Wells and now the final here tells the story of his improvement this season . Occasionally there have been periods of wandering concentration in the past week but his mind was very focussed . It may have helped that ex assistant coach Dani Vallverdu was sitting in Berdych 's corner accompanied by ex-fitness coach Jez Green , who is now also working with the Czech . But there was none of the highly-charged atmosphere of that night in Melbourne . Kim Sears , who he is marrying next week , kept a much lower profile this time , hidden beneath the wide-peaked straw hat protecting her from the fierce Florida sun . The 27-year-old was in clinical form as he set up a final showdown with Novak Djokovic . There is no love lost between Murray and Berdych , especially after this year 's Australian Open semi-final . Murray was annoyed after Berdych asked for one of the balls to be taken out of play during the first set . Both players thought it necessary to question the umpire as events unfolded in the first set . Berdych questions the chair umpire following an overruled call at the Masters 1000 evnt . Murray and his close friend Vallverdu have now regained the equilibrium in their relationship , but the Scot admitted afterwards that there are still extraneous factors with him playing Berdych , who he does not especially like . `` It was different from then -LRB- Melbourne -RRB- for sure , but it was still not easy even if it appears that way , '' he said . `` It 's still a bit tricky and not a comfortable situation . I 'm quite pleased with the way I have handled the emotions in both these matches . '' Murray has played more matches on this Crandon Park court than any other outside Wimbledon 's Centre Court and the Rod Laver Arena , and knows what to expect in conditions that are usually heavy and humid with a brisk breeze . Murray 's fiancee Kim Sears was back in the stands wearing the same wide brimmed hat . Berdych 's model fiancee Ester Satorova cools down with some water as she watches her beau . Murray 's former coach Dani Valverdu -LRB- left -RRB- and trainer Jez Green -LRB- right -RRB- switched camps to join Berdych . `` When the conditions are like that , Tomas can still generate a lot of power . But when I 've played him on some of the quicker surfaces , I feel like I 've been able to hit through the court and make him move a lot . `` It 's been a long five or six weeks for me so I wanted to try and conserve as much energy as I can . I obviously have some days off next week to relax . '' Murray had a fairly clear game plan , taking some speed off his first serve to increase its percentage and not allow Berdych too many looks at his more vulnerable second delivery . He also sought to exploit the 6 ' 5 '' Czech 's slightly cumbersome movement and prevent him from hitting too many of the bazooka forehands that had helped the Czech forge a 6-5 record in their previous encounters . Murray stretches to make a return as he battles to win a place in Sunday 's final . Murray can not hide his delight as he throws his sweatbands into the crowd after the game . Murray , now sure to overtake Rafael Nadal in the rankings to close on Roger Federer at two , took advantage of two wobbly Berdych service games at the start of each set , but was then unable to hold his serve before breaking again . The only whiff of controversy came after four games of the match when Berdych , whose whingeing makes Murray appear positively laidback , complained about the state of the balls . It did not impress his opponent . At this time of year it might be appropriate to describe him as Doubting Tomas and Murray was in such purposeful mood , and serving so consistently , that he comfortably held onto his lead in both sets .