When Andriy Shevchenko netted the winning penalty to condemn Juventus to defeat in the 2003 Champions League final , they surely would not have envisaged it would take them this long to get back to Europe 's top table . That penalty shootout followed a 0-0 draw which saw AC Milan crowned European champions in the first all-Italian final . Now , after a long journey , Juve are back among the continent 's elite . Another goalless draw , this time against Monaco on Wednesday night , was more successful for Turin 's Old Lady as they reached the Champions League semi-finals with Bayern Munich , Real Madrid and Barcelona on the horizon . Gianluigi Buffon was celebrated reaching the Champions League semi-finals , 12 years after final heartbreak . Juventus ' players salute their supporters after the final whistle in Monaco having made it to the last four . Juve have endured a tough few years but they are now back were they belong among the elite of Europe . The 12-year gap between now and that night at Old Trafford has been one of twists and turns : relegations , promotions , league titles , stripped league titles and European failure at the hands of relative minnows like Fulham and Bordeaux . Captain Gianluigi Buffon said on Wednesday : ` I thought I 'd have to wait less when I was at this stage 12 years ago , but seeing the journey was very difficult , we can enjoy this result even more . ` We knew it was a great opportunity and after 12 years we wanted to honour the history of Juve . ' Even this season , Bianconeri supporters thought they were as good as out of this tournament as early as late October . A shock defeat by Olympiacos in Athens had them on the brink of exit before they scrambled to a runner-up spot in Group A behind Atletico Madrid . Then Borussia Dortmund gave them a mighty scare in the last-16 before the narrow win over Monaco . Andriy Shevchenko sent Buffon the wrong way with the winning penalty in the Old Trafford final on 2003 . The Juventus players , including Alessandro Del Piero -LRB- centre -RRB- reflect on their defeat in the showpiece final . Back in 2010 , Juventus were downed by Fulham in the Europa League , a side now in the Championship . Pajtim Kasami celebrates after leaving Juve on the brink of exit back in October , but they made it through . Looking back , their group-stage progression is not too dissimilar to the club 's fortunes over the last decade . After finishing third in Serie A the season after the 2003 final , Juventus came back to win the league twice in a row - only to be stripped of them both amid Italy 's match-fixing scandal that sent them into the second division . On promotion , they took four further years to reach the summit of Italy 's top tier once again but piece-by-piece , the nation 's most successful side has rebuilt . That has n't come easy , particularly with their domestic division being overtaken by England 's Barclays Premier League , Spain 's La Liga and the German Bundesliga . Talent is hard to tempt to Italy - as shown by the failings of AC Milan , Inter Milan , Lazio and Roma . And when the talent does come , it is usually picked off by the big boys from abroad . The Italian champions were relegated to Serie B amid Italy 's matchfixing scandal but soon rose back up . Juventus celebrate their second consecutive Serie A title last season , and they are on track for a fourth now . But not at Juventus . The side celebrating on the Stade Louis II pitch on Wednesday night included household names such as Buffon , Carlos Tevez and Arturo Vidal , while Paul Pogba - the most sought-after talent in Europe - is on his way back from injury . He could even be ready for the semi-finals , something any opponent would dread . They have n't conceded in their last three Champions League games - a hallmark of any great Italian side - and their comfortable domestic lead gives them all the time in the world to prepare for their final two or three matches in the competition . Buffon and Carlos Tevez hug on the pitch of the Stade Louis II , and they both have a point to prove . Arturo Vidal is one of the most sought-after midfielders in Europe but he has stuck with Juve until now . Paul Pogba could be back in time for their semi-final next month and will likely be a key player in any clash . Barca , Real and Bayern should beware : the oldest team left in it have a point to prove , and for some this could be their last shot at European glory . Tevez has been linked with a return to South America after nine years in Europe . Andrea Pirlo , Patrice Evra and Buffon are not far from the end of their careers , either . Combine that with the midfield prowess of Pogba and Claudio Marchisio , and the solid defence provided by Giorgio Chiellini and Leonardo Bonucci and they just might do it . Juve will be the team that everyone wants to draw but nobody will enjoy playing against . Roberto Pereyra , Andrea Pirlo , Tevez and Fernando Llorente celebrate reaching Europe 's final four . Pirlo , aged 35 , might be facing his best chance of one last European title with the Bianconeri this season . Vidal had it about right after Wednesday 's game when he said : ` I am not afraid of anyone . ` I think all four teams in the semi-finals have their qualities and on Friday we 'll see who we face , but right now I think we 're on a par with all of them . We play with our heads now and are a mature team , I 'd say . ' The European giants wearing the famous black and white stripes might finally have awoken .