A 14-year-old Pennsylvania girl allegedly conspired with her 20-year-old soldier boyfriend to have her mother killed , texting him hours before the woman was stabbed to death , ` I want her gone , ' it emerged today . Jamie Silvonek was charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy , Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin announced Thursday . Cheryl Silvonek , 54 , was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15 , hours after taking Jamie Silvonek and the eighth-grader 's boyfriend , Army Spc. Caleb Barnes , to a concert , according to court documents . Scroll down for video . Star-crossed lovers : Jamie Silvonek -LRB- left -RRB- , 14 , and her boyfriend , 20-year-old Army Spc Caleb Barnes -LRB- right -RRB- , have been charged with killing the girl 's mother for trying to break them up . Barnes , who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying , was previously charged with homicide . He confessed to stabbing Cheryl Silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in Silvonek 's car , and Jamie Silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body , according to an affidavit of probable cause . Slain in cold blood : Cheryl Silvonek , 54 , was stabbed several times in the neck inside her car after driving her daughter and Barnes from a concert . The teen 's attorney , John Waldron , said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes ' control , given the age disparity . ` There has to be some type of duress or coercion , ' he said . Waldron said he intends to have Jamie Silvonek examined by a forensic psychologist and will petition to have the case moved to juvenile court . ` She cried incessantly and told me how much she missed her mom , and told me she was coerced , she was afraid she was going to be killed , she was afraid her dad was going to be killed , ' Waldron told The Associated Press . ` So there 's a lot of things we have to decipher here . ' Authorities said Barnes and Jamie Silvonek met in October -- when she was 13 -- but that she told him she was 17 . He joined the military in February of 2012 . Barnes graduated advanced training from the Presidio of Monterey , California , and his awards include the Good Conduct Medal and National Defense Service Medal , Army Times reported . Cheryl Silvonek found out about their relationship in early March and ordered the couple to break up , according to court documents . A day later , the teenager told Barnes she wanted her parents dead , the documents said . On March 14 , Cheryl Silvonek learned that Barnes intended to take her daughter to a concert in Scranton . ` He is not coming to this house , ' Cheryl Silvonek texted to her daughter , who had taken the SAT college entrance exam that morning , according to a police affidavit . Police found the victim 's blood-soaked car submerged in a pond and traced it to the Silvonek family 's home in Upper Macungie Township -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Silvonek 's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother , and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . The eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go . ` Mom , if I ca n't go I 'm going to have a mental breakdown , ' she said , according to the affidavit . ` I need to go and I need to be with my friends . I feel so desolate mother . ' The teenager then texted Barnes : ` She threatened to throw me out of the house . I want her gone , ' the affidavit said . Later , she allegedly wrote to him : ` Just do it . ' Records show the 14-year-old was upset that her mother had shown her boyfriend her passport as proof that Silvonek was not 17 . ` I ca n't stand her lying to you like this , ' Jamie wrote to Barnes . ` SHE IS LYING ABOUT MY AGE , ' reported Lehigh Valley Live . Cheryl Silvonek agreed to drive her daughter and Barnes to the show . On their way , the teenager and her boyfriend continued exchanging messages . ` I love you . We can do this . We 'll just drive her car then , right ? ' Jamie wrote , the affidavit said . Barnes replied in a text , ` No . That leaves us as the suspects . ' The three drove back to the Silvonek home after the show , and Barnes allegedly stabbed Cheryl Silvonek . The couple then ate at a restaurant and went to Walmart to buy gloves , bleach and other cleaning supplies , authorities said . Lies : Barnes and Jamie Silvonek met in October -- when she was 13 -- but that she told him she was 17 . Police found the body in a shallow grave a few miles from the Silvonek home . The victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . Investigators were able to trace the car back to the Silvonek home . When they arrived , they found Barnes , the girl and Silvonek 's husband , David . The girl and Barnes were in an upstairs bedroom and the father was still asleep , CBS 13 reported . Barnes was previously charged with criminal homicide , abuse of a corpse and statutory sexual assault . There is evidence he had sex with the girl shortly before the killing , according to police . the 14-year-old was charged earlier with abuse of a corpse , tampering with evidence and hindering apprehension .