Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season as he stated his ambition to keep Aaron Lennon . Mirallas was one of Everton 's top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries and he has wanted by Tottenham during the January transfer window . It was mooted at one point that Mirallas and Lennon could be part of a swap deal but Lennon arrived at Goodison Park on loan and has made a big impression on his manager ; it would cost £ 6million to make his signing permanent when the window re-opens . Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas and admits he wants to keep loanee Aaron Lenon . Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League and Martinez , whose side face Swansea on Saturday , will speak to him after the final game about what his intentions are moving forward . ` Every player needs to be pleased and happy with that , so in the summer we 'll sit down and assess what has been , ' said Martinez . ` For that reason the next seven games are vital and will give you a much clearer picture of what you do in the summer . Belgian attacker Mirallas was one of Everton 's top performers in the first half of the campaign . ` I know there have been a couple of times he 's had quotes translated from interviews . I do n't think anything he has said is disrespectful or out of the norm . The way I see it he 's one of those players who loves playing football and he has n't got any other motivation . ` He still has a two year contract . If he were out of contract , I would be worried , but all I want is for him to be fully recovered . ' Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League . Lennon has caught the eye in recent weeks and Martinez wants him to maintain his impressive form all the way through until the end of May . ` He 's been a really impressive footballer , ' said Martinez . ` The way he 's engaged with the other players has been quite impressive . I think he 's brought know-how and experience but also that freshness of wanting to show what he can do . ` The next seven games will be very important to see if he can carry on enjoying his football and then like any loan situation it 's a three way conversation that , first of all , the player needs to see that experience as a positive one and then we 'll see what the parent club wants to do . ` But it 's not a decision we need to make now . The next seven games is an eternity in football . ' Lennon is all smiles as Everton train ahead of their weekend fixture against Swansea City . Lennon is challenged Victor Wanyama during the Premier League match between Everton and Southampton .