Richie Benaud , the cricketing legend loved by millions has been laid to rest far from public view at a small private funeral in Sydney attended by only an immediate circle of family members . The 84-year-old former Test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , Daphne . Daphne Benaud had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the location . Scroll down for video . Quiet farewell : Cricketing legend Richie Benaud -LRB- pictured -RRB- was farewelled at a quiet family funeral on Wednesday , attended by only immediate relatives including his wife Daphne and brother John Benaud . Wishes respected : Despite an offer by the prime minister to hold a state funeral , the cricketing legend loved by millions wished for a small private farewell which his wife Daphne -LRB- pictured with Benaud in 2005 -RRB- respected with a quiet , dignified ceremony attended only by immediate family . The cricketing legend was farewelled during a quite and intimate funeral in Sydney 's eastern suburbs . ` We 've only been given a meeting place , ' one close relative told Daily Mail Australia . ` We wo n't know until we get there where it 's all going to take place . ' Following Richie Benaud 's small family funeral , fellow commentators and cricketing greats gathered at the Australian Golf Club for a memorial . Among the funeral party led by Mrs Benaud was believed to be be Richie 's brother and sister-in-law , John and Lindsay Benaud . Following Richie Benaud 's death last Friday , Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral , which Mrs Benaud politely declined . Mr Abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in Australia and around the world . But after he received a phone call from Daphne Benaud , he remarked ` my understanding is that Richie 's own wishes was for something very , very quiet and very , very private ' . Following the funeral service , a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie 's former cricket commentating colleagues and , Nine network executives and Test cricketers past and present . Among those attending were Benaud 's Nine Network commentary box colleagues Bill Lawry , Ian Chappell and Mark Taylor , his former teammate from the 1960s , Alan Davidson , former Test players Doug Walters , Shane Warne , Brett Lee , Dennis Lillee and current Test side cricketer , Test captain Michael Clarke . Nine boss David Gyngell was among the guests with radio broadcaster Alan Jones , TV personality Eddie McGuire and John Fordham . Following the funeral service , a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie 's former cricket commentating colleagues . Nine boss David Gyngell was among the guests with radio broadcaster Alan Jones , TV personality Eddie McGuire and John Fordham also attended .