The SNP will help make Ed Miliband Prime Minister even if Labour finish 40 seats behind the Tories at the general election , Nicola Sturgeon said last night . The Scottish First Minister said she would form an anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7 . While Mr Miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the SNP , Ms Sturgeon 's remarks raise the prospect of Labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories . Protesters wearing masks of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon hold placards outside Chatham House , a foreign affairs think-tank , where Labour leader Ed Miliband delivered a speech in London this morning . The SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority . Her comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls - with David Cameron 's Tories moving to 36 per cent . However , the SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority . Ms Sturgeon was asked on BBC2 's Newsnight whether her party would be ready to prop up a Labour government if the party had fewer seats than the Conservatives . She replied : ' Yes . Even if the Tories are the largest party , if there is an anti Tory majority , my offer to Labour is to work together to keep the Tories out . ' Asked if this would remain her position even if Mr Cameron had 30 more MPs than Mr Miliband , she confirmed : ' If there is an anti Tory majority , yes , that 's what I 've been saying all along - I 'm not sure why there 's any confusion about it - that we would work with Labour to stop the Tories getting into Downing Street . ' And if the margin was as wide as 40 MPs , she said : ' If they ca n't command a majority they ca n't be a government , that 's the basic rule of how governments are formed I 'd have thought . ' The SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon - campaigning in Glasgow today - said she would help make Ed Miliband Prime Minister even if Labour finish 40 seats behind the Tories . Ms Sturgeon was pictured with three-year-old Kitty MacDonald and SNP Candidate for Glasgow South Stewart McDonald during a visit to Glazed , a ceramic painting studio in the city . Ms Sturgeon also rejected an independent study which said there was a ` significant disconnect ' between the SNP 's claims to be an anti-austerity party and plans that implied it would be spending less than Labour by 2019/20 . The Institute for Fiscal Studies accused the major parties of keeping voters ` in the dark ' by spelling out only the ` broad outlines ' of their tax and spend plans following the May 7 poll , though it singled out the Liberal Democrats for being more transparent than their rivals about their intentions . Ed Miliband , pictured in Chatham House , central London today , could become Prime Minister even if he wins fewer votes and MPs than David Cameron . The thinktank 's deputy director Carl Emmerson said : ` There are genuinely big differences between the main parties ' fiscal plans . ` The electorate has a real choice , although it can at best see only the broad outlines of that choice . ' Conservatives say they would eliminate the deficit by 2017/18 and start to run a surplus while Labour says it will reduce the deficit each year and balance the books ` as soon as possible ' during the five-year term . The IFS said the Tory plans were ` predicated on substantial and almost entirely unspecified spending cuts and tax increases ' , and could involve ` further real cuts to unprotected departments of around £ 30 billion ' . Labour 's plans were consistent with a pledge not to borrow for day-to-day spending but ` would leave borrowing at £ 26 billion a year in today 's terms ' , it said . The IFS said the Liberal Democrats had been more transparent about overall fiscal plans to 2017-18 , revealing that they are aiming for tightening more than Labour but less than the Conservatives . While the SNP would ` cut less to start with ' , the implication of the plans spelt out in their manifesto would be that the ` period of austerity would be longer than under the other three parties we consider ' , it said . Responding to the comments , Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said Ms Sturgeon was going to ` ignore the will of the people ' , if she chose to support the smaller of the two main parties at Westminster . He added : ` She 's going to ignore how people vote and she 's just going to insist on her personal preference . ' She told the BBC 's Newsnight that ` if -LSB- the Conservatives -RSB- ca n't command a majority , they ca n't be a government ' . Ms Sturgeon has repeatedly said she would work with Labour to ` get rid of the Tories ' if the SNP had enough MPs . The Prime Minister , speaking in Lincoln with the Foreign Secretary William Hague , has called that prospect on an SNP-Labour alliance ` frightening ' and claimed it would lead to ` economic ruin ' Conservative leader David Cameron has called that prospect ` frightening ' and said it would lead to ` economic ruin ' . While the SNP had only six MPs at Westminster in the last Parliament , recent polls suggest they could win the majority of Scotland 's 59 seats . That could leave the party holding the balance of power if the election resulted in a hung parliament .