An anonymous Good Samaritan has donated $ 360,000 to pay for a man 's mortgage after he lost his wife and house in the mudslide that swept Washington last year . Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years , Brandy , were at home in Oso , Washington , on March 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland . Brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster . Tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface . Just a week later , as Tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ` landslide insurance ' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Tragic : Brandy Ward -LRB- right -RRB- was killed in the mudslide that swept Oso , Washington , in March last year . Her husband Tim -LRB- left -RRB- survived and has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage , which a donor has now paid . Horrific : The mudslide on March 22 , 2014 , killed 43 people including Brandy Ward . For a year , Tim has been grappling with his financial predicament , while renting a small property nearby . He lost everything in the mudflow . Only one of their five dogs survived the mudslide , but lost a leg . The disaster killed their turkeys , chickens and four canines . The mortgage , however , consumed him . But last week , he received a call from Chase Bank , who said an anonymous donor had paid the lot . Before : This was their idyllic home in Oso where they reared turkeys and chickens before the mudslide . Love : The couple were married for 38 years . Tim said he heard Brandy call for him before she was killed . Overwhelmed : Ward said he could n't believe it when Chase Bank told him the mortgage was all paid for . Speaking to NBC News , Tim said : ` There are still good Samaritans out there . This is life-changing . ' He recalled the horrific day last year : ` She called my name and yelled , `` Tim ! '' And from the moment that voice left her body , she had left the man she had been with for 38 years to be with the son of God she 'll be with forever . ' The donor told bank clerks they had read about Ward in a newspaper and felt compelled to reach out . ` I honestly have never seen this kind of an act of personal generosity where it 's anonymous , ' Phyllis Campbell , vice president at JP Morgan Chase , told NBC News .