Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Manchester United 's home clash with Manchester City ... Manchester United vs Manchester City -LRB- Old Trafford -RRB- . Team news . Manchester United . Manchester United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury and fellow defender Jonny Evans is banned . Striker Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble , while midfielder Andreas Pereira is on Brazil Under 20 duty . Manchester United 's Chris Smalling looks on as Danny Welbeck of Arsenal shoots to score in an FA Cup quarter-final . Smalling could feature for the Red Devils in the Manchester derby . Manchester City . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful for Sunday 's derby against Manchester United with a hamstring injury . Kompany felt the muscle tighten during Monday 's Barclays Premier League defeat at Crystal Palace and will undergo a fitness test . Vincent Kompany gestures during Manchester City 's 2-1 defeat by Crystal Palace on Monday . Strikers Wilfried Bony -LRB- ankle/knee -RRB- and Stevan Jovetic are also out , as is defender Dedryck Boyata -LRB- knee -RRB- . Provisional squad : Hart , Caballero , Sagna , Zabaleta , Kompany , Demichelis , Mangala , Kolarov , Clichy , Navas , Milner , Nasri , Silva , Toure , Fernando , Fernandinho , Lampard , Dzeko , Aguero . Kick-off : Sunday , 4 pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Manchester United 8/5 . Draw 23/10 . Manchester City 17/10 . Referee : Mark Clattenbug . Managers : Louis van Gaal -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- , Manuel Pellegrini -LRB- Manchester City -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Manchester United wins 59 , draws 49 , Manchester City wins 43 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Manchester United have lost their last four league games against Manchester City ; they 've never lost five in a row . Sergio Aguero has scored four goals in his last three Premier League matches against Manchester United . The Red Devils have shipped 11 goals in their last three home clashes against City -LRB- L3 -RRB- . All four of Edin Dzeko 's Premier League goals against United have arrived at Old Trafford . Only three of Wayne Rooney 's eight PL goals against Manchester City have come at Old Trafford . Indeed , his last three against the Citizens have arrived at the Etihad . Sergio Aguero scored the winning goal as Manchester City beat Manchester United 1-0 in November . Manchester City could become the first side in PL history to record five consecutive victories against Manchester United . No Manchester City manager has lost four successive Premier League away games since Stuart Pearce in September 2006 . Sergio Aguero has not scored in any of his last six competitive appearances for Man City . Aguero has been stuck on 69 Premier League goals -LRB- level with Luis Suarez and Kevin Nolan -RRB- since February 21 . Last weekend Ander Herrera became the 15th Spaniard to score two-plus goals in a Premier League game . Juan Mata has four , while City 's David Silva and Jesus Navas have three and one respectively .