Eden Hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders if the Chelsea winger is to be considered among the best in the world , insists Gary Neville . Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Barclays Premier League title , but Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are ` in outer space ' by comparison . The former Manchester United right-back feels Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben , Thomas Muller , Neymar , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez , but that he is not as ruthless as the rest . Chelsea winger Eden Hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders , insists Gary Neville . Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Premier League title . Cristiano Ronaldo pictured during a Real Madrid training session this week ahead of their La Liga match . Neville says Ronaldo and Barcelona star Lionel Messi are ` in outer space ' by comparison to other players . ` Hazard needs to bully defenders more , become a killer , somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him , ' Neville wrote in his Daily Telegraph column . ` And at 24 , now is the time for him to make those improvements . First of all , he needs to add ruthlessness to his game because he still lets too many defenders off the hook . ` As a right-back , I confess that Hazard would have been a nightmare to play against because he has a low centre of gravity , loads of skill and trickery , two strong feet and the ability to spin in behind you . ` But he is not a bully in the manner of Muller , Neymar or Robben , somebody who will keep coming at you , time and time again . I do not believe that Hazard is capable of having a 46-goal season like Ronaldo , but he can certainly hit the mid-20s . ' Hazard is preparing to face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday , when Jose Mourinho 's men can go one step closer to clinching the title . Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale comes at defenders time and time again , according to former right-back Neville . Neville regards Barcelona 's Neymar as a ruthless player who will come at defenders over and over . Bayern Munich 's Arjen Robben is another who Hazard should try to become more like on the wing . Thomas Muller is classed in the same talent pool as Hazard , Robben and Neymar , according to Neville .