The hospital where the royal baby is due to be born was forced to close one of its wards after patients contracted a mutant superbug , it has emerged . A surgical unit at St Mary 's Hospital , London , has not accepted new patients in more than a week after eight were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae , or CPE . The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . If all goes to plan , the Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private Lindo Wing of the hospital , where her first child , Prince George , was born in 2013 . A ward at the hospital where the royal baby is due to be born has been closed after patients contracted a superbug , it has been reported . Left , the mother-to-be last month , and the royal couple last week . The Zachary Cope Ward was closed on April 15 when eight patients were found to be carrying CPE , a spokeswoman for for Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust told MailOnline . Of these patients , three developed localised infections that required treatment . All have since recovered . The 20-bed unit , which specialises in vascular surgery , is now undergoing a deep cleaning and patients continued to be screened for the bacteria . CPE can live harmlessly in the gut and does not need to be treated . But they can cause potentially fatal infections if they enter the wrong part of the body , such as the blood stream or urine . A 20-bed surgical unit at St Mary 's Hospital , London , has not been accepting new admissions for more than a week after a number of patients were found to be suffering from CPE . Above , the exclusive Lindo Wing . The ward , which specialises in vascular surgery , is on the eighth floor of a building that is across the road from the exclusive Lindo Wing where the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth . There is no suggestion the bacteria could spread to other areas of the hospital . A spokeswoman for the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust said : ` A ward at St Mary 's Hospital is temporarily not taking new admissions after we found that a small number of vascular patients were carrying a microorganism in their gut . ` Unfortunately three of these patients developed localised infections . All have completely recovered from their infections . ' The hospital is screening other patients on the ward to check for infections . The unit is expected to reopen early next week . If all goes to plan , the Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at the exclusive Lindo Wing of the hospital , where her first child , Prince George , was born in 2013 . Above , the couple outside the wing .