The Apple Watch version one , with its much-hyped unbreakable sapphire screen and hundreds of apps , may not be all that it 's cracked up to be and has been labelled ` a waste of money ' by some of Australia 's tech experts . With the wait almost over , release date for the whiz-bang time-piece is set down for April 24 , the price comparison website finder.com.au suggests , if you have n't already pre-ordered , you might be better off waiting until next year for the second generation Apple Watch . ` If you want an Apple Watch battery that lasts longer than a day , better apps and GPS , you might be better off waiting , ' said Michelle Hutchison , Finder 's money expert . ` While the first generation Apple Watch is a very exciting piece of wearable technology , there are clearly many key features missing from the watch . If you 're going to spend between $ 499 and $ 24,000 on the first edition , you might end up being disappointed with its functionality in 11 months time . ' Scroll down for videos . The long-awaited Apple Watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide but a panel of technical experts claim it is far from perfect . The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $ 499 for the cheapest version right up to $ 24,000 for an 18-carat model . Michelle Hutchison and Jeremy Cabral from comparison website finder.com.au are among those who have run the rule of the soon-to-be released futuristic watch . The Apple Watch gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours . Those who pre-ordered are expected to take delivery on Friday . While Apple is promoting the release with ads stating `` you 're going to be amazed by how many things you can do with Apple Watch '' , a survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch . They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement , pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current Apple Watch . Other key features which are absent , include an independent internet connection -LRB- the watch relies on an iPhone for data -RRB- , GPS and water-proofing was also an issue . Apple proudly exclaims it to be ` our most personal device yet ' . ` Apple Watch is unlike any device we 've ever made , ' the company states on its `` Watch Technology '' website . ` The result is an experience that 's both unique to Apple Watch and quintessentially Apple . To make the best use of its size and location on your wrist , Apple Watch has all-new interactions and technologies . ` They let you do familiar things more quickly and conveniently . ' But Ms Hutchison said the first version of the Apple Watch might simply be ` a waste of money ' for some consumers , who might be better off waiting until the 2016 version . The price comparison for the Apple Watch across the UK , Australia and US . From $ 499 right up to $ 24,000 . The Apple Watch 1 has been in high demand but some tech heads say version two might be worth waiting for . She also estimated that Apple Watch version two would be released on or around March 18 , 2016 . That was based on a study of release dates between Apple 's first and second edition iPods , iPhones and iPads . Two new features the panellists expect to be available on the second version of the Apple Watch are the GPS facility , and being able to work more independently from the iPhone . Greater access for app developers is also likely to be available on the second version , so said the experts . Mike Rundle , the owner of Flyosity , said he wanted to see it ` work independently from the iPhone or wo n't need an iPhone to set it up ' . He also hoped there would be better GPS capability , along with a ` thinner and faster device with a brighter screen ' Chris Stead , Editor in Chief , Old Mate Media added : ` Better battery life is a given as Apple improve its tech efficiency . ' ` We can also expect more user interface/control options , and greater access to those options for developers . ` This will be required if app makers are going to be able to make bespoke experiences that maximise the Apple Watch , as currently a number of features are gated off , presumably , to minimise quality assurance issues during the device 's launch . ' Mike Rundle -LRB- left -RRB- from Flyosity and Chris Stead of Old Mate Media were among the panel assembled to look at what Apple Watch 1 has to offer . Rundle wanted it to ` work independently of the iPhone ' Mike Bantick -LRB- left -RRB- is from iTWire.com wants the Apple Watch to be water-proof while Angus Kidman -LRB- right -RRB- representing Lifehacker Australia on the panel said the new model should be altered to allow for more apps . But the number one technology upgrade that will have the biggest impact on the Apple Watch is the iPhone 7 , according to those surveyed , followed by iOS9 -- the next mobile operating system -- and Apple Pay where users can make contact-less transactions through the so-called Near Field Communication -LRB- NFC -RRB- technology . ` The most exciting part about the Apple Watch and wearable technology is the endless potential for how these devices will change our lives , ' said Ms Hutchison . ` From turning on our TV to pre-empting a heart attack , to the way we access information and how we pay for things , it has the potential to make our lives more convenient and even more productive . ' Mike Bantick , Contributing Editor at iTWire.com has called for a water-proof sport version , with GP and headphone options , while Angus Kidman , the editor of Lifehacker Australia called on Apple to ` open SDK so there are more apps ' and Jeremy Cabral , Head of Publishing and Editorial at Finder also wants to see it ` work independently to the iPhone ' . The Apple Watch will initially be available in just nine countries : Australia , UK , US , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong and Japan but the company says more countries will come on line at a later date .