Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings . The families of Britain 's Iraq war dead expressed their disgust last night after learning the long-awaited official report into the conflict may be delayed yet again . Publication of Sir John Chilcot 's inquiry , which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £ 10million , had already been pushed back until after the election . Yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest . Bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry , like Tony Blair , the chance to rebut its findings . They added they were now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published . Earlier this year it emerged the report , expected to criticise dozen of senior figures involved in the 2003 conflict , had been pushed back until after the election because it was too politically sensitive to publish so close to a national poll . But sources close to the investigation have now told BBC 's Newsnight that ` nobody thinks it will come out this year ' . In comments that caused anger among military families , the sources suggested that ` once they had failed to meet the pre-election deadline , they gave up trying to speed things up ' . Further delays will fuel speculation that those criticised are trying to bury damning revelations . Last night Rose Gentle , whose son Gordon , 19 , was killed in Iraq in 2004 , told the Mail : ` I 'm actually disgusted . I now definitely do feel like I am being fobbed off . How long do we have to wait ? It has been 11 years since Gordon died and they are dragging it out for all the families . ' Reg Keys , whose 20-year-old son Tom died in 2003 , said : ` We were told from Sir John that it would be a robust and thorough inquiry and we would get the answers we were looking for . This Chilcot inquiry is like an open wound and we need those answers . To have to wait until 2016 for them is just ridiculous . ' Mr Keys , 62 , added he thought the final report would likely be ` watered down ' . Liberal Democrats foreign affairs spokesman Tim Farron said speculation about a delay was ` deeply concerning ' . He added : ` Hundreds of thousands of families have had their lives torn apart by the Iraq War and deserve answers . It is simply not good enough for this process to be continually delayed and the report must be published . ' The findings have been held up by the process of ` Maxwellisation ' -- giving individuals in the report a chance to respond . Newsnight 's diplomatic editor Mark Urban said it had become a ` nightmare ' , with some of those criticised given drafts running to ` hundreds of pages ' . Delayed : Sir John Chilcot -LRB- pictured -RRB- began his inquiry in 2009 . It has cost the taxpayer almost £ 10million , with the findings unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest , it has emerged . Mr Blair has previously denied responsibility for hold-ups to the inquiry -- which stopped taking evidence in 2011 . But bereaved families say they are now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published . Wrangling between the inquiry and Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood over the publication of Whitehall conversations and communications between Tony Blair and President George W Bush has also caused delays . Janice Procter , 53 , whose son Michael Tench , 18 , was one of the youngest to die , told the Mail : ` It is a total whitewash , I think the longer that it has gone , the longer it is giving people a chance to change their responses . It is all lies , lies , lies . I do n't think anybody will get an answer from it . ' Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said he was ` dismayed beyond belief that we are having to wait so long -- and now , it is being reported , even longer than I had feared -- to finally find out the truth of what happened . ' Mr Blair has previously denied responsibility for hold-ups to the inquiry -- which stopped taking evidence in 2011 . Neither the Government nor the inquiry would comment on any delays .