Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year . Hardy , who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month , will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games . This comes almost one year after Hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge in Charlotte , North Carolina of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , Nicki Holder . Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify . Scroll down for video . The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy -LRB- above -RRB- would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . Hardy -LRB- above -RRB- was convicted by a judge last July of beating , strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder . The decision to ban Hardy followed a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February . Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was ` sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects . ' Hardy was dropped by his previous team , the Carolina Panthers , because of these charges last season , but was still able to collect his salary during that time , which was roughly $ 770,000 a week . ` I understand that I need to step away from football right now and take care of this legal matter , ' Hardy said in a statement after he was cut from the Panthers . The Panthers had originally agreed to wait to take action until Hardy had a jury trial regarding the incident in May . His previous conviction was the result of a bench trial . A jury trial that ultimately led to all charges being dropped.Holder told police that Hardy choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his Charlotte condo . Holder -LRB- above with hardy -RRB- told police that Hardy choked her , slammed her against a bathtub , threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his condo . This all came at a time when the league was under heavy scrutiny in the wake of two abuse scandals involving stars Ray Rice and Adrian Peterson . Many were upset with the punishments those two received , feeling the NFL was too lenient . Video of Rice punching then-fiancée Janay Palmer went public last Monday , and Peterson was indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury to a child on Friday for an incident in which he hit his son with a switch back in May . Rice was definitely suspended from the NFL and had his contract terminated by the Baltimore Ravens , while Peterson , who was sidelined by the Minnesota Vikings last Sunday , has now been suspended by the team . Both men are expected by many to return to play in the 2015 , with Peterson back on the Vikings after an NFL decision and Rice winning a wrongful termination suit during the off-season . Rice even pocketed roughly $ 1.6 million in back pay .