Their parents came to the U.S. for opportunities and now these four teens have them in abundance . The high-achieving high schoolers have each been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools : Brown University , Columbia University , Cornell University , Dartmouth College , Harvard University , University of Pennsylvania , Princeton University and Yale University . And as well as the Ivy League colleges , each of them has also been accepted to other top schools . While they all grew up in different cities , the students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America - from Bulgaria , Somalia or Nigeria . And all four - Munira Khalif from Minnesota , Stefan Stoykov from Indiana , Victor Agbafe from North Carolina , and Harold Ekeh from New York - say they have their parents ' hard work to thank . Now they hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change , improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon . The teens have one more thing in common : they do n't know which school they 're going to pick yet . The daughter of Somali immigrants who has already received a U.N. award and wants to improve education across the world . Star pupil : Munira Khalif , from St. Paul , Minnesota , says she has always been driven by the thought that her parents , who left Somalia during the civil war , fled to the U.S. so she would have better opportunities . Munira Khalif , who attends Mounds Park Academy in St. Paul , Minnesota , was shocked when she was accepted by eight Ivy Schools and three others - but her teachers were not . ` She is composed and she is just articulate all the time , ' Randy Comfort , an upper school director at the private school , told KMSP . ` She 's pretty remarkable . ' The 18-year-old student , who was born and raised in Minnesota after her parents fled Somalia during the civil war , she said she was inspired to work hard because of the opportunities her family and the U.S. had given her . ` The thing is , when you come here as an immigrant , you 're hoping to have opportunities not only for yourself , but for your kids , ' she told the channel . ` And that 's always been at the back of my mind . ' As well as achieving top grades , Khalif has immersed herself in other activities both in and out of school - particularly those aimed at doing good . She was one of nine youngsters in the world to receive the UN Special Envoy for Global Education 's Youth Courage Award for her education activism , which she started when she was just 13 . Incredible : Munira , pictured speaking at Malala Day at the UN , hopes to study political science at college . High achiever : She was one of nine youngsters in the world to receive the UN Special Envoy for Global Education 's Youth Courage Award for her education activism , which she started when she was just 13 . She launched a non-profit group , Lighting the Way , to make education more accessible for East African youth , especially girls , through scholarships , libraries and improving sanitation issues . And she was also appointed as A World at School Global Youth Ambassador to promote universal education . Khalif , who plans to study political science at college , said she has yet to decide where to go and plans to visit a few more campuses before she makes her final decision . As well as the Ivy League schools , she also received offers from Stanford , Georgetown and the University of Minnesota - and she 's still letting the realization sink in . ` I was very surprised , ' she said . ` I am humbled to even have the opportunity to choose amongst these schools because they are all incredible places to learn and grow . ' The Bulgarian housekeeper 's son who could n't speak English a decade before he was accepted to 18 top schools in the U.S. Driven : Stefan Stoykov cried on his first day of school because he could not speak a word of English but he is now a straight-A student committed to helping other pupils with language barriers . When eight-year-old Stefan Stoykov moved from his family 's one-bedroom apartment in Bulgaria to the U.S. after his parents won a green card lottery , he could not speak a word of English . ` I started crying on the first day of class , ' Stefan recalled of his first day in the second grade . ` I was scared . I was scared . I did n't understand what was going on around me . ' But now 18 and a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis , Indiana , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools in the world - and he admits he can hardly believe it . ` It is an incredible feeling , ' Stefan told WTHR . ` I never knew that I would have a chance to choose from possibly the best schools from the world . ` I was hoping to get into at least one of the Ivy Leagues . ' But as well as getting offers from all Ivy League schools , 10 other prestigious institutions also came knocking . He has yet to decide where he will go . He revealed that hard work and the support of his mother , a housekeeper , had helped him achieve his goals . Shortly after arriving in the U.S. , his parents divorced and his father took a job as a truck driver , and he has not seen him much since . Impressive : Despite his early struggles at school , he said he knew that he had to make the most of the opportunities he had been given by his parents when they moved him from Bulgaria to the U.S. ` My parents had done so much to put me in this position , to put me in the United States of America , ' he said . ` And I had to take advantage of that . I had to do something with the opportunities they gave me . ' Stefan 's extracurricular activities include tutoring other students with language barriers , running the cycling club and Spirit Week and joining the stock market club , the Indy Star reported . He is also valedictorian and secured a perfect SAT score by borrowing test guides from the library . He also helps his mother - who spent much of his childhood working so that she could support him - with her housekeeping duties so that it takes her half the time . The son of a Nigerian immigrant who dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon . Hard worker : Victor Agbafe , 17 , says he believes his Nigerian immigrant mother set a good example for him in her job as a physician . He now hopes to study microbiology with government or economics . Victor Agbafe , a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington , North Carolina , has no idea where he will attend college , but he 's certain on one thing : he wants to become a neurosurgeon . The 17-year-old was accepted to 14 schools in total , including all eight Ivy League schools and Stanford and Duke . Agbafe , who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics , called his acceptance achievement an ` amazing opportunity ' , WSOC reported . Just before he played a game for his school 's basketball team , he learned that Harvard had made a decision about his application - but he waited until the game was over to find out . ` I owed it my teammates to be focused there , ' he said . ` I did n't want to get too low on myself if I did n't get in . I also did n't want to get too high if I was accepted . ' Going places : The teenager from Wilmington , North Carolina says he plans to visit as many campuses as he can before he makes his final decision by May 1 . He hopes to become a neurosurgeon . He has also been part of North Carolina 's Youth and Government program , where he was chosen as Speaker of the House . He says his mother , a Nigerian immigrant and physician , set a good example for him - but she refuses to take the credit . ` For God to crown his effort with success is just something that is just beyond me , ' his mother Dorothy Agbafe-Mosley said . ` I am very happy that he has all these choices to make . But then it also makes it difficult because it 's a lot of good schools . A lot of good schools . ' Her son will make a decision later this month after visiting as many campuses as possible . The Nigerian student who credits his Target employee parents with his success . Top student : Harold Ekeh , from Long Island , New York , has been accepted to 14 colleges in total . Ten years after his family moved him from Nigeria to the U.S. , Harold Ekeh is hoping to do something for them in return . The 18-year-old Long Islander was accepted by 14 colleges - including all Ivy League schools - and now hopes to study neuroscience to cure Alzheimer 's , the disease his grandmother suffers from . The straight-A student at Elmont Memorial High School secured an SAT score of 2270 . He also worked as editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the Model United Nations . But he was n't expecting to get into so many top schools . As well as offers from the Ivy League colleges , he was also accepted by Johns Hopkins , NYU , MIT , Vanderbilt , and SUNY Stony Brook . ` It was crazy , ' he told DailyMail.com . ` My mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter . I could n't believe it . ' Afterwards ` I went to Chipotle with my friends for a half steak half chicken burrito bowl . It was perfect , ' he said . Devoted : He hopes to study neuroscience and find a cure for Alzheimer 's , which his grandmother suffers from . He said it was the resilience of his parents , former Target clerks Paul and Roseline Ekeh , that gave him the drive to achieve the best . ` It was such a huge thing for my parents to uproot our family , a family of six , from our home to a new country , ' he said . ` I was worried as a kid about speaking with an American accent , but they had to worried about actually finding jobs . They joked that they came over for the 24-hour electricity . But I know it was so we would have opportunities as children . ` No matter how many times they got knocked down , they stayed positive , and kept telling me that the secret to success in unbridled resolve . ' He said he is leaning towards going to Yale but will be visiting a few more campuses before making his decision before May 1 .