A young mother who killed herself days after telling police she had been kidnapped and raped has given evidence in the trial of her alleged attacker from beyond the grave . A jury watched a distressing video interview in which the 20-year-old told officers how she flagged down a car belonging to Iranian Masood Mansouri believing he was a taxi driver . But instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends , it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her . Masood Mansouri , 33 , from Saltney , Flintshire , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault . The woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes , before getting another taxi to the club . Initially she tried to forget about the attack , the second sexual assault she had suffered in her short life . But she became so distressed the next day she broke down and told her mother . In a text message the woman , who had a history of depression , told her mother to make an appointment with her doctor , saying : ` I really ca n't handle being alive any more . ' She was interviewed by police , but five days later took an overdose of her mother 's blood pressure tablets and died . In her interview the alleged victim told officers : ` I felt worthless and helpless and that I needed to tell someone . ` I do n't feel like this is something which someone should be able to get away with . ' Judge Raj Shetty , sitting at Chester Crown Court , told the jury that the woman 's suicide made the case ` unusual ' but stressed that it should not affect their judgment . The court heard that the alleged attack took place in the early hours of Sunday , August 10 last year . Nicholas Williams , prosecuting , said the woman , of Mochdre , North Wales , had been to a party with two Chester University friends at their halls of residence . A jury at Chester Crown Court was today shown a video-taped interview which the woman gave to police two days after the alleged incident . Five days later , the woman took a fatal overdose of prescription tablets . The group then decided to go to a nightclub around ten minutes ' drive away . After struggling to get a cab , the woman flagged down Mansouri 's BMW 3 series , believing it to be a taxi , and asked him to wait for her friends who were still inside . But he allegedly sped off and drove to his home in the suburb of Saltney , Chester . The woman became frightened and sent three chilling text messages to one of her friends , saying she had been ` kidnapped ' and that she was ` not joking ' . The final one added : ` Literally scared . ' When they arrived , the woman repeatedly said she did not want to go inside but told police she felt ` trapped and intimidated ' so agreed . Mansouri , it is alleged , started trying to kiss her , before carrying out the ` rough ' sexual assault and rape . After she reported the alleged attack , the woman was examined and Mansouri 's DNA was discovered . He was arrested but claimed the sex was consensual . In a statement , the girl 's mother , a college support assistant , told officers that her eldest daughter had been the victim of a sex assault when she was 15 . The man was later prosecuted and jailed . The court heard that following the first attack , the woman became depressed and started suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . She had a baby but could not cope with looking after her daughter . Six months before her death , the court heard , the woman was hospitalised nine times after trying to commit suicide . But her mother said that immediately before the alleged rape she had appeared happier . Mansouri denies three counts of kidnapping , sexual assault and rape . The trial continues . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .