Controversial plans to spend £ 3.2 million pulling down a 19th century country mansion and building a ` Butlins-style ' gipsy camp have been approved despite angry protests by neighbours . Villagers in the small country hamlet of Cledford , near Middlewich in Cheshire , had vehemently opposed the plans saying that travellers could ` intimidate ' nearby pensioners and may ruin the idyllic surroundings . But yesterday , Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting , which will create a ` transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families . The 200-year-old Cledford Hall in the small hamlet of Cledford in Cheshire which is being knocked down to make way for a ` Butlins-style ' gipsy camp costing £ 3.2 million . People living in the village have reacted with fury about the plans saying travellers could intimidate nearby pensioners . The mansion 's Grade-II listed adjoining barn will be converted into ` washing and toilet ' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden will also be provided at the expense of taxpayers . The cost of the project , revealed through a Freedom of Information request , has left locals stunned , and they now fear their picturesque cottages will be left worthless as they contemplate selling up and leaving the area . Formerly Grade II-listed Cledford Hall , which dates back to 1822 , was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its listing was cancelled . It will be fully demolished to make way for the site which will house gypsy families for a maximum of 28 days before they must move on . Around 100 letters of opposition were handed to the council alongside a petition comprising 500 signatures but they will continue with the plans - which also include a play area - in efforts to put a stop to ` unauthorised encampments ' . The £ 3.2 million cost of the project was only revealed through a Freedom of Information request and got the go ahead yesterday by Cheshire East Council . Cledford Hall , which dates back to 1822 , was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its Grade-II listing was cancelled . Builder Bob Moody , 66 , bought a ` dream ' retirement cottage with his wife Trisha , 61 , and has spent £ 130,000 renovating it with original Victorian fittings . It now lies , almost finished , at the site 's entrance but he is refusing to move into it and fears he could lose £ 100,000 if it is put on the market . He said : ` We 're totally gutted . We 're not going to live there now . Can we sell it ? It 's going to be so hard to sell . We honestly do n't know what to do . ` Most of my life savings have gone into this cottage . Do we chop the price to half of what it was worth or do we sit on it ? Would anybody want to rent it from opposite a gypsy site ? ` We were so confident we were going to get somewhere in that meeting because we had strong arguments especially in regards to fire safety , as the plans put the caravans too close together which flouts regulations . Builder Bob Moody at the gates to the site with local residents Ken Roden and George Beevers . He says he was only given three minutes to voice his concerns on behalf of residents at the planning meeting . Mr Moody beside the house he bought in Cledford as a retirement home . He is refusing to move into the property and fears he could lose £ 100,000 if it is put on the market . ` If they have to be three metres apart they may have to reduce the number of caravans . That means they could be spending up to £ 5million to accommodate six to eight families . It 's ludicrous . ` These types of transit families in Cheshire can be obstructive , they may fight with police , defecate in hedges , leave rubbish everywhere . These are not the sort of neighbours that OAPs want opposite them . ' At the planning meeting , the strategic planning board of Cheshire East Council had eight votes in favour of the site , with one against . Three members abstained from voting . Residents also raised concerns that the new site would destroy local wildlife which had settled on the site of Cledford Hall , including grass snakes , hedgehogs and toads . A planning permission sign next to Cledford Hall . Cheshire East Council say the development is needed to house travellers in the area . Mr Moody added : ` None of us can understand why the council should think it necessary to spend such a large amount of money providing a luxury Butlin 's - style holiday camp for travellers in such lovely countryside . ` There could be a minimum of between 80 and 100 gypsies and travellers at any time . Some may be very pleasant and law abiding , but you will always get the few who are n't . ` They are only allowed to stay for 28 days so you ca n't form a relationship with these people . If we get the odd ones that fight and get drunk and cause trouble it will be very intimidating . ' Mr Moody explained he was only given three minutes to voice his concerns on behalf of residents at the planning meeting . He added : ` I 'm going to talk to a lawyer to see if there is any way we can get compensation . ` It is the direct action of Cheshire East Council that has lost me nearly £ 100,000 and I ca n't recover that cost . ` This has totally ruined my retirement and retirement plans . I have n't set a date for my retirement now because our dream was to go to our little idyllic comfortable country cottage in the fields of Cheshire and that 's been shattered now . ' Building work on the site is due to go ahead in the near future since the passing of the final stage of the application . Councillor Don Stockton , head of housing and jobs for Cheshire East Council who lives in the nearby town of Alderley Edge and was part of the applying team , said : ` We need a site somewhere in Cheshire East as we have a lot of travellers in the area and have had a lot of unapproved sites where travellers have been and we have not been able to move them . ` This is an approved site which we have investigated and compared with many others across the borough . It is very difficult to get these things sited and there has been plenty of public opposition . ` I know there has been a lot of public angst and people have n't liked it but I 'm afraid that is going to be the case wherever you would wish to put a transit site . ` I do feel sorry for the nearby residents . I think if the site was on my doorstep it 's just a case if wherever these things are sited it is bound to have opposition . ` It would n't matter whether it was next to my house or anyone 's house . With the best will in the world we have to try and pick the best site possible . ` It 's just inevitable there is opposition and I 'm very sorry for those who have a problem with that . We are under a legal obligation to have site for travellers . '' Middlewich , which borders Cledford , was named the UK 's fourth most desirable place to live in a Royal Mail study last year .