The fiancee of fusilier Lee Rigby has found ` happiness ' with an army major 27 years her senior . Aimee West , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper -- a former comrade of the murdered soldier . Just two years after Fusilier Rigby was hacked to death in Woolwich , south-east London , she is said to have formed a close bond with Major Draper , who was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral . Scroll down for video . Lee Rigby 's fiancée Aimee West -LRB- left -RRB- has found happiness with a friend of the murdered soldier , Major Paul Draper -LRB- right -RRB- . Major Draper 's ex-wife , Jane -- whom he left for another woman in 2002 -- said she was not surprised by his new relationship . Speaking from her home in Sunbury-on-Thames , Surrey , yesterday , she said their three children were aware he was dating Miss West . ` He left me for a girl in the -LSB- Army -RSB- Cadets , ' Mrs Draper said . ` He then was seeing another girl who he met in the Cadets , who he was with for around ten years . ' It was this relationship , not his marriage , that Major Draper ended before spending time with Miss West . His ex-wife added : ` He 's gone out with two other girls from the Cadets and one was 20 years younger . ' Aimee West , 24 , was devastated when her husband-to-be Fusilier Rigby -LRB- pictured -RRB- was hacked to death in the street in Woolwich , south east London , two years ago . According to reports , Miss West and Major Draper have been on several dates in the past few months . The 51-year-old , a decorated member of the Middlesex and North West Army Cadet Force , told the Sunday Mirror : ` I like to see Aimee . We are very good friends and we enjoy each other 's company . ' A source told the paper it was ` common knowledge they 're dating ' , adding : ` If anyone deserves to be happy , it 's Aimee . She 's had a dreadful time . ` She 'll never forget Lee -- he was so important to her -- but everyone wants her to be happy . Paul is a lot older than Aimee but he 's been there for her since Lee died . ' Major Draper separated from his latest partner , Priscilla , last November . He and Miss West have since attended a number of Cadet functions together and last month he comforted her at a St Paul 's Cathedral service to honour fallen soldiers in Afghanistan . Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales in August 2012 and a year later they were engaged . Pictured from left , Aimee West , Lee Rigby 's sister Sara McClure and his mother Lyn Rigby at the Old Bailey . Remembering him last year , she said : ` As soon as he turned up , everyone knew he was there because he was energetic and fast-paced , and like nobody else I ever met . ' Miss West was 3,500 miles away at Camp Bastion in Afghanistan when she learned her fiance had been killed in front of horrified onlookers near Woolwich Barracks . British-born Michael Adebolajo , 29 , and Michael Adebowale , 22 , mowed down Fusilier Rigby in a car as he was walking towards the barracks in a Help For Heroes hoodie , before hacking him to death with knives . They claimed the heinous act on May 22 , 2013 , was revenge for the killing of Muslims by British armed forces . They were both jailed for life . After the sentencing , Miss West said : ` I hope that this is the last we will hear from them both , so that I can focus on rebuilding my life and keeping Lee 's memory alive . ' Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales and became engaged in 2013 . Following Fusilier Rigby 's death , Miss West quit the Army and has gone back to university , where she is studying to be a lawyer . She set up the Lee Rigby Fund as part of the Soldiers ' Sailors ' and Airmen 's Families Association -- and is set to run the London Marathon to raise money for the charity later this month . Last November , she spoke of her daily battle to block thoughts about the two Islamic extremists who murdered her fiance . In an interview , she said : ` I 've mentally detached myself to be able to cope . ' Miss West was not available for comment at her home in Feltham , west London , yesterday . Lee Rigby 's killers Michael Adebolajo -LRB- left -RRB- and Michael Adebowale -LRB- right -RRB- were jailed for life for the murder .