Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear , according to club legend Frank McLintock . The Chile international has been a smash hit since arriving from Barcelona last summer and his 20 goals in all competitions have powered Arsenal 's season . The Gunners are second in the Barclays Premier League following an eight-match winning run and face Reading on Saturday in the semi-finals of the FA Cup . The performances of Chilean star Alexis Sanchez have caught the eye of Arsenal legend Frank McLintock . Scottish defender McLintock made 403 appearances for the Highbury club between 1964 and 1973 . McLintock lifts the FA Cup following Arsenal 's win over Liverpool in 1971 , part of their Double win . And McLintock , the Scottish defender who made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973 , has praised his debut-season contribution . He told Perform : ` I heard it said recently how many of the Arsenal side would get into past Arsenal sides ? ` They said probably Sanchez and that 's not too far away . Two or three others would come close . ' Arsenal have left their good form too late to sustain a title push , with Chelsea currently seven-points ahead with a game in hand . Sanchez celebrates with team-mate Aaron Ramsey after the Welshman scored their winner at Burnley . Sanchez celebrates scoring Arsenal 's third goal against Liverpool last Saturday . Frank McLintock was a Scottish centre-half who joined Arsenal for a club record £ 80,000 in October 1964 . He spent nine seasons at Highbury , the latter part as club captain . He won the league title in 1971 , along with the FA Cup , which Arsenal retained 12 months later . They also tasted European success in 1970 , beating Anderlecht to win the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup . In all , he played 403 matches for the club , scoring 32 goals . And McLintock believes the club need to raise their expectations ahead of the next campaign . He said : ` I think we have to be a bit better than we are . But they 're doing well , I 'm happy they 're doing well - it 's a good sign . ` I do n't want to see Arsenal talking about getting top four , I ca n't believe they 're setting their standards that low . ` They should be talking about wanting to win the championship and winning our first European Cup . ` I do n't want to see us talking as though getting fourth place is good enough , we should be aiming our sights much higher . '