After years of suffering behind its barbed wire fences , watching those they loved waste away before their eyes while Nazi guards systematically slaughtered them by the tens of thousands - this is the moment the inmates of Bergen-Belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground . Steeped in human misery , these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of Jews , Gypsies , homosexuals , Nazi opponents and the disabled , sent to an inhuman death by Adolf Hitler and his demented regime . Diarist Anne Frank , and her sister Margot , also died here . Shortly after the camp was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945 , it was torched , and at least part of that suffering was destroyed forever as the buildings , along with the Reichskriegs flag and Hitler portrait which adorned them , were consumed by flames . These hellish images , which were taken by British Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons , captured that poignant moment in history for future generations to remember . Infamous : This is the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in Germany as it appeared in the days after it was liberated by British and Canadian troops , adorned with the German Reichskriegs flag -LRB- left -RRB- and a portrait of Hitler -LRB- right -RRB- . Historic : As a crowd of people watch on , British troops burn the buildings to the ground . These never-before-seen images were captured by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons , who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it . Up in smoke : The camp , which became the final resting place of 50,000 Jews , Gypsies , homosexuals , Nazi opponents and those with disabilities , is burned to the ground after liberation in 1945 . Gone , but not forgotten : The images were uncovered by Tom Marshall , the great-grandson of Mr Parsons , who said he is proud that his great-grandfather was brave enough to take the pictures , so future generations do not forget what happened . Send off : In dramatic scenes soldiers line up in front of a stage as the camp is torched , bringing to an end the suffering inside . Mr Parsons , orginally from Leicestershire , was one of just a handful of British Army chaplains who made it inside the camp , and whose job it would have been to help cure the sick , and offer last comforts to those who were beyond saving . Anne Frank , whose diaries of persecution at the hands of the Nazis became the defining account of the Holocaust , was just one of Bergen-Belsen 's many victims . Frank was living in the Netherlands when the Nazis seized it in 1940 , leaving them trapped . In 1942 they were forced into hiding in secret rooms hidden inside Otto Frank 's office building . They spent two years there , but were anonymously betrayed and sent to the concentration camps . Anne , and her sister Margot , were taken to Bergen-Belsen , where they died of typhus in February 1945 , just months before the Allies liberated it . When the Allied troops arrived at Bergen-Belsen , it was in the grip of a terrible typhus outbreak , with prisoners dying at a rate of 500 a day . A sombre sign erected by the British Army , and photographed by Mr Parsons , documents at least part of that grisly death tool , revealing that 13,000 people perished even after troops came to their aid . In other images he documents pits filled with the emaciated corpses of the dead , and cramped buildings filled with the typhus-ridden bodies of those who were still alive . The images were brought to light by Mr Parsons ' great-grandson Tom Marshall , 27 , who decided to publish the pictures after finding them tucked inside an old box among his grandmother 's possessions . Mr Marshall , a photo restorer who lives in Glasgow , said : ` I often come across very interesting historical photographs showing stories that impel me to dig deeper and find out as much as I can about the people in the pictures , and what they did with their lives . ` I never knew him , but my grandmother said he never talked about his time in the war . I did n't know why , but now I understand . ` We had no idea he had taken these pictures , and I feel now is the right time to share them . Words struggle to describe the unbridled horror within . ' Charles served in the Royal Flying Corps during the First World War , and because he was aged 39 when the Second World War broke out , he initially joined the Home Guard . However he transferred to the regular Army , and was eventually sent to Germany . Charles was one of a handful of British Army chaplains who entered the camp in the days following liberation . The pictures show the temporary sign erected by the British shortly after the camp was liberated , revealing just part of the grim death toll . During the course of the war , Bergen-Belsen became the final resting place for over 50,000 Jews , Poles , Soviets , opponents of the Nazis , homosexuals , and Gypsies . Chilling : This temporary sign was erected by British troops , detailing just a portion of the grisly death total , which eventually reached 50,000 . Sickening : Inside one of the camp hut , the sick and the dying huddle on the floor in the appalling conditions their Nazi captors left them in . Clinging on : Survivors huddle inside tents in the wasteland in the centre of the Bergen-Belsen camp , where diarist Anne Frank also died . Horrific : Around 500 people were dying per day of typhus and starvation when the Allies arrived . The number of bodies was so great that the Nazi captors had given up burying them , and had simply dumped many in the woods . Mr Marshall added : ` Perhaps the most discussed Jewish victim of the Holocaust Anne Frank died in Belsen shortly before the liberation , probably of typhus which was rife among the dying . ` When my great-grandfather arrived at the camp there were nearly 500 people dying each day , from the appalling conditions and the typhus outbreak . ` Along with the other chaplains , medical staff and medical volunteers , he saved many lives and gave both spiritual and medical support to the survivors . ` They were all true heroes - I 'm so proud he documented what he saw , because it 's important for future generations not to forget . ' After the war , Charles returned to his work as a vicar , and raised two children , Tom 's grandmother Ruth and sister Joan before dying aged 54 , in 1953 . Mr Marshall said : ` I never knew him as he died 35 years before I was born but I do know he was a brave man who saved many lives . ` I have also come to learn how important the non-military members of the forces were , and still are , providing essential support and care at times of need . I 'm very proud of my great-grandfather and I know that you do n't have to be a soldier to fight a war . ' Slaughter : More emaciated bodies are piled in one of the many shallow graves that surrounded the camp , located in northern Germany . Mr Parsons -LRB- left -RRB- took the pictures following the camp 's liberation after he went inside with other British troops to tend to the sick . When the camp was discovered , up to 500 people a day were dying there from typhus . Burial : British soldiers and German locals helped to bury the dead in the days after the camp was liberated from the Nazis 70 years ago .