The parents of a California boy who was briefly kidnapped as he slept in the family car while it was stolen from their driveway have now filed a complaint against the very same police force that found him just hours later . Paul Guzman of Fairfield , California , the father of 8-year-old Brock Guzman , took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife Suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing . This after Suzanne refused to let the officers into their home , something Paul claims she was doing for their own safety . Scroll down for videos . Brock Guzman -LRB- above with parents Paul and Suzanne -RRB- was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside Monday morning . His parents , Paul and Suzanne , are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported the incident , with Suzanne being thrown to the ground handcuffed -LRB- above -RRB- . Shortly before this incident , at around 4:45 am on Monday , Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something . While inside , someone stole the car , and he and his wife immediately called officers . When they arrived on the scene they said Suzanne refused to let them in , and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home . That is when Suzanne reportedly grew belligerent , and can be heard cursing on their body cams , at which point they restrained her . She can be heard saying at one point ; ` I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! ' Paul told ABC 7 however that his wife was just trying to protect the officers from one of their two dogs in the house , who would have likely attacked them when they came inside . Suzanne -LRB- above -RRB- was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers , something Paul claims he captured in a video . And while police found their son in the car roughly two miles away shortly after , and the young boy read a letter thanking them , Paul is still upset . ` We were treated like criminals , ' he said . They have now hired an attorney , but former FBI agent Rick Smith seems to think they may not have a case against police . ` The people being interviewed get a little defensive , which is natural , police are used to that , ' he explained . ` But I think there 's a little bit of undue sensitivity here on the part of the family . ' Meanwhile , police are still trying to determine who took the car with Brock .