Rory McIlroy believes it is ` unthinkable ' that he will not win the Masters at some point to complete the career grand slam . And the world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at Augusta National in 2011 was the most important day of his career . McIlroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after Gene Sarazen , Ben Hogan , Gary Player , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods . Rory McIlroy tees off at the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament in Orlando on March 19 . ` For me now it 's a career-long goal to win there to achieve something that only a handful of players have ever achieved , ' the 25-year-old said in an interview with BBC Northern Ireland . ` There 's something special I can achieve going into Augusta this year . You are a complete player if you can win every major because they are on different golf courses , different tests , different conditions . Not many guys have done it in history so to put my name there would be awesome . It would just be incredible . ` You feel the sense of what can be achieved but I ca n't think about that too much . I just have to think about trying to go out there and playing as best as I can and if I can do that hopefully my scores add up to a shot lower than anyone else 's . ' McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances , finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored by his marker in the third round . McIlroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta later this month . But the 25-year-old can not picture going through his career without slipping on at least one coveted green jacket . ` During my career , yes it 's unthinkable , ' he added . ` If I do n't win it this year ... either it 's not the right time or it is n't your time . If I was to look back as a 60-year-old on my career and not have won a green jacket I 'd obviously be very , very disappointed . ` And not just one . I feel like it 's a course I can do very well at and a golf course I can hopefully win multiple times on . Obviously getting that first one is extra important and from there we can go on and maybe think about getting some others . ' McIlroy held a four-shot lead going into the final round four years ago , only to collapse to a closing 80 and finish 10 shots behind the winner Charl Schwartzel . But he bounced back to win his first major title by eight shots in the US Open two months later , before adding wins in the 2012 US PGA and both the Open and US PGA last year . McIlroy is hoping to emulate the likes of Jack Nicklaus -LRB- above -RRB- by winning all four major titles . ` I think it was the most important day of my career , ' he added . ` If I had n't had the whole unravelling and say I just made a couple of bogeys coming down the stretch and lost by one , I might not have learnt as much . ` But for it all to come apart how it did I learnt an awful lot . I learnt so much about myself and my game and what I needed to do differently the next time I was in that position . ` Luckily it did n't take me long to get into a position like that again where I was leading a major and we know how that one played out . I was able to get over the line pretty comfortably . ' McIlroy 's extraordinary success last year came despite the distractions of calling off his wedding to Caroline Wozniacki and a legal dispute with his former management company which cost him millions of pounds when it was finally settled in February . McIlroy 's extraordinary success last year came he called off his wedding to Caroline Wozniacki . And he hopes he can again use the golf course as his ` sanctuary ' from the pressure and hype surrounding Augusta . ` The golf course was my sanctuary , it was where I could get away from everything and just not have to think about it for the four or five hours that I am out there and it helped . It really did , ' he added . ` I was looking forward to getting to the course and playing and practising and I think it will be the same at Augusta because there will be so much hype and build up and talk about what could happen . ` I know I wo n't be able to wait until Thursday morning or afternoon and just get on the golf course and play golf . There is only so much you can talk about it and then you have to go out and try and play . '