The family of a young Italian woman who was killed in a horror car crash in Perth are pleading with the Australian public to help them as they can not afford to bring her body home to be buried . On April 6 -- Easter Monday - Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero , 21 , were involved in a horrific head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from Margaret River . Ms Riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries . Scroll down for video . Family of Italian woman killed in a horror car crash in Perth are pleading with the Australian public to help them bring her body home to Italy . They have started a crowdfunding appeal on ` Go Fund Me ' to raise up to $ 20,000 to transport her body . On Easter Monday , Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero , 21 , were involved in head-on collision . Ms Caffero remains in hospital in a critical condition . She can not breathe without assistance and is being treated for a broken back , two broken legs and a fractured neck . Ms Riccioni 's devastated family in Italy can not afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation , hoping for the kindness of strangers . The transportation of her body could cost as much as $ 20,000 . The appeal on ` Go Fund Me ' titled ` Help get Martina Home , ' has already seen more than $ 13,000 donated by 367 complete strangers that hope to see the 23-year-old laid to rest in her hometown . Ms Riccioni and boyfriend Vince Andretta met 6 months ago when she moved to Australia to start a new life . He warned her about the dangers of Australian roads and that they were a lot faster than those in Italy . Ms Riccioni and her boyfriend Vince Andretta met six months ago when she moved to Australia to start a new life . He warned her about the dangers of Australian roads and that they were a lot faster than those in Italy with aggressive drivers . He has urged the public to help Ms Riccioni 's family to get her body home . ` Even if it 's a dollar anything will help , just to get her home , ' Mr Andretta told Channel Nine News . ` Whilst in Perth Martina met her soulmate and began creating a life for herself in Perth , ' the crowdfunding appeal says . He has urged the public to help her family to get her body home so it can be buried in her hometown . Ms Riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident . ` Even if it 's a dollar anything will help , just to get her home , ' Mr Andretta told Channel Nine News . ` Martina Riccioni is a beautiful young woman who travelled to Perth from Italy in order to create a better life for herself . ` Please help get Mr and Mrs Riccioni 's daughter 's body home so they can give her the proper send off like she deserves -LRB- and -RRB- allow them to say goodbye to their daughter for the last time , ' Ms Riccioni 's boyfriend 's father Carlo said . Mr Andretta also wanted to issue a warning to tourists . ` The roads here are not like the autobahns in Italy , well lit and made for speed , ' Carlo told ABC . ` I 've driven on country roads most of my life and I know you just do n't know what 's around the corner . '