Why would you spend your holiday at another nondescript hotel , when you could have your own island , and stay in a 19th century lighthouse , all for the same price as a b & b . The impressive Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany , France , and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat . Groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of € 200 -LRB- £ 145 / $ 215 -RRB- for two nights . Scroll down for video . Ile Louët is set 1148 ft from the shore in Brittany and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests costing just £ 145 . Enjoy spectacular views of the Morlaix Bay from the island that used to guide safety through the bay . The quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of € 200 -LRB- £ 145 -RRB- for two nights . Suitable for adventurers only , guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers , who had to manually guide boats through the waters on the Carantec coast . From 1857 to the 1960s this was done by person , and the island was inhabited until this point by the families of the guiders . The neglected property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home , and guests can journey to the haven for a few days of relaxation in the powder-blue lodging . But the property is only suitable for those who are happy to be cut off from the world , and who want to rely on being ferried over by a local sailor , for the return trip sum of € 100 -LRB- £ 70 -RRB- . The secluded island has to be reached by boat , and you can hire a local sailor to transport you and your guests for the return trip sum of € 100 -LRB- £ 70 -RRB- . The lighthouse keeper 's cottage has a patio area , perfect for enjoying a sunset BBQ overlooking the bay . The lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and their families would inhabit the island with the lighthouse keeper . Despite lacking a high-tech interior , the lighthouse cottage offers spectacular views over the bay and guests can enjoy sunsets whilst having a BBQ on the cottage patio while listening the waves crash against the rocks . While the retreat sounds idyllic , guests will have to sacrifice some home comforts . The outcrop has no hot running water , and a chilly night run to the toilet awaits , as the outbuilding has been converted into a bathroom . What the bathroom lacks in facilities , however , it gains in breathtaking views . The lighthouse island is so popular that it is fully booked for 2015 , but enquiries for 2016 can be made by emailing carantec@tourisme.morlaix.fr . The cottage is adorned with powder-blue shutters and has an outbuilding bathroom . Bit chilly ! An old pigsty was converted to be a new bathroom , which is separate from the house . Guests are left on the island and have to arrange their own means of transport . The lighthouse island is so popular that it is fully booked for 2015 , but enquiries for 2016 can be made .