An assistant school principal in Texas has received a lenient sentence after admitting to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student during a prom event in 2012 and having sex with the girl in his office . Light sentence : Mark West , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 . Mark Steven West , 32 , who is married with a child , was sentenced Tuesday to four months in jail followed by eight years probation after pleading guilty to the improper relationship while working at Spring High School in Spring , Texas . He had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ` feeling horny ' . The girl admitted as such to police also , telling them she encouraged West to have sex . But despite the light punishment , the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment , saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated , which would have made their encounter legal . ` You did it because you enjoyed the attention of young girls , ' State District Judge Catherine Evans said , according to The Chron . ` We 're talking about a razor thin margin of three weeks between what separates a felony crime from a poor decision to have an inappropriate extramarital affair . ' State law prohibits educators having sex with students . West apologized to the court , saying he made ` bad decisions made on impulses ' and was being ` selfish ' . School officials were first tipped off to the allegations after hearing rumors and seeing inappropriate interactions between West and certain students at the school on separate occasions , according to court documents . He tickled one girl , lifted up another , and was accused of making inappropriate comments to two others . West was interviewed by a senior staff member at Spring High School in Texas in December 2012 after administrators heard that he made a sexual remark about one female student and possibly had sex with another . He was also investigated in the 2011-2012 school year for inappropriately touching a female student on her lower back . No charges were filed due to lack of evidence but he was ordered not to have any contact with female students . One staff member said she was extremely uncomfortable by the number of lengthy ` closed door meetings ' West was having with female students . The staff member said she observed students leaving his office , smiling and laughing , with their clothes and hair disheveled . Scene : West has resigned from his post as assistant principal at Spring High School , Texas , after the incident became public . He eventually pleaded guilty and no longer works as a teacher . She also saw West ` body slam ' a female student , in a playful manner , on a couch in the lobby office . Students told investigators about rumors that West had sex with a student at the 2012 Project Prom event . The woman , who is now at college , told investigators she seduced West . She told investigators that she came on to West first and that he initially refused her advances , according to court documents . She said she started to flirt and talk with West , allegedly telling him that she ` was horny and wanted to have sex with him ' . The woman said she continued her advances until he agreed to meet her in his upstairs office . Once alone , the two of them began to kiss and then had sex , investigators said . West denied having sex with the student , but authorities felt they had enough evidence to file charges . He was placed on administrative leave and then resigned . While he maintained his innocent for some time , West finally admitted what he had done and pleaded guilty . Spring High School Principal Donna Ullrich issued a statement to parents , writing at the time of West 's arrest : ` I want to assure you that the safety of our students is of the highest importance at Spring High School . ` The criminal history and references of job applicants are routinely checked before they are hired . ` The administration at Spring High School takes every allegation seriously and will conduct a thorough investigation and expose inappropriate behavior when necessary . ' West 's wife testified at his hearing that he is still not working as a teacher . The prosecution had pushed for a much higher sentence , reiterating that he was not just a teacher , but a principal . West does not have to register as a sex offender .