This is the dramatic moment a coach exploded into a fireball on a busy interchange at the M25 motorway . The coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning with only the driver on board . The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle . The coach erupted into flames this morning on a busy interchange at the M25 motorway sending smoke into the air . Fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle . Kent firefighters were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames . The fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach . A spokesman for Kent Fire and Rescue said : ` Fire crews were at the scene of a single-decker coach fire for appoximately an hour . Fire crews had to close the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford while they worked to tackle the blaze . The fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment before it quickly spread to the body of the vehicle . ` Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus used two hose reels to tackle the blaze . ` The fire , which destroyed the vehicle , is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach . ` No-one was injured and only the driver was on board at the time of the incident . ' The slip road still remains closed as the Highways Agency begin to remove the wreckage of the coach from the scene . Drivers are now being urged to avoid the area near to junction two of the A2 with traffic backed up to Dartford Heath . Meanwhile a separate crash near the entrance to the Dartford Tunnel this morning has also caused slow traffic on the M25 anticlockwise . The burnt out wreckage of the coach which burst into flames with only the driver on board . The slip road still remains closed while works begins to remove the wreckage of the coach from the scene .