Gemma Redhead was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison , following a conviction for raping her . Brutally raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life , Gemma Redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed . But as she attempted to rebuild her life , the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack -- from the man who carried it out . After he was released from prison , having served only half his sentence , he defied a restraining order to phone her . Miss Redhead said the 46-second call ` reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack ' , leaving her unable to sleep or eat . ` As soon as I heard his voice I realised who it was , and it disturbed something deep down inside of me , ' she said . Miss Redhead , 33 , who has waived her right to anonymity , was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after being repeatedly raped by her former partner , Philip Kirby . She endured eight years of violence at the hands of bullying Kirby and his attacks became so brutal she lived in fear every day , thinking he would kill her . In August 2010 the mother-of-four , who has a child with Kirby , decided to break up with him . After they separated , Kirby , 32 , refused to acknowledge the end of their relationship and begged Miss Redhead to take him back . He continued to harass her and eventually forced his way into her home before subjecting her to a harrowing ordeal . After the first horrifying attack , Miss Redhead begged him to leave , but he told her : ` I 'm already going to jail for a long time so what difference does it make ? ' before raping her again . Kirby , of Newcastle , initially denied rape . But on the first day of his trial he changed his plea , admitting four counts of rape . In April 2011 , he was jailed for eight years with a five-year extended licence period . He was also handed a restraining order which banned any contact with Miss Redhead for the rest of her life . Meanwhile she began counselling , including cognitive therapy , and medication to help her overcome her post-traumatic stress disorder . But she says her hopes of rebuilding her life have now been shattered . She said : ` It is a daily struggle and an ongoing battle to deal with this . After his initial arrest I was hopeful for the future and felt free and that I could begin to rebuild my life . Philip Kirby had been sentenced to eight years in prison but was released after three years , and phoned his former partner . The rapist had been banned from contacting her for life and will now not be released until 2023 . ` I now feel it will never be so and he will not leave me alone . ' Referring to the chilling phonecall , Miss Redhead added : ` But at the same time I was not surprised . I had always felt as though he would come after me once he was released . ' She said Kirby had tried to ` destroy ' her and she feared he would continue to harass her for the rest of her life . ` We tried so hard to rebuild our lives after he virtually destroyed it , ' she said . ` He will never leave us alone . We just ca n't escape him . We feel trapped by his behaviour . Why ca n't he just leave us alone to get on with our lives ? I just want my family to be left in peace . ' Miss Redhead described herself as being in an ` extreme state of anxiety ' since the phone call from Kirby . She said : ` I will no longer go outside on my own . I ca n't eat or sleep and when I do sleep I have constant nightmares and flashbacks . I am really scared . Ms Redhead was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack . She is pictured -LRB- above -RRB- with Kirby during their relationship . ` Despite telling probation he would n't contact me , he has . Prison has not been a deterrent for him . I feel very fearful of what he would do next . ` I am still full of fear . I would like to be free of fear and not constantly worrying about his next release date . ' After the phone call Kirby was hauled back to court and he admitted breaching his restraining order . On Friday , Newcastle Crown Court heard that Kirby was released from prison in November last year and after drinking vodka he decided to contact his victim last month . He was sentenced to a further six months and will not be released until 2023 , serving his full jail term . Judge Deborah Sherwin said : ` What makes this matter particularly bad is the effect she suffered at your hands originally . ` It is not part of my function to sentence you again in respect of that but it is the legacy of that , that she feels vulnerable and afraid , therefore any phone calls made by you would have a greater effect on her than they might do to any other person . '