At a quick glance , Robert Mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into South Africa for a state visit today . However , upon closer inspection , it was apparent that the photograph emerged after a bit of camera trickery , and the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him . The comical image emerged amid claims the president of Zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him . Scroll down for video . At a glance , Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into South Africa for a state visit today , but it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot . It is not the first time an amusing image of the 91-year-old dictator has surfaced , with one of him falling down podium steps becoming an internet sensation earlier this year . The photo , which showed the president taking a tumble after addressing supporters at Harare Airport , was turned into numerous memes showing him in imagined circumstances , such as part of Beyonce 's Single Ladies choreography , surfing or running from security forces . However , Mugabe failed to see the funny side and reportedly had no fewer than 27 bodyguards suspended for failing to stop his embarrassing fall . Mugabe arrived into Pretoria , South Africa today for a three-day state visit to the country amid ongoing speculation that his daughter will assume the position of president after him . He had originally planned for his wife Grace to replace him but , due to her deteriorating health , Mugabe is now said to be keen for his daughter Bona to step up . Last year , Mugabe promoted his wife to a senior position within his ruling ZANU-PF party where she led a vicious campaign to remove former vice-president Joice Mujuru from office . Mujuru was long considered a likely successor to Mugabe but she fell out with the veteran leader late last year and was sacked as vice-president in December . It is not the first time an amusing image of the 91-year-old dictator has emerged , with one of him falling down podium steps outside Zimbabwe 's Harare Airport -LRB- pictured -RRB- becoming an internet sensation earlier this year . The photograph , which showed the president taking a fall , was turned into numerous memes , including one which super-imposed him onto Kim Kardashian 's iconic ` Break the Internet ' cover for Paper Magazine . Other memes which quickly circulated online showed Mugabe taking part in Athletics alongside Usain Bolt . Mugabe reportedly had no fewer than 27 bodyguards suspended for failing to stop his embarrassing fall . Last week , the ruling ZANU-PF party expelled Mujuru altogether for allegedly plotting against the president . The 59-year-old was accused of ` plotting to unconstitutionally remove President Robert Mugabe from office ' , according to a statement from Simon Khaya-Moyo , spokesman for the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front . She was also accused of ` orchestrating factionalism in the party thereby causing acrimonious divisions ' and ` engaging in activities that smack of corruption ' . Her allies in government were also fired and expelled from ZANU-PF after Mugabe himself accused her of plotting to oust him . It left experts believing his wife may follow in his footsteps but the 49-year-old has fallen severely ill in recent months and has been taking regular trips to Singapore for medical treatment . In her absence , his daughter Bona has now taken a more prominent role at the Zimbabwean president 's side at official events and trips . It is claimed that president Robert Mugabe -LRB- centre -RRB- wants his 24-year-old daughter Bona -LRB- left -RRB- to succeed him . Last month , photographs emerged showing her with Mugabe - who is also in poor health - as part of a state delegation that held talks with Japan 's prime minister . The move sparked furious criticism from opposition parties and political analysts but a ZANU-PF spokesman insisted the move was not politically motivated . In an interview with Nehanda Radio , Psychology Mazivisa said : ` Madam Bona Mugabe has not done anything nearly as much . ` We refuse to buy into the narrative that for as long as it 's President Mugabe doing it , no matter how perfectly lawful it is , it 's wrong ... It 's a barbaric way of doing politics . ' But a spokesman for the opposition MDC party said it clearly showed ` that the state has been virtually privatised by the Mugabe dynasty ' .