It is an astronomical nightmare - if an asteroid were spotted headed towards Earth , what could humanity do about it ? The European Space Agency 's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help . It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon at 14,000 mph to see what happens . Scroll down for video . Impact ! An artist 's impression of what could happen when the craft hits the asteroid . Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit . The mission will take place in two parts , and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA 's Asteroid Impact Mission , or AIM . Intended to demonstrate technologies for future deep-space missions , AIM will also be the Agency 's very first investigation of planetary defence techniques . Launched in October 2020 , AIM will travel to a binary asteroid system -- the paired Didymos asteroids , which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022 . The 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon , informally called ` Didymoon ' . This smaller body is AIM 's focus : the spacecraft will perform high-resolution visual , thermal and radar mapping of the moon to build detailed maps of its surface and interior structure . AIM will also put down a lander -- ESA 's first touchdown on a small body since Rosetta 's Philae landed on a comet last November . Two or more CubeSats will also be dispatched from the mothership to gather other scientific data in the vicinity of the moon . AIM 's findings will be returned by high-capacity laser link to ESA 's Optical Ground Station on Tenerife in the Canary Islands . ` AIM should gather a rich scientific bounty -- gaining valuable insights into the formation of our Solar System -- but these activities will also set the stage for a historic event to come , . the space agency says . A similar collision was achieved back in 2005 , when NASA 's Deep Impact spacecraft shot a copper impactor into asteroid Tempel 1 . But the Didymos moon is several tens of times smaller than Tempel 1 , so much greater precision will be required to strike it -- and the possibility of altering its orbit should be correspondingly higher . The Didymos moon is nearly three times larger than the body thought to have caused the 1908 Tunguska impact in Siberia , the largest impact in recorded history . An equivalent asteroid striking Earth would be well into the ` city-killer ' class , leaving a crater of at least 2.5 km across and causing serious regional and climate damage . The 2013 Chelyabinsk airburst , whose shockwave struck six cities across Russia , is thought to have been caused by an asteroid just 20 m in diameter . AIM is also Europe 's contribution to the larger Asteroid Impact & Deflection Assessment mission : AIDA . In late 2022 , the NASA-led part of AIDA will arrive : the Double Asteroid Redirection Test , or DART , probe will approach the binary system -- then crash straight into the asteroid moon at about 6 km/s . ` AIM will be watching closely as DART hits Didymoon , ' explains Ian Carnelli , managing the mission for ESA . ` In the aftermath , it will perform detailed before-and-after comparisons on the structure of the body itself , as well as its orbit , to characterise DART 's kinetic impact and its consequences . The target for the international Asteroid Impact & Deflection Assessment mission , of which ESA 's Asteroid Impact Mission -LRB- AIM -RRB- is a part . In 2020 AIM will head to the paired Didymos asteroids , which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022 . Launched in October 2020 , AIM will travel to a binary asteroid system -- the paired Didymos asteroids , which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022 . The 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon , informally called ` Didymoon ' . ` The results will allow laboratory impact models to be calibrated on a large-scale basis , to fully understand how an asteroid would react to this kind of energy . ` This will shed light on the role the ejecta plume will play -- a fundamental part in the energy transfer and under scientific debate for over two decades . ` In addition , DART 's shifting of Didymoon 's orbit will mark the first time humanity has altered the dynamics of the Solar System in a measurable way . ` It will also give us a baseline for planning any future planetary defence strategies . ` We will gain insight into the kind of force needed to shift the orbit of any incoming asteroid , and better understand how the technique could be applied if a real threat were to occur . ' AIM and AIDA will be discussed at this month 's International Academy of Astronautics Planetary Defense Conference , hosted at ESA 's ESRIN Earth observation centre in Frascati , Italy , which will be devoted to assessing the risk of impacts from asteroid and comets and envisaging possible responses . This year 's event features a simulated asteroid threat exercise , to which representatives of global space agencies and disaster response organisations will coordinate their reactions . Laser link .