She 's been living in New York for a year now , and it seems that Princess Eugenie is right at home in the cosmopolitan city . The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on Thursday . The British royal , who is currently working in New York , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt . Princess Eugenie , who recently turned 25 , was engrossed in her phone after indulging in some retail therapy at Intermix in New York . Topshop striped zip through skirt . Earn your style stripes ! Visit site . Like the rest of the royals , Princess Eugenie must be counting down the days until the arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second baby . But until then , she 's busy in the Big Apple ! Luckily for our bank balances , Eugenie is a high street gal at heart -LRB- apart from the odd shopping spree at Intermix ... -RRB- and this is the second time this week we 've spotted her wearing affordable pieces . Yesterday it was a Zara biker coat , and this time around it 's this stripe skirt , which is from Topshop . When teamed with her favorite pork pie hat -LRB- also from Topshop -RRB- and black ankle boots , she 's got city chic sussed ! And the good news is that emulating Eugenie could n't be easier . Just click the link -LRB- right -RRB- to buy her skirt now , and if -LRB- as we predict ! -RRB- it sells out , shop our edit below . We love the zip front and patch pocket of this Sixties-inspired style , which would look great dressed up with bare legs and heels , or down a la Eugenie with tights and ankle boots . Earn your style stripes ! 4SI3NNA Textured Stripe Miniskirt at Nordstrom . Visit site . Finders Keepers Tightrope Skirt at Urban Outfitters -LRB- Now $ 69.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Nicole Miller Bold Stripe Mini Skirt at Zappos . Visit site . Missguided Contrast Check Asymmetric Mini Skirt . Visit site . Proving she 's as thrifty as her royal relative , the Duchess of Cambridge , Eugenie recycled her favourite leather-trim black coat for the second time this week . The young royal completed her look with a pair of Chelsea boots and carried her favourite Rebecca Minkoff quilted handbag . The fashion fan appeared to have snapped up a few purchases , as she carried an Intermix bag . Intermix offers the most sought-after styles from an edited selection of coveted designers . According to the shop 's website , within the intimate shopping environment , personal stylists work one-on-one with clients to create looks from designers including Stella McCartney , Proenza Schouler , Missoni , J Brand and Chloe . Princess Eugenie showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , leather top and a black and cream miniskirt . The fashion fan carried a shopping tote from Intermix , suggesting she made a few purchases at the store . The young royal completed her look with a pair of Chelsea boots and carried her favourite Rebecca Minkoff quilted handbag for the second day in a row . On Wednesday , the Princess was seen out and about with a female friend rocking a similar urban chic outfit . At the end of last month , the young royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the UK , celebrated her 25th birthday . In the middle of a Palace function , her father , Prince Andrew , whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in Manhattan . The shop stocks trendy brands including Stella McCartney , Proenza Schouler , Missoni , J Brand and Chloe . If that was n't enough , the prince got his 400-strong audience in the State Apartments at St James 's Palace to sing a cheery rendition of Happy Birthday , accompanied by a trumpeter from the Scots Guards . The royal , who was hosting the Pitch@Palace event for entrepreneurs , introduced the stunned audience to the singalong at St James 's Palace , saying : ` We are going to do something new this evening . ` The lady in the middle is my youngest daughter and it 's her 25th birthday today . ' Laughing Eugenie , wearing a pair of novelty birthday candle glasses to mark the occasion , and accompanied by her sister , Princess Beatrice , and mother , Sarah , Duchess of York , smiled and waved . Andrew told her : ` You will notice that we have somebody here to play -LRB- gesturing to the trumpeter -RRB- . ' He then turned to the lance corporal and added : ` If you will lead us in Happy Birthday please ... ' There were cheers from the crowd as the song came to an end , while plenty of others waved and tried to capture the moment on their camera phones . Eugenie looked delighted and said she was ` very proud , Pops ' of her father 's role in the awards , which celebrate innovation and technology in the creative industries . But the singalong did not impress his ex-wife , who joked - in the style of a Eurovision announcement - that the rendition scored ` zero points ' . The Duke of York holds an iPad as he invites the audience at the Pitch@Palace event to sing happy birthday via FaceTime to his daughter Princess Eugenie . Sarah added : ` We think you all need to go for choir practice . ' Andrew , however , was content with the gesture . ` Having been told this was a bad idea , it worked , ' he said . The Prince , who used a Pitch@Palace event last year to send the first royal selfie , joked : '' What was it somebody said about children and dogs ? ' The social media-savy Royal is also the only senior working royal to have his own personal Twitter account . Eugenie has been in New York for the past year , working for an online auction house . Princess Eugenie of York , pictured with her sister Beatrice at attend The Serpentine Gallery Summer Party last summer , proves she can cut a glamorous figure .