Neil Robertson revealed a new practice repertoire which he hopes will lift him among the game 's all-time greats after storming into the second round of the Betfred World Championship . The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones in Sheffield . Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport 's major crowns . Australia 's Neil Robertson plays a shot during his match against Wales 's Jamie Jones at The Crucible . ` I have put in more hours for this tournament than any other in my whole career , ' the 33-year-old Australian said . ` Before I played my first-round match I potted 300 balls without missing - that 's the stuff -LRB- Stephen -RRB- Hendry used to do . Hendry used to not miss for six or seven frames , and that 's what you have to do if you want to dominate matches . ` If you were to stop my career and look back , I would definitely have a feeling of ` what if I had practised more ? ' . I think I could do more so I 've left no stone unturned coming into this tournament . ` It would be harsh to say I have under-achieved , but I think I could have won a lot more if I 'd sacrificed a little bit more . ' Barry Hawkins found himself the reluctant star of another Crucible epic after clinging on to beat qualifier Matthew Selt in a final-frame decider . The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 to move within one frame of victory . Robertson celebrates winning in his World Snooker Championship first round match against Wales 's Jones . But Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from Hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9 win . Hawkins - who fought off a similar fightback from Dominic Dale in last year 's quarter-finals , admitted : ` I ca n't keep putting myself through that . ` There 's nothing worse than when someone is coming back at you like that and you can see your lead disappearing . Robertson contemplates a shot during his World Snooker Championship first round match at The Crucible . ` You 're telling yourself it 's only one frame but you can see him growing in confidence and potting long balls so it is a horrible place to be . ' Ding Junhui 's dismal record at the Crucible looked set to continue as he lost the first four frames of his first-round match against veteran Mark Davis . The world number three looked distinctly out of sorts in the early stages , but clawed his way back to reduce the deficit to 3-4 overnight .