This is the photograph circulating on social media site SnapChat that is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school . The picture , taken by a person who claims to be a student at Geelong College , south-west of Melbourne , is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock . In the picture taken through a window , the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen . Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on Snapchat . This is the photograph circulating on social media that is believed to show principal Andrew Barr watching pornography in his office at Geelong College . Daily Mail Australia contacted the school to verify the image is of Mr Barr but it was not willing to comment further . Chairman of the Geelong College council , Dr Hugh Seward , told the Geelong Advertiser last week the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards , even if the investigation found Mr Barr not to have broken any law . ` The matter was taken very seriously , ' Dr Seward said . ` Just before Easter , The Geelong College council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards . ' ` The council immediately looked into the matter and when our concerns were confirmed , Andrew Barr tendered his resignation . ' Mr Barr resigned after a student at The Geelong College took the picture of him and shared it with other students using the photosharing app , Snapchat . In a statement , Dr Seward thanked Mr Barr for his contribution to the school since he joined the college in 2013 . ` In the two years since his appointment , Mr Barr has made an enduring contribution to the College 's educational vision and future planning . The Council is grateful for Mr Barr 's commitment and achievement , ' he said . Mr Barr is a former chairman of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia and previously served 10 years as principal of Scotch Oakburn College in Melbourne . Dr Seward told the Geelong Advertiser the investigation confirmed Mr Barr had not broken any law and ` at no point ' did his actions affect the care provided to students . The Geelong College Council has since announced it has begun searching for a new Principal . Chairman of the Geelong College council , Dr Hugh Seward said the incident was a serious breach of the school 's standards .