An Australian plus-sized model has revealed her skinnier counterparts have only ` one cracker and a couple glasses of water ' per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week . Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women 's Weekly magazines . Having lived and worked with other less curvy models in New York City , Wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny . Scroll down for video . Laura Wells -LRB- left -RRB- has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women 's Weekly magazines . ` It goes to the extremes - no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day , ' Wells told Australian Women 's Weekly . The model believed this was not healthy and also took a toll on their mental health as well . ` These girls are going to the extremes to look like that and not being booked for any jobs and they 're living with a plus-sized model who 's working every single day , and comparing themselves to me who 's eating really healthy , ' she said . In the interview with the magazine , Wells also revealed she was very resistant to taking up a career as a fashion model . Wells was spotted by talent scouts in New York City in 2005 and said at first she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005 . She said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . ` I wanted to punch everyone in the face ... -LSB- I thought -RSB- basically they were calling me fat , ' Wells said . ` That was my perception of the word `` plus size '' , that people were calling me `` fat '' . ' She has modelled for Myer , Macy 's , David Jones , Bloomingdale 's and Asos to name a few brands . Wells said while she was a plus-sized model who was defined as someone who was ` four to six sizes bigger than a standard model ' , she was not ` plus-sized in reality ' . Since then Wells has gone to model for Macy 's , Bloomingdale 's , Myer , David Jones , Berlei and Asos . Despite her career breakthroughs , she thinks people 's perception of body image still has a long way to go . ` It 's slowly changing but not to the extent where it needs to be , ' Wells said . ` It needs to be at the point where it 's celebrated anymore ... Why is n't it just seen as normal ? '