Her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says Audrey Alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade . What 's more , it now seems likely to remain that way . Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay . It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family . It kicked off 35 years ago when Mrs Alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii . A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge -LRB- pictured -RRB- has finally come to and end after 35 years . The battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge . Then , 23 years ago , single mother Mrs Alexander bought the house and asked her neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim the hedge . She claims Mrs Robinson refused and declared : ` I would rather move than touch these trees . ' The dispute rumbled on , with Mrs Alexander , 54 , claiming that the trees knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her property . She sensed an opportunity , however , with the passing of the High Hedge Act in Scotland in 2013 which allows local authorities to take action in such cases . Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked £ 20,000 off the value of neighbour Audrey Alexander 's house -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The situation came to a head in 2008 , when a 65ft section of hedge is said to have fallen and demolished a neighbour 's garden shed . Audrey Alexander -LRB- pictured -RRB- also claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches . But her council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge , although it has to be cut to 20ft . Mrs Alexander said the ruling made ` no difference ' . The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden . Complainants and the hedge 's owner are encouraged to resolve the issue between themselves and councils should only be called in to help as a last resort . Because the effect the hedge has is not always clear , disputes can last for years before an agreement can be reached . The local authority can either issue a high hedge notice , which orders owners to cut the hedge back , or decide not to act . The local authority can not make any orders about the roots of the hedge . She added : ` The whole situation is appalling -- the legislation is about giving people the right to sunlight . ` It 's a disgrace and I feel extremely let down . ' The neighbour refused to comment . Mrs Alexander 's only option is the courts which she can not afford to do . Over the years she had used the mediation services of Stirling District Council to try to resolve the issue . The situation came to a head in 2008 , when she claims a 65ft section of hedge fell , demolishing a neighbour 's garden shed . Following the introduction of the High Hedge Act , Stirling Council found in her favour but the neighbour appealed and won the 20ft ruling . Dr Colin Watson , of Scothedge , a group which demands the end of ` high hedge tyranny ' , said that the council 's decision was ` pretty crazy ' . A council spokesman said the decision was made ` after carrying out a site inspection and considering all the evidence ' . Mrs Alexander said her aunt , now 87 , had moved to France to enjoy ` sunshine and gardening ' . Ms Alexander called in Stirling District Council to try to solve the quarrel , but no solution could be found and the feud continued . The council ruled that the hedge should be cut to about 20ft , a height which Ms Alexander claims will still block most of her sunlight .