Ander Herrera has shunned comparisons with Paul Scholes , saying ` there will never be another ' . The stylish Spaniard has been hailed as the one player who could take over Scholes ' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield but modest Herrera has been quick to distance himself from the former England international . Herrera , 25 , took part in one of Manchester United Foundation 's Dream Days on Monday , meeting up with ill children and adults at Carrington . Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes . Scholes , pictured celebrating in January 2012 , was known for ability to score goals from midfield . Afterwards he took to his Facebook page to answer questions from supporters who compared him to Old Trafford favourite Scholes , who scored 107 goals in 499 games for United . Herrera , though , said : ` There will never be another Scholes . He was a one off . ' Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £ 28.8 million arrival from Athletic Bilbao last summer and says his favourite strike so far was his spectacular opener in the 2-0 FA Cup win over Yeovil Town but hopes ` the best one is still to come ' . Herrera 's favourite goal for United came against League One side Yeovil in the FA Cup third round . Scholes smashes home one of his 107 goals for Manchester United against Reading at Old Trafford . In a United Facebook question and answer session , he went to explain that he wears both ` Ander ' and ` Herrera ' on his shirt as he is superstitious . ` I did it before in Bilbao , and I am superstitious . I started using ` Ander Herrera ' at Athletic a few years ago and I had a very good time there so I wanted to keep putting it on my shirt . I think Marcos Rojo is the same . Actually , in Spain , everyone has at least three names including the last name of both their dad and their mum . ` I always play passionately -- for the team and our supporters . I am emotional . Every win and every victory makes me happy but maybe I hope the most emotional moments are coming . I am sure of that , in fact , because I am at United . '