He loves fast cars , big houses and flash clothes so Floyd Mayweather is n't one to hold back in the kitchen either , given that he pays up to $ 1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by Chef Q . The boxer invited compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion , as he continues his preparation for the $ 300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao . Broner , a three-time world champion , took to Instagram to show off the food on show . Floyd Mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish . Chef Q , also known as Quiana Jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet . Adrien Broner posted this photo of the feast on offer as he labelled Mayweather as his ` big bro ' Chef Q has been cooking for Floyd Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced . BBQ chicken was on offer as she cooked one of her famous southern dishes . Cajun tilapia is a very spicy fish dish and another one of Chef Q 's specialities from the south . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM in Las Vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history . Quiana Jefferies , born in LA but had a grandmother from Louisiana who taught her how to cook southern dishes . Graduated from the Culinary Arts Le Cordon Bleu in Pasadena , was part of the reality show Guy 's Grocery Games by restaurateur Guy Fieri and then cooked for celebrity life coach Tony Gaskins . He said : ` Came to big bro@floydmayweather house to get a great meal from @chefism ' Chef Q was also keen to show off her work and posted a video captioned : ` This is why I 'm called the #KitchenBeast No it 's not #Thanksgiving but it feels like it @floydmayweather wanted all this so I gave it to him # 1000plate # 2000plate #AddUP #BeInspired #BBQChicken #CajunTilapia #Potatoes #Mac #CandyYams #RedBeans and #Rice #BraisedCabbage #GrilledBroccoli #CheckMate #Oprah #TMT . ' His personal cook was born in LA but was taught to make southern delicacies - as seen in the video - and labels herself as the ` kitchen beast , ' who also cooks to TV legend Oprah Winfrey . Jeffries , is keen to show off her friendship and partnership with the undefeated fighter , with a series of Instagram posts showing her followers all the dishes that she cooks for him . Potatoes and vegetables are also an important part of Mayweather 's fight preparation diet . Red beans and rice were cooked by the pan load as both boxers feasted on the expensive dishes . This steak dished was cooked by Chef Q and would have cost the boxer $ 1,000 per plate . Fried turkey dogs are another specialty southern dish of Chef Q 's that Mayweather loves to indulge on . ` Holy Molly is that #Steak ... Now you know why it 's a # 1000plate #CheckMate #BARS #AboutLastNight @floydmayweather #Oprah #CallMe #BeInspired , ' she added to one caption . With the fight just eight days away , Mayweather was obviously keen to get as much protein in his system as possible and was happy to pay thousands of dollars for the dishes . The fight is at the welterweight limit of 66.7 kg , with the 38-year-old adopting an all-organic diet to be in the best shape of his life . Adrien Broner and Mayweather are known to be close friends with both training at the same gym . With the fight tickets selling out in under 60 seconds , it 's poised to be one of the most memorable and iconic clashes in the history of sport . The MGM Arena in Las Vegas is the chosen venue , where ` Money ' knows if he wins , then he would have created a legacy like no other . Keen boxing fan , Gordon Ramsay is another chef who seems to be reaping the benefits of Mayweather 's big appetite - with the prospect of a ringside seat available in exchange for a meal . ` Money ' told World Boxing News : ` I can sort that out for him , not a problem . If Gordon wants ringside tickets , then Gordon has ringside tickets . ` All I want in return , after I win the fight , is to go a little way down the strip to his grill at Caesars Palace and have the best chef in the world cook me up chicken wings , a burger and cheesecake . ' English chef Gordon Ramsay has been offered ringside seats in exchange for cooking a post-match meal . Disappointed by his decision to take his diet to the next level , Las Vegas-based restaurant Fatburger created their very organic ` Floyd Burger ' to keep their favourite customer happy . Owner Darin Feinstein told TMZ : ` The meat is from the Sunfed ranch , highest quality beef . The lettuce , tomato , onion , relish , even the special sauce is all organic . ' The boxer made headlines inside the establishment back in May 2014 , when he was involved in a huge brawl with rapper T.I. . The Filipino has been training hard with his coach Freddie Roach ahead of the $ 300million mega-fight . With his undefeated record on the line , Mayweather appears to be taking this fight more seriously than others .