Wasps made an honourable and defiant exit from the Champions Cup on Sunday as they took the holders to the wire and may have clinched a seismic upset , but for a glaring official oversight . Dai Young 's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe 's premier event over a punishing weekend , but this was no meek capitulation . Despite the chronic inconvenience of losing Nathan Hughes to a contentious ban and Christian Wade to an untimely injury , the visitors raged gallantly against the dying of the light . Ali Williams crosses for a late try for Toulon as they put victory over Wasps on Sunday beyond doubt . New Zealander Williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned . Wasps ' Ashley Johnson attempts to bust through the wall-like defence of European champions Toulon . TOULON : D. Armitage , Tuisova , Bastareaud , Mermoz , Mitchell , Michalak , Tillous-Borde , Menini , Guirado , Hayman , Botha , Williams , Gordodze , S. Armitage , Masoe . Replacements : Orioli , Chiocci , Chilachava , Fernandez Lobbe , Wulf , Giteau , Claassens , Suta . Tries : Bastareaud , Williams . Conversions : Michalak -LRB- 2 -RRB- Penalties : Michalak -LRB- 6 -RRB- . WASPS : Miller , W. Helu , Daly , Masi , Varndell , Lozowski , Simpson , Mullan , Shervington , Cittadini , B. Davies , Myall , Johnson , Haskell , Thompson . Replacements : Festuccia , McIntyre , Cooper-Woolley , Gaskell , Young , C. Davies , Goode , Leiua . Tries : Helu -LRB- 2 -RRB- Conversions : Goode . Penalties : Lozowski -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Referee : George Clancy -LRB- Ireland -RRB- . Toulon are back-to-back continental champions , awash with Test talent , but they were given a scare by their tenacious opponents -- and even forced to adopt sly , illegal tactics to survive a second-half fightback . Seven minutes from full-time amid a cacophony at Stade Felix Mayol , Wasps launched a daring raid from their own 22 which eventually culminated in a second try for Will Helu , but it also featured a miscarriage of justice . Former All Black lock Ali Williams pulled back Elliot Daly off the ball as he ran clear in support of Joe Simpson . It was surely one of the most obvious offences of its type ever committed in the sport , yet Williams not only avoided a yellow card , but he was on hand to touch down three minutes from time for the try which distorted the final scoreline . Wasps were left battered and beaten , but richly deserving of the ovations from their pockets of supporters around the ground . Captain James Haskell 's work-load was worthy of three men and Andrea Masi also gave body and soul to the cause , while Simpson and Daly were outstanding . Toulon playmaker Frederic Michalak pulls the strings for the defending European champions . Wasps ' No 10 Alex Lozowski kicks away from Michalak during their European Champions Cup quarter-final . Toulon fans celebrate after the opening try from their giant French centre Mathieu Bastareaud . CLERMONT v SARACENS , Stade Geoffroy-Guichard , St Etienne , Saturday , April 18 , 3.15 pm -LRB- GMT -RRB- . TOULON v LEINSTER , Stade Vélodrome , Marseille , Sunday , April 19 , 3.15 pm -LRB- GMT -RRB- . There was a certain sense of inevitability about the outcome , but Wasps refused to accept that they were out-gunned , even when Toulon were able to summon the likes of Matt Giteau and Juan Fernandez Lobbe from their stellar cast of reserves . Young was delighted with how his side had performed , once they stopped being so deferential . ` I 'm really proud of the effort and the commitment , ' he said . ` There was real frustration in the first half , because we gave them a bit too much respect in the first 30 minutes . We were a little bit frantic , a little bit panicky , but we will learn from that and I thought we played some really good stuff on occasions . I 'm pleased that we were in it right to the end . ' Wasps defence descend on Toulon 's Guilhem Guirado at the Felix Mayol Stadium on Sunday . Toulon speedster Delon Armitage makes a break for the defending champions . Lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the Toulon player on the ground . Asked about Williams ' illegal tug on Daly 's shirt , Young added : ` There were three people -LRB- in the ground -RRB- who did n't see it ... the referee and the two touch judges . ' Toulon went ahead when Mathieu Bastareaud blasted over the line from close range in the eighth minute and , as their pack took control , Frederic Michalak was able to dispatch five first-half penalties . The Top 14 leaders went into the break 22-6 up , but Wasps turned the tables as Daly scorched down the right to tee up Helu 's first try . Michalak 's sixth penalty appeared to settle the holders , but Helu touched down for the second time after another crucial intervention by the outstanding Daly . When Williams went over to quell the uprising moments later , it secured Toulon a semi-final against Leinster in Marseille , and left Wasps to head home craving another shot at this tournament next season .