Jose Mourinho might have called it poetic justice as Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time to deliver a major blow to Burnley 's prospects of staying in the Premier League . Burnley were left feeling hard-done-by as referee Mike Jones denied them a couple of possible penalties and more significantly allowed Kevin Mirallas to stay on the pitch for a tackle worse than anything Barnes did . All that would be called karma in Mourinho 's book . The Chelsea manager condemned the Burnley forward for a ` criminal challenge ' on Nemanja Matic at Stamford Bridge in February when he escaped unpunished and Matic was sent off for retaliation . Everton forward Kevin Mirallas -LRB- right -RRB- opens the scoring on his return to the first team at Goodison Park . The Belgium international gestures after handing Everton the lead in their 1-0 defeat of Burnley . Everton midfielder Ross Barkley walks away with his head held low after missing a chance to give his side the lead from the spot . Burnley forward Ashley Barnes reacts after being shown the red car by referee Mike Jones just before half time . Everton -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Howard 6 ; Coleman 7.5 , Stones 6.5 , Jagielka 6.5 , Baines 7 ; McCarthy 6 -LRB- Besic 88 -RRB- , Barry 6 , Barkley 6 ; Lennon 8 , Kone 6.5 -LRB- Naismith 80 -RRB- , Mirallas 6.5 -LRB- Lukaku 61 6 -RRB- . Unused subs : Robles -LRB- Gk -RRB- , Garbutt , Alcaraz , McGeady . Goal : Mirallas 29 ' Booked : Mirallas . Burnley -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Heaton 7.5 ; Trippier 6.5 , Duff 6 , Shackell 6.5 , Mee 6 ; Jones 5.5 -LRB- Taylor 84 -RRB- , Arfield 6.5 , Boyd 6 -LRB- Wallace 84 -RRB- ; Ings 6.5 , Vokes 5.5 -LRB- Jutkiewicz 59 6 -RRB- , Barnes 5 . Unused subs : Gilks -LRB- Gk -RRB- , Taylor , Ward , Kightly . Booked : Barnes , Arfield , Shackell . Sent off : Barnes . Referee : Mike Jones 6.5 . Attendance : 39,496 . Man of the match : Aaron Lennon -LRB- Everton -RRB- . CLICK HERE to see all the stats , including Ross barkley 's hat map -LRB- above -RRB- , from Sportsmail 's brilliant Match Zone service . On Saturday , Barnes was n't so lucky , getting a first yellow card for an attempted sliding tackle on James McCarthy and a second for a foul on Seamus Coleman . ` It was just two silly challenges , not malicious , ' said Dyche . ` But at least the referee got that one right . ' That was a pithy way of explaining he was less than happy with Mr Jones for denying Burnley penalties for a John Stones challenge on Barnes and an attempt by McCarthy to bring down Scott Arfield . And he was furious that Mirallas stayed on the pitch for a high lunge on George Boyd early in the second half . ` That was the biggest one . It 's impossible he stays on the football pitch for a challenge like that , ' said Dyche . ` High , late . I 've no clue why it was n't a red card . ` I do n't want to see players surround referees . We do n't . Maybe we should because other teams would have done after the Mirallas challenge . 10 v 10 is a lot easier than 10 v 11 and we would have fancied our chances . ' Predictably , Everton boss Roberto Martinez had an opposite viewpoint . ` I do n't think it was a red card at all . He stands on his feet in the challenge . It was well-controlled , ' he added before slightly contradicting himself . ` It was a typical striker 's challenge . ' Everton 's on-loan winger Aaron Lennon -LRB- right -RRB- is brought down in the box by Burnley 's David Jones to win a penalty . England international Barkley places the ball on the penalty spot despite Leighton Baines being available . The young Evertonian strikes the ball with conviction as Burnley players race forward to clear any danger . Barkley strikes the ball low and to the left but Burnley keeper Tom Heaton is equal to it with an excellent save . Burnley No 1 Heaton blows a sigh of relief after preventing Everton from taking the lead . Decisions aside , it was clear Everton were the better team on the pitch and deserved the victory given to them after 29 minutes when Arouna Kone dummied Seamus Coleman 's cross and Mirallas finished at the second attempt for his 10th goal of the season . They had already missed a penalty from Ross Barkley by that stage . Burnley 's Tom Heaton was by far the busier of the two goalkeepers and when the visitors had a late chance to equalise , it fell to out-of-sorts Danny Ings who headed Kieran Trippier 's cross wide . Burnley 's brave battle against the drop is in danger of running out of steam , perhaps due to Dyche 's policy of naming unchanged teams . Leicester 's win leaves The Clarets bottom of the table having scored only one goal in seven matches . They face Leicester next weekend and it 's a must-win , . If they been spurred on by the record-breaking Test cricket achievements in the Caribbean of Burnley fan Jimmy Anderson , it did n't show . After ten minutes , David Jones pulled down Aaron Lennon on the edge of the box and they both fell inside . Baines , whose Premier League record from the spot is 15 out of 16 , did n't take it . Barkley did and the effort was saved by Heaton with Martinez unconvincingly stating afterwards he applauded the youngster 's confidence for stepping up . At least it did n't deny Everton a win as Mirallas had done when he grabbed the ball of Baines against West Brom in January and missed his penalty . ` I was very pleased with the overall performance . The scoreline shows you a clean sheet and we had 20 attempts to score , ' said Martinez whose side could still finish a moderate season in the top half of the table . Burnley would bite your hand off at 17th and Dyche still believes in the great escape . ` I thought we were decent in the first half and excellent in the second when we were a man down . ' Goalscorer Mirallas was booked for this studs-up challenge on George Boyd but the winger could have easily been shown a red card . Everton boss Roberto Martinez -LRB- left -RRB- and his Burnley counterpart Sean Dyche watch their teams from the sidelines . Mirallas mishit his initial shot before drilling the ball home from outside the box on 28minutes . The Belgium international was brought back into the Everton side following an injury to Leon Osman . Everton passed the ball around before an interception led to Kevin Mirallas opening the scoring - CLICK HERE for all the game 's stats from our brilliant Match Zone service . Mirallas wheels away after watching the ball into the net for Everton 's opener on Saturday . The 27-year-old raises his hand to acknowledge his goal as Everton supporters rise to their feet in the background . Everton defender Seamus Coleman -LRB- left -RRB- shakes hands with Mirallas to celebrate their opening goal . Burnley striker Danny Ings drops to the ground after taking a knock as Everton take the lead . Tottenham loanee Lennon was named man of the match for an energetic performance . Barnsley striker Barnes -LRB- left -RRB- is given his marching orders for a second bookable offence . Clarets manager Dyche does not look Barnes ' way as the dejected forward trudges past him . Burnley defender Jason Shackell confronts referee Mike Jones at half-time to question the sending off . Everton keeper Tim Howard -LRB- left -RRB- makes a save from Burnley midfielder Jones . Gareth Barry of Everton -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball with Burnley 's Lukas Jutkiewicz -LRB- centre -RRB- . Goal scorer Mirallas is substituted for Romelu Lukaku after being fortunate not to be sent off . Burnley 's Shackell slides in to scythe down Barkley of Everton towards the end of the game . Ings screams in frustration after missing a rare opportunity to bring the visitors level .