The NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £ 13million in 2014 and 4.7 million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing £ 29million , damning analysis has found -LRB- file image -RRB- . The NHS is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste , a damning analysis has found . Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks . Critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when the NHS was rationing routine treatments . It has prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials which are cheaply available at their local chemist . The figures came on the day that Britain was ranked only 27th in the world for health and wellness -- below Slovenia , Spain and Portugal -- and 111th out of 133 countries for obesity . In 2014 , the NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £ 13million . Another 4.7 million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £ 29million , while 1.4 million were written out for multi-vitamins , at £ 4.2 million . Other bathroom cabinet items routinely being prescribed by GPs include Calpol , Vaseline , Strepsils and toothpaste , according to the Health and Social Care Information Centre . Roger Goss of Patient Concern said : ` This is ludicrous . Every week we hear of patients being denied another cancer treatment or refused cataracts while others are being prescribed toothpaste . Whoever is prescribing this or authorising it must have completely lost their mind . ' Doctors admit that some patients abuse the system and arrive at surgeries with shopping lists of toiletries and remedies . But their contract states they must prescribe any medication they think is ` necessary ' , meaning patients can claim that most remedies are needed even if they are cheaply available from a chemist . The NHS is facing a huge black hole in its finances , with chief executive Simon Stevens predicting that by 2020/21 , there will be a gap of at least £ 8billion in its annual budget . Only last month it stopped providing funding for 19 life-extending cancer treatments because there was not enough money to pay for all the patients who needed them . The NHS has also been forced to ration many routine treatments which are considered to be non-urgent , such as hip and knee replacements and cataract operations . Dr Anita Sharma , a senior GP in Oldham , Greater Manchester , said patients come into her surgery every week wanting prescriptions for head lice shampoo , which can be bought for £ 5 from the chemist . ` We need to take a different approach to prescribing , ' she said . ` Primary care must focus on ensuring the use of the right medicine , for the right patient and at the right dose . ` This does not mean a script for every ill . We certainly can not afford to waste NHS money -LSB- on what -RSB- can be bought over the counter . ' Jonathan Isaby , of the TaxPayers ' Alliance , said : ` The vast majority of hard-pressed families have to pay for their own everyday essentials , and taxpayers will be furious if others are gaming the system . ` We must tighten up the rules on these giveaways and give GPs more flexibility , ensuring that only those who really need them receive them . ' Critics have branded the prescriptions for regular bathroom cabinet items such as Vaseline , Calpol , suncream , toothpaste and multi-vitamins as ` ludicrous ' at time of financial crisis for the NHS -LRB- file picture -RRB- . The Mail analysed figures from the HSCIC 's prescription cost analysis , an audit of all drugs handed out on the NHS by GPs , nurses and pharmacists . In England , most patients are charged a fee of £ 8.20 for each prescription . But certain groups can get them for free , including the under-16s , the over-60s , pregnant women or new mothers and adults on benefits . Some patients eligible for free prescriptions have been swapping tips on how to get them for Calpol and Gaviscon on the MoneySavingExpert and Mumsnet websites . And in 2012 , a GP from Glasgow , Scotland , described how patients were coming into his surgery with ` shopping lists ' of items including nappy rash cream and moisturisers . Dr Richard Vautrey , of the British Medical Association 's GPs committee , said : ` GPs have a duty to prescribe where there is clinical need . ` What we do n't want to see is anyone abusing the system . The whole prescribing system needs to be looked at . ' The figures revealed that 1.1 billion prescriptions were written in 2014 -- more than 2,000 a minute and a rise of 3 per cent compared to the previous year . A spokesman for NHS England said : ` GPs are responsible for only issuing appropriate prescriptions to their patients , and these figures underline the importance of ensuring that 's what happens everywhere . '