Radamel Falcao could still sign permanently for Manchester United after it emerged that chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday over the striker 's future . Falcao , who has scored just four times for United since his season-long loan move from Monaco , drew another blank at Stamford Bridge against Chelsea on Saturday evening . But Woodward told Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev last Sunday that they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season . Manchester United could sign Radamel Falcao permanently after holding talks with Monaco on Sunday . The striker has endured a frustrating season on loan at Man United and has managed just four league goals . Vasilyev said : ` I saw the Manchester United people last Sunday and they have not yet decided if they would exercise the option . . ` It 's not his best season , but they kept the opportunity to make a decision at the end of the season . ' Although it seems highly unlikely that United will keep the Colombian striker , Falcao has been given hope of a second chance under Dutch coach Louis van Gaal . Under the terms of the original loan United would have to pay £ 43.5 m for the forward , but it has since emerged that Monaco are willing to negotiate on the transfer fee after a disappointing season at United . Vasilyev added : ` We are not in any other negotiations , even if big clubs are interested . The decision is with Manchester , then we will discuss with the player what he wants . I would like to have more visibility . ' Falcao missed last summer 's World Cup in Brazil following a knee injury and it is thought he rushed his recovery in an attempt to play in the tournament for Colombia . Under the terms of the loan United would have to pay £ 43.5 m for the striker but Monaco are willing to negotiate . Manchester United chief executive Ed Woodward spoke with Monaco president Vasim Vasilyev on Sunday . Vasilyev added : ` He had mishaps in Monaco . He had problems with the coach Claudio Ranieri , there was a lack of understanding . ` He was also seriously injured and missed the World Cup . In late August , he came to tell us that he wanted to play at a higher level . '' Ranieri has since been replaced by Leonardo Jardim and he has backed Falcao to rediscover his goalscoring form after a frustrating season at United . Jardim , speaking ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League clash with Juventus in the Stade Louis II , is preparing for his return at the end of the season . Jardim , speaking ahead of his side 's home clash with Juventus , is confident Falcao can get back to his best . The Portuguese coach said : ` He 's not had a great season that is true , but I 'm sure he can come back to the levels he was at in the past - that much I 'm convinced about . ` It 's not a question for me , but for the players , I 've only worked with him for a month . ' Monaco lost the first leg last week in the Juventus Stadium to a controversial penalty and face Massimiliano Allegri 's team in the second leg .