Almost two weeks on from Liverpool 's wretched afternoon against Manchester United at Anfield , it would appear that lessons have already been learned . Asked about a setback that may yet cost Brendan Rodgers and his players a place in next season 's Champions League , the club 's midfielder Joe Allen was rueful . ` They were ready to go and maybe we were n't , ' Allen told a young supporter at Melwood this week . ` Yeah , maybe the rivalry can sometimes get in the way . ' Joe Allen battles it out with Ander Herrera during Liverpool 's Premier League defeat to Man United at Anfield . Liverpool midfielder Allen spoke to Sportsmail 's Ian Ladyman at Liverpool 's Melwood training ground . Midfielder Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons . For Allen , and indeed for Liverpool , one suspects that their defeat by their greatest rival of all is already being viewed as merely another kink in the road . Certainly there is nobody at Anfield who will accept the opinion offered by Sky Sports ' Gary Neville , the former United defender , that Liverpool froze . ` No , I do n't think that 's the problem , ' said Allen . ` I think over the last two seasons we have performed against the big teams . Games can just be like that sometimes . It does n't happen very often . Next time that game comes around we will get it right . ' Over the past few months at Liverpool there has certainly been more right than wrong . Going into Saturday 's game at Arsenal , they are five points off fourth place in the Barclays Premier League but that still represents progress from the dark days of autumn and early winter . Allen , one senses , has been integral to recent improvement . With captain Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter and the Brazilian Lucas Leiva recently injured , the 25-year-old midfielder has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth . Allen has been given an opportunity with captain Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic choice for Liverpool . While Gerrard is no longer the first name on the teamsheet , Lucas Leiva -LRB- left -RRB- has also been sidelined . Having arrived with Rodgers from Swansea in 2012 , Allen could not always be relied on . He admitted this week that at times the challenge seemed a little too big for him but he hopes that recent performances in big victories against Manchester City , Southampton and Swansea will one day be seen as evidence of a genuine breakthrough . ` I think so , I hope so , ' Allen told Sportsmail . ` Personally I have always been confident that I just needed games . ` I will be open and honest , though . In my first season there were moments when I look back and am disappointed about how I did cope with that -LSB- mental -RSB- aspect of things . ` Maybe I underestimated it a little bit before I came . I tried to anticipate it but you ca n't do it until you get here . Now I have come through that and the only issue this season has been injuries . Hopefully I can stay fit now and show people the best of me . ' Allen 's increased standing at Liverpool saw him selected for a meet and greet with supporters this week . Guest of honour was Sean Melia , a volunteer at the Anfield Sports Community Centre who was present at Melwood as a ` Barclays spirit of the game hero ' . During a 20-minute q & a with a group of supporters , Allen talked openly about the sad feeling at the club when Gerrard announced that he would not be staying and the devastation of last season 's title failure . ` We understand that we gave it to Manchester City , ' he said . Allen admits , at times , the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big but has impressed recently . Gerrard consoles Luis Suarez as Liverpool 's title hopes were dented against Crystal Palace last season . Allen also spoke of the feeling at the club after captain Gerrard announced he would be leaving the Reds . Later on , however , his conversation with Sportsmail was more personal and touched on his relationship with his older brother Harry , a talented footballer who plays for the Wales deaf side after losing his hearing to meningitis as a toddler . ` When we were younger , he was a striker and he was a better player than me , ' revealed Allen . ` At primary school I played with him and his mates and that gave me a little bit of a head start as they were two years older . ` He is profoundly deaf but he speaks so well . I used to sign a little bit but he communicates so well now that I do n't need to . ` Sibling rivalry is the perfect description of what we had , though . We loved playing against each other but there was a competitive edge to it . It 's a while back but I guess that is where the path all started for me . ` It 's hard to say whether he would have made it - it is something that I do wonder about . But going out on to the pitch profoundly deaf is a huge disadvantage . So I do n't know . It 's one of those that we will never know the answer to ... ' Home these days for Allen is the house he shares in Chester with his wife Lacey and son Alfie . Inherently private , he was a little embarrassed when Lacey posted a photograph on Twitter of last year 's birthday present . Then again a photograph of a top footballer holding a live chicken is rather unusual . Allen poses with a rooster bought for him by his wife for the Liverpool midfielder 's 24th Birthday . Allen 's wife , Lacey-Jo , shared the snap of Allen and his Birthday present on Twitter last year . Allen poses with Sean Melia , a volunteer at the Anfield Sports Community Centre who was present at Melwood as a ` Barclays spirit of the game hero ' ` It was just a `` What do you get the guy who has everything ? '' kind of present , ' laughed Allen , fidgeting rather uncomfortably in his chair . ` My wife is a big animal lover and it was , yeah , my surprise present . It has got a name but I 'm not telling you ! We already had a couple of chickens and this is a cockerel . That was the point of it really . In the dressing room , it 's a bit of a random one . ` I keep my private life private and I guess that was a rare insight . We did n't realise what impact it would have but it was harmless enough . ' Allen was rather more comfortable when the conversation returned to football and , in particular , Wales 's weekend win in Israel that left Chris Coleman 's team at the top of their qualifying group for Euro 2016 . Allen was in Cardiff 's Millennium Stadium in 2004 when Mark Hughes 's team lost a play-off to Russia . Now he wants to make some history with his country and finish off the work started by one of his early national coaches , the late Gary Speed . Allen is keen to make history with Wales and finish the work started by former manager , the late Gary Speed . ` His presence is still there for everyone , ' Allen said poignantly . ` He began this journey for us and his big dream was for us to qualify . In lots of ways we want to make sure we can do this for someone like Gary . ` He was a real people person . For a young midfielder going into the squad , he certainly had a huge impact on my career . ` It was a huge win for us in Israel and we have a great chance now . For me it was the perfect thing to happen after the Man United result . ` That 's the beauty of football . There is always the next game to put things right . ' Allen played in the 3-0 win over Israel which took Wales to their top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group . Domestically , Liverpool 's opportunity to make amends begins at the Emirates tomorrow and continues in Lancashire next Wednesday with an FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn . There is still much to aim for at Anfield this season and , with Gerrard suspended for three games , opportunity continues to knock for one of the next generation . ` Whatever happened in one game has gone , ' said Allen . ` We can start another run and do it again . That has to be our belief and confidence now . ` Last season we had a similar run . We have to use that to inspire us . If the teams above us do slip up then we will be waiting . ' Joe Allen was speaking at a Barclays event to inspire the next generation of fans to fall in love with the game . To win Barclays Premier League tickets and other football experiences search : Barclays Spirit of the Game .