Making medical history : Mother-of-13 Annegret Raunigk , 65 , from Berlin , who is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks . She already has 13 children and is due to retire this year -- so you 'd think babies would be the last thing on her mind . But Annegret Raunigk is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets -- at the age of 65 . The German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies , conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment . Miss Raunigk , who features in a documentary on German television tonight , said she was not too worried about the birth , adding : ` I feel fit . I do n't think I will have any problems . ' She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated , using both donated sperm and eggs . The identity of the babies ' father is unknown . Speaking of the moment she learned she was carrying quadruplets , she said : ` Sure , it was a shock for me . ` Once the physician established that there are four babies inside me then I had to do some thinking . ' Miss Raunigk , who teaches English and Russian , said her gynaecologist mentioned the possibility of an abortion but she decided against this option . The mother , from Berlin , previously made headlines in Germany after giving birth to her youngest daughter Leila a decade ago , aged 55 . Her 13 children -- the eldest of whom is daughter Antje , 44 -- are by five different fathers . Miss Raunigk 's physician , Dr Kai Hertwig , said everything was going well . He added : ` So far her age has not come into play but quadruplet pregnancies are always a high risk . We are keeping a close watch on her heart circulatory system , but we have little or no experience with a woman of this age . ' Fame : The mother previously made headlines in Germany in 2005 after giving birth to her youngest daughter Leila a decade ago , when she was 55 -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Miss Raunigk claimed she had no moral qualms about getting pregnant later in life , saying : ` I think one needs to decide for oneself and not listen too much to the opinions of others . ' The record for the oldest woman to give birth to quadruplets is held by Merryl Fudel from the US , who was 55 . The oldest woman ever to have a child was Omkari Panwar , who was believed to be 70 when she gave birth to twins in India .