Shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD ? It 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you . We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work -- and which absolutely do n't . Scroll down for video . I LOOK SO OLD IN THIS ! Dress , £ 270 , Gina Bacconi at johnlewis.com . Shoes , £ 485 , biondacastana.com . Lace may be back in fashion , but to me it 's unfailingly ageing . The unattractive shade of orangey-red is made worse by the colour of the underslip -- a queasy pale peach . Its weight suggests that it 's reinforced concrete and while thick fabric can smooth problem areas , here it bulges at the waist . The shallow V-neck does n't enhance my bust , the sash creates matronliness and the asymmetric lace around the neckline looks torn . 0/5 . IT COULD BE DESIGNER . Dress , £ 150 , Adrianna Papell at johnlewis.com . Sandals , £ 255 , lucychoilondon.com . The lipstick red shade complements pale and deeper skin tones . The ruched style is reminiscent of Herve Leger 's famous bandage dresses , insofar as the fabric stretches to flatter just where it 's needed . My 36DD bust means that a bateau neckline usually creates a gigantic shelf of bosom , but the sheer panel on this stylish dress is an ingenious solution . 4/5 . FIGURE-HUGGING FAILSAFE . Dress , £ 89 , divacatwalk.com . Sandals , £ 395 , carlopazolini.com . Several celebs turn to this British brand 's curve-hugging designs , with Nigella Lawson a devotee . This dress looks great on the hanger and I ca n't wait to try it on . The fit is divine and the dress feels marvellous . The hourglass silhouette has me embracing my inner Joan Holloway from Mad Men . 4/5 . TOTAL KNOCKOUT . Dress , £ 265 , thefoldlondon.com . Shoes , £ 575 , biondacastana.com . It is difficult to overstate how utterly horrible this looks on the hanger -- a drearily shapeless , nondescript sack . Imagine my amazement at the transformation once it 's on . The fit is great , with a length that does wonders for your legs , and the cowl neck provides just enough detail to prevent my bust from creating a vista of bare chest . 4/5 . ONE-SHOULDER SUPERSTAR . Dress , £ 189 , gorgeouscouture.com . A floor-length gown is not top of my must-haves . But it 's always good to have a dress in the wardrobe that makes you feel a knockout . One-shoulder designs create glamour , and in this case the broader band of fabric at the shoulder flatters the exposed arm . Draping and ruching will flatter any figure , and the dress is helped by a body - hugging underslip . ` Very Michelle Obama , ' said an onlooker . 5/5 . CRIMSON NIGHTMARE . Dress , £ 48 , asos.com . Heels , £ 195 , lkbennett.com . First the good news : this crimson colour scores highly for drama , no matter what your skin tone or hair colour . Next , the fit , which is fabulous over my hips and waist , but less so in the bodice . In my case another reason to fear the ultra-plunge neckline is that sensitive skins can become blotchy in the decolletage area when we are too hot . In any case , there is so much going on it 's easy to be drowned in all the detail . 2/5 .