With the cost of a christening hitting upwards of £ 300 , parents are looking for ways to baptise their baby on a budget . And , as always , Asda is on hand to help . Hot on the heels of releasing its budget bridesmaid range , the supermarket giant has unveiled garments for babies being christened . George at Asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . Scroll down for video . Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £ 300 . In response , George at Asda has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting from just £ 4 inspired by Prince George . The range came to fruition on the back of a survey carried out by the supermarket revealing the average amount spent on a christening is now upwards of £ 300 , with 63 per cent of families concerned about the spiraling costs . Invites , celebratory venues , food and entertainment all add hundreds of pounds , so the retailer says it hopes to slash the budget on expensive clothing , with items starting at just £ 4 . The collection includes an embroidered dress , lace collar gown , sateen romper , lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks . George at Asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers , pictured , which cost £ 15 , allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . After discovering that 63 per cent of families are concerned about the spiraling costs of a christening , Asda created this range of outfits , including this £ 15 romper inspired by Prince George . A full outfit for the baby 's big day costs just £ 20 at Asda and in anticipation of the royal birth , Asda has also launched a new regal-inspired gold cot for £ 69 and Prince/Princess babygros for £ 2.50 . A spokesperson for the chain said : ` With celebration ceremonies such as weddings , christenings and confirmations escalating in price year on year , we have noticed a demand for children 's occasion wear both in store and online . ` Our recent flower girl and page boy collection has resonated extremely well with families and so with the upcoming birth of the royal baby and another christening in the pipeline , we wanted to provide a range to give parents the option of remaining within their budgets , while still providing traditional , luxury garments that you expect to see at christenings . ' The new christening collection will be available for girls and boys from tiny babies through to 24 months . Launching online on George.com and in-store today , Asda is the first supermarket to offer this dedicated christening shop to its customers . The collection includes an embroidered dress , left , £ 8 , lace collar gown , sateen romper , lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks . Shoes for the special day will set you back just £ 4 and Asda say their range is the cheapest on the high street .