Three 's company : Rebecca and husband Harry settle in at Anantara the Palm Jumeirah . My husband Harry and I knew this was going to be a landmark holiday - the last one on our own for a long time . Our baby girl is due on June 4 and , when we touched down in Dubai , I was 28 weeks pregnant . You ca n't fly after that without a doctor 's note . We had left it until the last minute and , by the time we arrived , both of us were ready to relax . I 'd been to Dubai once before as a swimmer , when we stayed in an apartment . This was completely different - and utterly amazing . The Anantara is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else . Because it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the Maldives , but when we went to the Australian themed restaurant , I imagined I was back in the jungle on I 'm A Celebrity -- even though there were n't any luxuries in that jungle . You have to see Dubai to believe it . Everything is so clean , luxurious and new -- even the main tourist areas . And everywhere hotels are being built . We kept asking ourselves how they will all survive , but somehow they will . Our room was on the lagoon , which meant we had direct access to the water . We tended to spend a couple of hours in the morning by the main pool , then , after lunch , we retreated to our gorgeous room , where we had sun beds on the balcony . Harry is doing a graphic design course back home and so he spent some time each day on his studies . By 4 pm , it gets hazy in Dubai . Some days we went for a wander around the whole resort , which is about two miles round but it is cleverly laid out . It never felt crowded . Jump in : The Anantara has three turquoise-blue ` lagoons ' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels . We had a lot of time to think and to discuss what name we should give our baby . We always wanted to know what to expect -- we 're having a girl -- because we are both impatient people and are keen to plan ahead , but we ca n't agree on a name . Naming something before you see it is strange and it 's vital that her first name goes with her last , which will be Harry 's name , Needs . We want a name that wo n't sound as if she is ` Needy ' , if you see what I mean . One day , we went out on a boat and I hoped to see David Beckham 's house , but no one seemed sure where it was exactly . But what we did see were some of the most expensive properties ever . There 's a lot of money splashing around in this part of the world . We also made a trip to the famous Dubai Mall , which is bigger than a football stadium -- or so it seems . And guess what ? We bought our not-born-yet baby her first swimsuit . It has a French look to it , with jaunty stripes . My plan is to take her swimming as soon as I can . It 's something we will always be able to do together . Retail therapy : Rebecca Adlington did a spot of shopping at the famous -LRB- and enormous -RRB- Dubai Mall . More importantly , I regard swimming as a valuable life skill and I was surprised to see at the hotel that some children had never learned . That 's why I 've started Becky Adlington Swim Stars for three to 11-year-olds . Already we have 17 venues taking part and 3,500 children are learning to swim with us . There were lots of British people in the hotel and they were all very friendly . It never bothers me if someone wants to come up and have a chat or have a photograph taken . Athletes are different to film stars in that people see us as we are , not playing a particular role . And we are used to having a microphone shoved in our faces immediately after we have competed . It teaches you to be natural . One thing I enjoyed at The Anantara was looking at all the baby equipment people have . It started to give me ideas . I was also pleased to see how kind everyone was to the children . The staff went out of their way to be helpful . This is a real family resort . Paradise pictured : The Anantara offers over-the-water villas which provide the perfect sea view . After I retired from competitive swimming at the age of 23 , I did n't go near a pool for six months . Then I started to swim again as a way to keep fit and I still love it . I love the feeling of being weightless and this is especially welcome when you 're pregnant . Harry and I went to the gym a few times at the hotel and I did a bit of this and that , but I am not used to high-impact sport . A gym is difficult on my knees . There is not the tiniest bit of me that ever wants to compete again . As an athlete , I was so focused and driven and I left the sport knowing that I could not have given more of myself . All that training was really tough , but I chose to do it . Flashback : Rebecca survived daunting trials when she appeared on I 'm A Celebrity ... in 2013 . Now , I have a chance to get on with the rest of my life and I 'm excited about that , too . It gives me an opportunity to try new things -- like coming to Dubai with Harry and spending most of the time lying around . In the Australian restaurant , an Arab man came up to me and said he recognised me . ` You 'll feel at home in this restaurant , then ? ' he said . ` Why ? ' I said . ` I 'm not Australian . ' ` Because you were on that programme in the jungle , ' he said , without mentioning my swimming . I am so pleased to have done I 'm A Celebrity . It helped me find my feet and I 've always loved Ant and Dec. . But it was scary not knowing what would happen and suddenly finding myself with 11 strangers . What 's for sure is that it really made me appreciate a holiday like the one in Dubai . Jasmine Holidays -LRB- 0333 7000 747 , www.jasmineholidays.co.uk -RRB- offers seven nights ' stay at the Dubai Palm , Anantara on a half-board basis - from £ 1,150 per person , based on two adults sharing , including flights and transfers . Daily Mail readers receive a £ 100 discount when quoting ref DM2015 .