A glamour model who showcases her curves in glossy magazines around the world has a new thrill-inducing hobby - freestyle skydiving . Anais Zanotti , 30 , who lives in Miami , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her . Now the brunette , who has modelled for Playboy , GQ , Esquire and Maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane , thousands of feet in the air . Scroll down for video . Anais Zanotti strikes a pose , combining her two jobs : bikini modelling and skydiving . The St Tropez-born model moved to the US to become a glossy magazine bikini model . The French-born model , who has skydived more than 1,350 times , said : ` I love the freedom once you leave the plane - your brain stops thinking . ` If I am having a bad day at work I just forget about it when I open my parachute . ` I am so happy I scream - it 's such a thrill . ` I have always loved extreme sports and when I was in France I had a motorcycle . ` One of my friends suggested I try skydiving and when ten of us went I was the only one who said I was coming back , I became obsessed . ` I watched videos , bought a suit , had a dream about it and when I woke up I called for lessons to learn to skydive properly . ' She has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor , teaching other amateur junkies . Anais admits to loving the moment she leaves the plane , saying : ` Your brain stops thinking ' Anais , who has posed for Playboy , also models bikinis for magazines like GQ . Her passion for jumping out of planes has transformed her social life too . She said : ` In the past I used to go out on evenings and spend the weekend at the beach - now I get up early and go skydiving . ' Anais , from Saint-Tropez , France , started modelling aged 16 when a photographer for a local magazine spotted her and asked for a shoot . From there her career boomed and she left for the US eight years ago to follow her dream of becoming an international model . Anais , who posts workout and bikini snaps on Instagram , moved to the US to become an international model . The pro-skydiver now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes safely . Anais , who is a successful swimsuit and fitness model , says she 's also been to acting school . She added : ` I was working around Paris and in Italy but moved because I wanted to go to the US and do something bigger . ` I started acting school to help me learn English and was modelling - I did a commercial for Monster and did n't stop working . ` Now I do swimsuit , fitness and fashion work and have been very lucky to work for the biggest publications in the world . ' She also has a sizeable social media profile with 113,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her combination of bikini snaps and shots of her training in a wind tunnel , or jumping out of a plane . The French-born stunner combines her two careers of swimsuit modelling and dangerous skydiving .