Computers may soon be able to transmit the complexities of human personalities , the Stanford professor who originally set up Google 's X laboratory has claimed . Sebastian Thrun , who founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars , said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . But he said that , much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers , the same may soon be true for full personalities . Scroll down for video . Sebastian Thrun -LRB- R -RRB- , the founder of the Google X research library , looks on as virtual reality pioneer Jaron Lanier speaks at a symposium at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California on April 2 , 2015 . ` Perhaps we can get to the point where we can outsource our own personal experiences entirely into a computer - and possibly our own personality . ` Maybe we 're going to have a demo at some point where the computer runs ` Sebastian , '' he told a symposium Thursday evening at Stanford University . ` It 's maybe unimaginable but it 's not as far off as people think . It 's very doable , ' said the German-born computer scientist , who remains a fellow at Google . ` I do believe that in all these technologies we have just scratched the surface . ` Almost everything interesting has n't been invented yet , ' he said . Other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars , computers that are implantable into the human body , and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths . Thrun was speaking as part of events to mark the premiere of ` The Demo , ' an experimental opera about the 1968 data transmission test by scientist Doug Engelbart that helped pave the way for the creation of the Internet . But Jaron Lanier , a virtual reality pioneer known for his books on the philosophy of computers , doubted that scientists could ascertain how to share personalities . ` You are a moving target , and the way you change yourself in response to the presence of that technology would undo any ability to measure whether it has succeeded , ' he said . The California giant 's patent says that one day a robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ` a deceased loved one , ' or ` a celebrity . ' Above it Atlas , which according to Google-owned Boston Dynamics , is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . According to Google owned Boston Dynamics , Atlas is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . ` Atlas can walk bipedally leaving the upper limbs free to lift , carry , and manipulate the environment . ` In extremely challenging terrain , Atlas is strong and coordinated enough to climb using hands and feet , to pick its way through congested spaces . ' Lanier warned that Silicon Valley puts too much faith in technology 's progress . ` I think we are going to have a real struggle to define ourselves in a humane and sweet way as we go through a lot of changes , ' he said . He warned that technological innovations risked worsening inequality , saying : ` I do n't think the interests of entrepreneurs and everyone else are always aligned . ' He gave the example of Egypt , saying that Silicon Valley was too congratulatory about the role of social media in the 2011 revolution that brought down strongman Hosni Mubarak . ` When it starts to go wrong , we do n't take responsibility for that . ` There is a way in which we are being a little selective in tallying our victories , ' he said . Google has already developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online . The system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user . The patent says that the personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ` a deceased loved one , ' or ` a celebrity , ' Google 's patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot , in the same way one might download an app . ` The robot personality may also be modifiable within a base personality construct -LRB- i.e. , a default-persona -RRB- to provide states or moods representing transitory conditions of happiness , fear , surprise , perplexion -LRB- e.g. , the Woody Allen robot -RRB- , thoughtfulness , derision -LRB- e.g. , the Rodney Dangerfield robot -RRB- , and so forth , ' states the patent . Friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality . ` The personality and state may be shared with other robots so as to clone this robot within another device or devices . ` In this manner , a user may travel to another city , and download within a robot in that city -LRB- another ` skin ' -RRB- the personality and state matching the user 's ` home location ' robot . ` The robot personality thereby becomes transportable or transferable . ' The firm also explains ` This disclosure relates to a robot imbued with a personality , or personalities . Google 's patent drawings reveal the system can share personalities and download them . ` In particular , but without limitation , the disclosure provides for a robot that operates with personality attributes and related capabilities drawn from cloud computing capacities . ` Personality may be thought of as personification in the sense of human characteristics or qualities attributed to a non-human thing . ` A robot can be programmed to provide a desired look as well as interactability for the robot , which may be subject to change by the user or by the robot itself , such that the robot interface is customized to provide a desired personality for the robot . ' Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology , including Atlas , 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk , run , jump and even open doors . This is latest version of the Atlas robot created by Boston Dynamics , a Google-owned robot firm . Later this year , seven of the robots will compete in a ` robo oylmpics ' - designed to recreate natural disasters the robots could one day be sent into . The upgraded Atlas is 75 percent new -- only the lower legs and feet were carried over from the original design . The ` crane ' stance , being held by Karate Kid Daniel LaRusso -LRB- played by Ralph Maccio left -RRB- in the 1984 film inspired the latest movements of the Atlas robot . It demonstrates strong balancing skills and composure and showcases the agility of the Google-owned machine , said the firm .