A counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in £ 10million by selling fake Viagra while pretending to be a fishing tackle business . Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a ` highly organised , large-scale criminal enterprise ' which risked the health of members of the public , as he sentenced the gang at the Old Bailey . The UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world . This was a ` sophisticated and carefully planned ' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex , the judge said . A counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in £ 10million by selling fake Viagra . Neil Gilbert -LRB- pictured left -RRB- was jailed for six years and Catherine Laverick -LRB- right -RRB- was sentenced to three years and 10 months . He said the ` the real mischief is the catastrophic damage that could be caused ' to the public , noting that genuine drug companies had pointed out that acid , brick dust and road paint had been found in fake Viagra . One group based in southern England was headed by Neil Gilbert , 42 , who made up to £ 60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers . The northern branch was led by Thailand-based Stephen Laverick , but his ex-wife Catherine Laverick , 47 , was in charge of day-to-day operations in the UK . And their family members and friends were recruited to assist with the massive criminal enterprise . The court heard the conspiracy lasted eight years from 2004 and continued even after the gang were arrested in September 2011 following an investigation by the drugs regulatory body , MHRA . They had used a series of ` front ' companies claiming to sell jewellery , fishing tackle and cosmetics to accept the electronic payments . Proceeds were then laundered through more than 100 bank accounts both in the UK and abroad . The gang offered fake Viagra pills to unsuspecting customers around the world . File photo . Huge sums of money were transferred between the conspirators , sent offshore or , were withdrawn in cash in the UK or abroad . The money laundered or obtained through fraud by all of the defendants totalled £ 8,444,896 . Prosecutor Gillian Jones said : ` This case is not about wanting to distribute good medicines cheaply , but rather the motivation was greed , with an utter disregard for patient safety . ` The medicines that were seized which were purported to be Viagra and Valium in fact turned out to be counterfeit , ' the prosecutor said . ` This was big business . The proceeds of the supply of these medicines via websites which have been traced to various merchant facilities is in excess of £ 10 million - that is not the real figure . ` Not all bank accounts have been identified . Some are abroad and have n't been traced properly and some medicines were paid for in cash . ' An audit kept by Gilbert revealed that the gang received £ 60,000 a week from the sale of unlicensed medicines during 2011 alone - a turnover of more than £ 3million . The money was transferred into bank accounts held by members of the conspiracy or their relatives before being withdrawn in cash or used to sustain the business , the court heard . Miss Jones added : ` There is no doubt a conspiracy to sell these unlicensed medicines existed . They had to set up and maintain websites through which medicines were sold , rent storage units and packing centres . ` Offices were rented , stationary and packaging purchased , mail boxes rented to which customers posted cash and merchant banking facilities to allow payments by cards . ` They purported to be trading fishing tackle , cosmetics or jewellery but they were just a front to hide the real merchandise which was unlicensed medicines . Seth Pennington -LRB- pictured outside the Old Bailey -RRB- who was described as Gilbert 's right-hand man and carried out the day-to-day operations under the directions of his boss , was jailed for five years . Kristina Sofoulakis -LRB- left -RRB- was jailed for two-and-a-half years and Mark Bristow -LRB- right -RRB- was jailed for four years . ` As demand for the products grew the customer database widened to countries in Europe including Sweden , France and Germany . ' When banks started raising concerns about the nature of the business , the gang opened accounts offshore in Belize and Panama where fewer questions were asked . Gilbert , of Ovingdean , Brighton pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines , two counts of money laundering , possession of counterfeit Valium and possession of counterfeit Viagra . He was jailed for a total of six years at the Old Bailey . His partner Kristina Sofoulakis , also of Ovingdean , Brighton , admitted conspiracy to supply medicines and money laundering in the UK and offshore . She was jailed for two-and-a-half years . She had worked as a book keeper , monitoring orders and payments . Sarah Laverick -LRB- pictured -RRB- was handed a 16-month jail term , suspended for two years and was ordered to carry out 200 hours ' unpaid work . Catherine Laverick , of Ulceby , South Humberside , admitted conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and money laundering in the UK and abroad . She was jailed for three years and 10 months . Her son , Thomas Laverick , was spared jail after being given a 14-month sentence , suspended for two years . He set up the fake company ` Shore Catch ' to buy medicines and launder money . His sister Sarah Laverick was handed a 16-month jail term , which was also suspended for two years . She was ordered to carry out 200 hours ' unpaid work . She pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering . The 26-year-old set up the fake fishing tackle company to help with buying medicines and laundered money through numerous bank accounts . Hugh Adair -LRB- left -RRB- was given a 12-month jail term , suspended for two years and Donna Denton -LRB- right -RRB- was sentenced to eight months , suspended for 18 months . Catherine Laverick 's former partner Hugh Adair was given a 12-month jail term , suspended for two years and ordered to carry out 200 hours ' unpaid work . Adair , 37 , of Brighton , helped with the day-to-day running as well as facilitating payment for the purchase of medicines . He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and fraud . Seth Pennington , 42 , who was described as Gilbert 's right-hand man and carried out the day-to-day operations under the directions of his boss , was jailed for five years . Pennington , of Brighton , admitted conspiracy to sell or supply unlicensed medicines , selling or distributing counterfeit goods -LRB- Viagra -RRB- , two counts of money laundering , one of possession of counterfeit goods purporting to be Valium and one count of possession of a medicinal product -LRB- Kamagra -RRB- without marketing authorisation . Daniel Nilsen -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to four months imprisonment , suspended for a year and Lee Pettit -LRB- right -RRB- was sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for a year . Mark Bristow , 45 , acted as the middle man between the northern and southern parts of the enterprise , liasing directly with Catherine Laverick and Gilbert . Bristow pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines , selling or distributing counterfeit Viagra and money laundering . He was jailed for four years . Darrell Jacob , 38 , provided banking facilities to receive customer payments for unlicensed medicines through front companies DJ Cosmetics and DJ Casuals . Donna Denton , 40 , of Grimsby , set up a Cardnet facility , which she falsely claimed was for the sale of jewellery . She pleaded guilty to fraud and was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for 18 months and given a three-month curfew requiring her to stay at home between 7 pm and 6 am . Daniel Nilsen , 26 , set up a Cardnet facility , which he falsely claimed was for the sale of fishing tackle by mail-order . Nilsen , of Grimsby , pleaded guilty to fraud and was sentenced to four months imprisonment , suspended for a year . Lee Pettit , 36 , of Brighton , was not directly involved in the sale of pills , but was involved in opening bank accounts and money laundering . Darrell Jacob -LRB- pictured left with Lee Pettit -RRB- will be sentenced on May 29 after admitting two counts of conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and money laundering . He pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply and two counts of fraud and was sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for a year . Darrell Jacob , of East Sussex , admitted two counts of conspiracy to supply unlicensed medicines and money laundering . He will be sentenced at a hearing on May 29 . Judge Charles Wide QC , sentencing , said : ` This case concerns a highly organised , large scale criminal enterprise to sell unlicensed and counterfeit medicines and to launder the illegal profits of that enterprise . ` The regulatory regime concerning the products sold during this criminal enterprise exists for the whole purpose of protecting the public . ' The judge said the use of counterfeit Viagra and Valium could cause ` serious harm ' if taken by unwitting customers . A statement , read out in court , from Viagra manufacturer Pfizer said counterfeit pills have been found to contain toxic material including brick . Judge Wide added : ` There is no direct evidence of such harm , but that is no thanks to any great care taken in its execution . ` Each of you was involved to line your own pockets or help others line their pockets with an absolute disregard for public safety . '