Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow the gap to Under 21 league leaders Manchester United after playing out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park . Spurs went into the game at Staines Town sitting sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with the Red Devils , while the defending champions were only three points behind the north London outfit . Both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points , with Spurs looking more likely to break the deadlock in the second half following a first period dominated by Chelsea . Ruben Loftus-Cheek played for Chelsea Under 21s having already starred in the Champions League this term . CHELSEA -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Beeney , Dabo , Aina , Clarke-Salter , Dasilva , Colkett , Houghton , Loftus-Cheek -LRB- Boga 37 -RRB- , Brown , Solanke -LRB- Abraham 82 -RRB- , Mitchell -LRB- Musonda 67 -RRB- . Subs not used : Collins , Palmer . TOTTENHAM -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : McGee , Yedlin , McQueen , Amos , Lesniak , Carter-Vickers , McEvoy , Winks , Akindayini , Ceballos -LRB- Walker-Peters 69 -RRB- , Miller . Subs not used : Loft , Ross , Miles . Mitchell Beeney fumbled a low 20-yard attempt from Cristian Ceballos , but the Chelsea stopper was fortunate to see the ball roll through his legs and back off the post before gathering . Chelsea could have scored a dramatic winner in injury time but Luke McGee made a superb double stop to deny an Izzy Brown header , before quickly recovering to stop Tammy Abraham from close range on the follow up . The result saw Spurs climb to third behind United and Liverpool while the Blues remain eighth . Despite the lack of goals , Spurs Under 21 boss Ugo Ehiogu will be encouraged by his side 's display with USA international DeAndre Yedlin impressing at right-back , especially in the second half with a lively attacking display . The Blues started talented prospect Ruben Loftus-Cheek , but the midfielder was forced off injured after just 37 minutes with a knock . DeAndre Yedlin is already a senior international for the United States and impressed at right-back for Spurs .