Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the British Championships to ensure qualification for the World Championships this summer . O'Connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the World Championships qualification mark of 2:10:20 . Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30 . Siobhan-Marie O'Connor celebrates with second-placed Hannah Miley -LRB- left -RRB- and third-placed Aimee Willmott . O'Connor , who is the reigning Commonwealth champion , was short of her 2:08.21 personal best - a British record - but said making the team for Russia was her main focus . ` I 'm chuffed , the -LRB- qualifying -RRB- times are a massive challenge but it means everyone has to step up and race world class times , ' O'Connor said . ` I 'm really just happy to have made the team . It was really tough . I 'm happy with that time , I just wanted to go under 2.10 . ` I would have ideally liked to have been closer to my personal best but sometimes you 're not on your best form . To get the qualifying time was my main aim . ' O'Connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year . The performance of O'Connor , who won 100m freestyle gold on Tuesday , is particularly impressive considering the heavy disruptions to her winter training programme . The pool at the University of Bath , where the 19-year-old has trained for most of her career , has been closed for six months renovation meaning she and her group have been forced to relocate 32 miles away at Millfield School . ` It has been hard over the last six months , ' O'Connor added . ` It has been a challenge but everyone has challenges in sport . ` It 's just something we have to deal with . It could n't have been any better and I 'm proud to have adapted to it . ` It 's definitely been tough , we 've all felt that . Our pool is open in Bath after this though so I 'm looking forward to getting back there and getting some consistency again . ' The 19-year-old claimed two titles despite heavy disruptions to her winter training programme . Jazz Carlin followed up her success in the 400m freestyle on Wednesday with a dominant performance in the 800m freestyle to win another gold medal . Carlin clocked 8:21:58 which was enough to seal the title but she missed the World Championships qualifying time of 8:21:22 . The Commonwealth and European champion is still likely to race the 800m in Russia , after finishing more than 10 seconds clear of Jessica Thielmann -LRB- 8:32:19 -RRB- in second and Camilla Hattersley in third -LRB- 8:37:99 -RRB- . ` I 'm not too disappointed to miss the qualifying time , ' Carlin said . ` For myself I would have liked to have gone quicker but to make the worlds qualifying time yesterday I 'm sure I 'll get to swim the event there . ` It felt a bit tough tonight , I did n't really get into it , I felt a bit heavy in my stroke but that happens . ' Elizabeth Simmonds won the women 's 100m backstroke , registering 1:00:03 , while Craig McNally took gold in the men 's 200m backstroke with a time of 1:57:58 and Stephen Milne clinched the men 's 1500m freestyle title in 14:58:25 .