For a young man who has spent his career under the radar , the scene outside the Riverside Stadium on Monday night was symbolic . James Ward-Prowse had just led England Under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory over Germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move . That should have guaranteed he would be besieged by well-wishers on his way to the team bus but , on this occasion , serenity reigned . ` I enjoy signing autographs and giving something back to the fans , ' said Ward-Prowse with a smile , ` but it was dead ! There was n't a soul around ! It was wet and windy , so everyone decided to go home . ' James Ward-Prowse is beginning to get noticed after starring displays for England U 21s and Southampton . The Saints rising star was speaking in an interview with Sportsmail 's Dominic King -LRB- left -RRB- . Ward-Prowse poses with the ball outside of Southampton 's impressive Marchwood training ground . The quiet life suits Ward-Prowse . He started at Southampton trying not to be noticed -- he and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain used to travel on the same train from Portsmouth to the academy hiding their club tracksuits -- and has been happy making progress away from the public gaze . The thing is , though , his situation is beginning to change . More and more people are becoming aware of this talented young midfielder who can bend free-kicks like David Beckham , but he is now ready for the journey to begin . From the moment he sits down at Southampton 's Marchwood training ground , the impressive facility on the edge of the New Forest , it is clear that the buzz he got from sinking Germany has not yet subsided . ` I could n't sleep afterwards , ' said Ward-Prowse . ` I was up until 4 am . The rush of adrenaline was unbelievable . I just kept running through the goal in my mind and the celebration with the lads . I was lying down but I just could n't shut my eyes . ` I decided to stay up in Middlesbrough as I thought I would get a good sleep before flying back down here but there was no chance of that . As soon as I saw the goal had been tweeted I was watching it and reliving it . It was surreal , something every kid dreams of doing . ' Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s memorable 3-2 victory over Germany . The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match . Ward-Prowse celebrates after scoring a stunning free-kick against Brazil in Toulon last year . Not every kid , however , gets the chance to live out their dreams . Ward-Prowse , now 20 , is one of five children and grew up a Portsmouth fan until Southampton 's scouts spotted him when he was eight . His father , John , is a barrister but young James had only one ambition . ` When I was little I 'd kick balloons or socks around , ' said Ward-Prowse , whose Saints debut came as a 16-year-old against Crystal Palace in the League Cup in 2011 . ` Dad took me to football but there was never any sense I would follow him . ` I was taken to my first game at Fratton Park . I was so tiny I just remember sitting on dad 's knee eating sweets ! But I made the decision -LRB- to switch allegiances -RRB- based on my career . I knew this was the right place to be . I 'm at a club that trusts you to go out and play . ' His progress has been consistently striking and those who have worked with Ward-Prowse all say the same : he is a professional in every sense , someone who wants to squeeze every last drop out of his ability by doing everything right . ` The club has changed a lot since I 've been here but nothing changed for me personally , ' he said . ` I never want to have regrets . I aim to make sure I have given it my all and that I become the best I can be . ' The former Portsmouth fan makes his debut for Southampton in 2011 Carling Cup match against Palace . The talented midfielder has earned a reputation as a free-kick specialist at St Mary 's . Saints boss Ronald Koeman , who could take a mean free-kick himself , has given Ward-Prowse some tips . That involves relentless practice , particularly with set-pieces . Former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino saw Ward-Prowse 's potential in that area and last summer , representing England in the Toulon Tournament , he scored a free-kick against Brazil that a Brazilian would have been proud of . He has continued to hone his technique at Marchwood and there have been pointers from current manager Ronald Koeman , a man who knows all about producing a telling free-kick when needed . ` As soon as he was appointed I looked for his goals on YouTube , ' said Ward-Prowse . ` He could strike a free-kick , could n't he ? He gives advice on where to put the ball and the mind games you can play with the keeper . ` I take a bag of balls out on my own . I wo n't hit too many as I do n't want muscle fatigue but I read about Steven Gerrard and David Beckham hitting free-kicks after training and that is what I do . They were my childhood heroes . ` I have tried to follow in their footsteps because that is the level that I want to reach . I put a bib in the corner of the net and try to hit it . My accuracy is n't too bad . If you are taking 10 , you want to be hitting the bib six or seven times . ` I used to watch all Beckham 's goals on YouTube . There are bits of his technique which I have tried to implement . I also think he is a top role model . I have n't met him but I 'd love to get some advice from him . He is a fantastic guy . ` I got Gerrard 's shirt . I 've met him but never had a proper chat . Being up against him on the opening day , I was thinking , `` Wow -- it 's Steven Gerrard , my boyhood idol '' . Those two are tremendous characters , men I will always admire . ' Ward-Prowse 's long-term ambition is to emulate his heroes by captaining England but he also realises that becoming firmly established at Southampton and helping England at this summer 's European Under-21 Championship are the first peaks to conquer . Ward-Prowse practises his free-kicks diligently in the hope of reaching the standard of David Beckham . Beckham takes one of his trademark free-kicks for England against Northern Ireland . The Southampton youngster battles for the ball against childhood idol and Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard . At Marchwood it is impossible to escape the feeling that Southampton are going to be in the top flight for some time and the same could be said about Ward-Prowse , who returned from a broken foot earlier this season to sign a five-year deal . ` It showed the faith the club have in me but also the faith I have in the club , ' he said . ` They have put a lot of time and effort into making sure I am the person and player I am today . I want to pay that back . It 's a great club to be at . ' With the interview over , a few photographs are required and as the shots are being taken , an eagle-eyed coach has spotted what is going on . ` F ****** hell , Prowesy ! ' comes a shout . ` Scored a goal have you ?! ' Ward-Prowse joins in the laughter but moments like this show that he will not be able to hide under the radar for much longer .