Daredevil tourists have a new place to get their kicks after one of the world 's most thrilling -- or terrifying -- attractions officially opened in China this week . The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5 ft from the edge of a cliff , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350 ft below their feet . With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world , beating Arizona 's Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4 ft. Scroll down for video . The horseshoe-shaped walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5 ft from a cliff edge , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air . Models stand on the glass walkway - which extends over the valley floor 2,350 ft below - during the official opening . With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world . Located in the Longgang National Geological Park in south-west China , the bridge has been named Yuanduan , meaning ` at the end of the clouds ' . It can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once , with each one paying an admission fee of 60 Chinese yuan -LRB- approximately £ 6.30 or $ 9.60 -RRB- to spend 30 minutes on the see-through floor . But the park is limiting it to just 30 people at a time to ensure they have plenty of room to enjoy views that can be terrifying to those who are afraid of heights . Located in the Longgang National Geological Park , the bridge has been named Yuanduan , meaning ` at the end of the clouds ' The park is limiting it to just 30 people at a time to ensure visitors have plenty of room to enjoy the view . The bridge can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once , who each pay an admission fee of 60 yuan -LRB- approximately £ 6.30 or $ 9.60 -RRB- . Officials said the bridge was designed to withstand an 8.0-magnitude earthquake and level 14 typhoon , China Radio International reported . Chinese media said the £ 3.7 million -LRB- $ 5.6 million -RRB- bridge opened ahead of schedule after construction began in March 2014 . While it may have fallen to No 2 in the world , the Grand Canyon Skywalk is still one of the world 's most thrilling experiences . The transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge -- which opened in 2007 on land belonging to the Hualapai Indian tribe -- is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor of the Grand Canyon . Officials said the bridge was designed to withstand an 8.0-magnitude earthquake and level 14 typhoon . Chinese media said the £ 3.7 million -LRB- $ 5.6 million -RRB- bridge opened ahead of schedule after construction began in March 2014 .