An ancient Buddhist meditation practice could be as effective as modern drugs at beating depression , new research suggests . A study published in The Lancetfound mindfulness-based cognitive therapy -LRB- MBCT -RRB- led to similar outcomes as antidepressants when treating the mental disorder . Mindfulness - which teaches people to focus on the present moment -- is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation . Scroll down for video . Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy -LRB- MBCT -RRB- , which teaches people to focus on the present moment , has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants , a study found . Researchers found patients on a MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants . Over two years , relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group compared to 47 per cent in the medication group . This suggests it offers an ` alternative treatment ' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs , said the researchers . A course of MBCT treatment typically lasts for eight weeks and mainly relies on meditation but also includes cognitive behaviour therapy and yoga . It 's designed to help the patient develop a healthier , more accepting relationship with their thoughts and feelings . Professor Richard Byng , of the Plymouth University Peninsula Schools of Medicine and Dentistry , said : ` Currently , maintenance antidepressant medication is the key treatment for preventing relapse , reducing the likelihood of relapse or recurrence by up to two-thirds when taken correctly . ` However , there are many people who - for a number of different reasons - are unable to keep on a course of medication for depression . ` Moreover , many people do not wish to remain on medication for indefinite periods , or can not tolerate its side effects . ' The first study of its kind discovered MBCT is n't more effective than antidepressants but could offer similar protection - with no significant difference in cost . Inspired by ancient Buddhist meditation , mindfulness courses were developed in the late 1970s by US doctors to combat stress . The guiding principle is to live more ` in the moment ' , spending less time going over past stresses and worrying about future problems . Techniques include moving the focus of attention around the body and observing sensations that arise -- the so-called ` body scan ' . A secular practice , it is said to help people recognise and overcome negative thoughts while noticing small pleasures . Professor Willem Kuyken , of Oxford University , said : ` Depression is a recurrent disorder . ` Without ongoing treatment as many as four out of five people with depression relapse at some point . ' MBCT was developed to help people who have experienced repeated bouts of depression by teaching them the skills to recognise and respond constructively to the thoughts and feelings associated with relapse - thereby preventing a downward spiral . In the study , 424 adults with recurrent major depression were split into two group at random - half remaining on antidepressants and the others coming off and receiving MBCT . The latter group attended eight group sessions lasting two-and-a-quarter hours and were given daily home practice . Afterwards they had the option of attending four follow up sessions over a 12 month period . The MBCT course consists of guided mindfulness practices , group discussion and other cognitive behavioural exercises . Those in the maintenance antidepressant group continued their medication for two years . All trial participants were assessed at regular intervals over two years for a major depressive episode using a psychiatric diagnostic interview tool . Although five adverse events were reported - including two deaths - across both groups they were not judged to be attributable to the interventions or the trial . Professor Sarah Byford , of King 's College London , said : ` As a group intervention mindfulness-based cognitive therapy was relatively low cost compared to therapies provided on an individual basis . As many as four out of five people with depression relapse at some point , experts said . An MBCT course could be offered as an alternative to drugs . ` In terms of the cost of all health and social care services used by participants during the study - we found no significant difference between the two treatments . ' Professor Kuyken added that although the MBCT doid not work any better than anti-depressants , the results suggest a ` new choice ' for the millions of people with recurrent depression on repeat prescriptions . Study participant Nigel Reed , of Sidmouth in Devon , said : ` Mindfulness gives me a set of skills which I use to keep well in the long term . ` Rather than relying on the continuing use of antidepressants mindfulness puts me in charge , allowing me to take control of my own future , to spot when I am at risk and to make the changes I need to stay well . ' Professor Roger Mulder , of Otago University in New Zealand who reviewed the study for then journal , said : ` Because it 's a group treatment that reduces costs and the number of trained staff needed it might be feasible to offer MBCT as a choice to patients in general practice . ` We therefore have a promising new treatment that is reasonably cost effective and applicable to the large group of patients with recurrent depression . '