A leading bank official has been fired after being exposed as a Nazi-themed dominatrix . The 46-year-old had worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years . However , for the past six of them , she has also been offering her sexual services at more than £ 300 an hour . Identified only by her ` professional ' name , Conchita van der Waal , she asked clients for requests , saying ` the kinkier the better ' . Conchita van der Waal , pictured , offered a range of ` kinky ' sexual services to clients from € 450 an hour . Van der Waal 's website , which has been taken offline , shows a range of provocative images , including one of her wearing an SS cap . She advises prospective clients : ` I have a challenging career in international finance . It takes me to many places -LRB- mainly western Europe and America -RRB- . ` Business meetings , elegant suits , lace stockings , garter belts , hold-ups , stiletto heels . If only my colleagues , clients or boss knew that at night I enjoy my hobby of being a hooker . ' Her online advert advises that she is a native Dutch blonde who is a ` high-class nymphomaniac and prostitute ' . She describes her greatest passion as ` raunchy kinky sex with wild strangers and naughty men ' . Quote , a Dutch magazine , reported that van der Waal had a ` supervisory ' role at her country 's central bank while specialising in sadomasochism in her spare time . After the magazine broke the story , the bank confirmed it had fired her over ` integrity issues ' . Prostitution in Holland is legal although workers at the Dutch central bank are not allowed to engage in any activities which could bring the institution into disrepute , such as ` indecent behaviour ' . Van der Waal hinted at her real professional life on her website which has since been removed from the web . The Dutch Central Bank , pictured , told a magazine that van der Waal had been fired over ` integrity issues ' It is claimed that van der Waal previously worked with ABN-AMRO , a state-owned bank based in Amsterdam . She is also understood to have worked for Dutch bank ING , which was fined £ 417million in 2012 for violating US economic sanctions . It is not clear when she was employed by either institution . According to her website , van der Waal 's work outside the financial sector was far more exciting . A picture from one of her online adverts shows the blonde sex worker sprawled across a zebra-print double bed . She wears a revealing leopard-print dress , surrounded by lit candles , champagne flutes and an ice bucket . The picture and the online advert vanished from the internet soon after her identity was exposed . But the images were captured and reproduced by Quote magazine before they were taken down . According to the Irish Times , van der Waal could face further action from Dutch authorities because she failed to register officially as a prostitute or abide by tax rules . Sex workers in the Netherlands must ensure they have a VAT number and pay income tax , none of which the woman has reportedly done so far . And she may also face difficulties because her ` s & m studio ' is reportedly in a building where ` immoral ' behaviour is specifically outlawed under the terms of the contract under which it was bought in 2012 . Following the revelations , the Dutch central bank said it would review screening procedures for new employees . It said that of the 5,469 prospective staff who had been screened since 2011 , 614 had been rejected . But the firm has been criticised by some in the Netherlands for treating the woman unfairly by firing her . Prostitution in the country was legalised in 2000 in order to protect women through better regulation and employment rights .