Gary Neville believes Manchester United face their toughest test of the season when they visit Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday - but feels their current form means they can beat anyone . Louis van Gaal 's side have beaten Tottenham , Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks to enhance their chances of finishing in the top four and changing what looked like a difficult first campaign for the Dutchman into a relatively successful one . After a memorable 4-2 win over local rivals and reigning champions City on Sunday , United face a stern examination at Stamford Bridge . Gary Neville believes Manchester United have a good chance of beating Chelsea with the form they 're in . Neville knows United have played well in recent weeks but admits Van Gaal 's system and squad will be pushed to the limit against a Chelsea side looking to move one step closer to the title . ` The tests have been Liverpool and City , ' he told Press Association Sport . ` This is another test . They have proven themselves , but this is the best team in the country and to go to Stamford Bridge is the toughest test . Louis van Gaal 's side have performed admirably this season and are all but guaranteed Champions League . ` The performances from United in the past month have been absolutely outstanding in any season . ` Forget the fact that in this season they are not going to win the league , in any season the level of performance they have shown in this last month has been of a hard standard . ' After a stuttering start to his reign , Van Gaal has answered his critics by finding a formation that suits the players at his disposal and Neville reckons a top-four place is all but sewn up . United dispatched of Manchester City on Sunday as they extended their league lead over their rivals . ` We were always very fixed in our formation , ' the England coach said of his time at Old Trafford . ` Louis van Gaal through necessity has had to change his formation to get different people in at different times . In the last four weeks he has settled into a 4-3-3 . It has worked really well and the players looked comfortable in the system . ` He said at the start of the season that his team would get better , they always get better and he has stuck to his word . He said they would be in the Champions League and I think he will be correct . '