Britain could face another devastating economic crash unless more jobs are created outside the M25 , David Cameron warned today . The Conservative leader set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East to prevent a ` reckless ' economy booming in the capital . He said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ` on the screens of the traders in the City of London ' . Tory leader David Cameron says that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ` on the screens of the traders in the City of London ' Chancellor George Osborne joined Mr Cameron to launch a North West manifesto at a train depot in Crewe . Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 , and the Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020 . Mr Cameron used a speech in Crewer to insist that the economy is the key issue in the general election . ` I 'm clear -- our economy is n't just about the nation 's statistics , it 's about the nation 's families . ` It 's about the job you do , the chances your children have , the funding we have for our NHS and schools , the hope we have for our future -- everything . ' He warns that as well as securing growth , he wants to rebalance the economy to ensure that ` success is felt from North , to South , to East , to West ' . Mr Cameron said : ` I did n't come into this to create some reckless , booming economy just within the M25 . ` That 's what we had before . In Labour 's Britain , where for every ten private sector jobs created in the South , just one was created in the North and the Midlands . ` In Labour 's Britain , where the whole weight of our economy rested on massive public borrowing , unsustainable financial services , out-of-control immigration ... a house of cards -- ready to be blown away should any crisis hit . ' The Conservatives are pledging to ` back business to create 2 million new jobs ' , Mr Cameron said . Mr Cameron added : ` This is my goal -- that more than 60 per cent of these will be outside London and the South East . That is what we 've done in the last Parliament . ` Because my vision has always been of a truly balanced economy , one built to last , one which is seen not just on the screens of the traders in the City of London . ` But in the great manufacturing plants of the West Midlands and North East , in tech start-ups from Dundee to Manchester , in the tourist and defence industries of the South West and Wales , the life sciences labs of the East of England : a truly national recovery . ' Speaking in Crewe , Mr Osborne said that Britain 's future can not depend on ` placing all our bets on the success of the City of London almost 200 miles to the South ' Mr Cameron set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East to prevent a ` reckless ' economy booming in the capital . Mr Cameron was joined by Chancellor George Osborne to launch the Tories ' plan for the North West . In a speech at a train depot in Crewe , Mr Osborne said reiterated his commitment to the Northern Powerhouse , which includes bringing together high speed rail links , faster county services , new train carriages , extended metrolinks , port facilities , expanded motorways and new roads . He added : ` That Northern Powerhouse is rooted in the idea that there is nothing inevitable about the gap between the North and South in our country growing ever wider . ` It 's part of a vision that our nation 's future no longer depends on placing all our bets on the success of the City of London almost 200 miles to the South -- but that we draw on the skills and ingenuity and wealth-creating potential of all of our country . ` And it 's based on the insight that great as the towns and cities of the North are , they can be greater still as the sum of their parts -- if we invest in the communication links , the science , the industry , the education , and we trust our great northern communities with control of their own affairs . ' The Tories have been boosted by a string of positive economic news in recent weeks , but it has failed to trigger an uptick in their poll ratings . The employment rate is higher in regions like the South West and East of England than it is in London , according to the Office for National Statistics . Unemployment has continued to fall and a record 31 million people are in work , the last jobless figures before the general election showed last week . The jobless total has fallen by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February , the lowest for almost seven years . The International Monetary Fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 , beaten only by the United States . IMF chief Chrstine Lagarage heaped praise on Chancellor George Osborne , telling a press conference in Washington : ` When we look at the comparative growth rates delivered by various countries in Europe it 's obvious that what is happening in the UK has actually worked . ' And German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said Mr Osborne had done ` a wonderful job ' in the past two years after strong economic growth .