A Moroccan limo company owner is believed to have shot four members of his family before taking his own life after a dispute over the business turned deadly . Police believe that 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old Reda Diaeddinn and 56-year-old Dodi Fayed , and their mother , 76-year-old Kenza Benzakour , on the ground floor of their Phoenix , Arizona home at 2 pm on Thursday . He then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law , 26-year-old Meriem Ben Yahia , before taking his own life , police said . Police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business . ABC 15 reported that he shot each victim in a way that ensured they were dead . Scroll down for video . The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix , Arizona on Thursday afternoon . Aerial footage shows a SWAT team entering the house in the aftermath . Phoenix Police Department officers stand out in front of a home in the aftermath of the shooting . They believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life . A single gun was found at the scene . His wife and two children , aged three and 10 months , were able to escape and shed called 911 . ` Our dispatcher could hear shots fired in the background while that call was coming in , ' Phoenix Police Sergeant Trent Crump said . ` A caller had been able to escape the home at that point , get out , and start to give us information . ' After police swooped on the scene , another woman , the suspect 's sister , emerged from the house and said she had been hiding . She said that there were several dead people inside the house . When tactical teams got inside the home , they found the four victims and the one man with a self-inflicted gun shot wound , and pronounced them all dead . ` Witness information at this time indicates there had been an ongoing business dispute between the 3 brothers , ' Crump said on Friday afternoon . Jared Carpenter , who lives next door to the home where the shooting took place , told the Daily Mail Online the shooter was in his 50s and owned a limo company . A neighbor captured what appeared to be snipers preparing to get into position around the house . Two more people from the authorities walk through the police barricade and head towards the property . According to neighbors , negotiators were speaking over a megaphone in Arabic as the family are believed to be Moroccan . Another neighbor , Shirley Glickman , told 12News that the family were quiet and kind . ` They been there , I guess , maybe 10 years . I 've been here 20 years , ' she said . SWAT team and scout snipers were seen storming the scene in the aftermath of the shooting . A robot was then sent in to assess what had happened inside before SWAT entered through the back door of the property and discovered the bodies . Residents said the family were virtually ` invisible ' until the shooting took place . Neighbors said the family , who ran a transport company , had always been ` invisible ' until the shooting . Police set up a barricade during the stand-off before a SWAT team entered the house and discovered the bodies . Reports suggest the street could be blocked off until Friday .