We all know the time-consuming hassle of having to hoover the house , so it is perhaps no surprise to find that sailors on board this Russian aircraft carrier also got bored of sweeping the decks . What is perhaps more surprising is their solution to the problem , which involved strapping an old jet engine to the front of a tractor , and using the contraption as a huge leaf-blower . The crew of the Admiral Kuznetsov , Russia 's largest warship , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing . Russian sailors on board the Admiral Kuznetsov , the country 's largest aircraft carrier , have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks , by strapping an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor . Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines , so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck , but the crew of the Kuznetsov decided to do away with that bother . Even a single stray nut or bolt , if sucked into one of the fighter plane 's engines , could spell disaster for the pilot , and cause millions of dollars worth of damage . Usually crew members are forced to go around manually checking for stray objects , using sweeper vehicles to help tidy them up . But with 14,700 sq ft of deck space to check and recheck every single day , the crew of the Kuznetsov decided to do away with that bother , and took a more direct approach . According to blog Foxtrot Alpha , the sailors have attached an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor , before fitting the front end with a diffuser , spreading the air out over the ship 's deck . The vehicle is then driven up and down the 1,000ft-long deck , blowing all debris overboard . The massive Kuznetsov is the jewel in President Putin 's military fleet , carrying a total of 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters . The ingenious crew members fitted the old MiG engine with a diffuser , spreading the air out over the deck , and use the contraption like an enormous leaf blower , sending debris overboard . The Kuznetsov has a deck spanning 14,700 sqft , so rather than search the entire thing by hand , Russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead . Bristling with anti-aircraft cannons , rocket batteries , gatling guns and underwater missiles , it weighs in at 43,000 tons and carries 1,690 crew . However , that is nothing compared to the US Nimitz Class aircraft carriers , the tenth and last of which , the George HW Bush , was commissioned in 2009 . The ship weighs 102,000 tons , is powered by two on board nuclear reactors and is capable of carrying almost 6,000 crew and air company who pilot its 90 aircraft and helicopters . The UK 's largest carrier in the HMS Queen Elizabeth , weighing in at 65,00 tonnes , it carries 40 jets and helicopters , along with 1,600 crew . The Kuznetsov is the largest carrier in the Russian Navy , built it 1985 it carries 18 fighter jets , 17 anti-submarine helicopters and 1,690 crew .