A prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing . Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 . But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . Michael Hanline , 69 , pictured with wife Sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit . Michael Hanline answers questions from the media outside court yesterday after his murder charges were formally dismissed . The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November . After his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday , Hanline who appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside court with his wife , Sandy , where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life . ` I feel good , ' he added . ` All I want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with Sandy and do a little gardening . ' ` Hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be . ' He added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that California roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars . Mugshot : Hanline was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 . After decades behind bars , Hanline was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about ` Buck Rogers ' gadgets such as cellphones . ` Gas is n't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes is n't 30 cents , ' he said . ` It 's a whole new ball game . ' Hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing friend , Ventura resident J.T. McGarry in 1978 . He said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison . ` When I first got arrested , I figured it might take a year or two to get this all straightened around but not 36 , ' he said , including two years he spent in jail after his arrest but before his conviction . He added : ` I never believed I 'd spend the rest of my life in prison , but man , 36 years is a long , long time . ' McGarry , a Ventura resident who also used the name Michael Mathers , dealt in drugs and ran motorcycle-oriented swap meets for the publishers of Easyriders magazine , according to court papers . He went missing on November 10 , 1978 , and was found shot to death two days later by a highway . Hanline , who was romantically involved with McGarry 's ex-girlfriend , was arrested on an unrelated charge that month after traveling to Northern California and using McGarry 's credit card , court papers stated . He was charged with murder by prosecutors who suggested his motive was jealousy over McGarry 's on-again , off-again relationship with the ex-girlfriend . But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . The evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November with charges only officially dropped yesterday . Hanline 's then-girlfriend , Mary Bischoff , was granted immunity and was a key witness at his trial . She testified that McGarry had skimmed thousands of dollars from motorcycle swap meets and that Hanline had threatened to ` blow his brains out . ' She also claimed that Hanline left home with a handgun the night of the killing and returned covered in mud . He said he worked on motorcycles at home all night except for leaving to get beer . In 1980 , Hanline was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole . DNA analysis was not conducted at the scene where McGarry 's body was discovered because the technology did not exist then . But Ventura County prosecutors said in court papers an analysis this year found the DNA profile of an unidentified male , not Hanline . In addition , evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline during the trial was withheld from him . Special Assistant District Attorney Michael Schwartz said ` flaws in the trial and the totality of evidence cast sufficient doubt to warrant vacating the jury 's guilty verdict . ' Lawyers from the California Innocence Project had been working for 15 years to free him and it was them who persuaded local prosecutors to re-examine the evidence . ` The conviction was based on ` paper-thin evidence , ' said Justin Brooks , director of the California Innocence Project . Prosecutors had said Hanlin , pictured in 1974 , kidnapped McGarry , shot him and dumped his body off of a highway . ` He is 100 percent innocent , ' Brooks said outside court . Testing showed DNA found at the crime scene did not come from Hanline or his alleged accomplice . In addition , prosecutors withheld evidence that should have been disclosed to Hanline 's legal team during the trial . Hanline 's conviction was overturned and he was freed from prison on November 24 after prosecutors told a judge doubts had been raised about the case . However , he had been required to wear a GPS ankle bracelet and had faced the possibility of a retrial . A Ventura County Superior Court judge dismissed the charges at the request of prosecutors , telling the courtroom it was done because the allegations ca n't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt . Prosecutors are still investigating who might have killed McGarry , who had ties to a motorcycle gang , he said . Hanline is at least the third person in recent years to be freed from a California prison after serving long sentences for murder . Last fall Susan Mellen , a 59-year-old mother of three , was freed after spending 17 years in prison for the death of a homeless man in Lawndale . A Los Angeles County judge said she was convicted on the word of a liar . In 2013 , Kash Register was freed after spending 34 years in prison . The judge said prosecutors used false testimony from an alleged eyewitness . In 2007 , Timothy Atkins was freed after spending 20 years in prison for a 1987 robbery and murder in Los Angeles . A key witness who claimed she heard him confess recanted her testimony .