Pouting and playing with her mother 's pearl necklace , Sweden 's Princess Leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the Vatican . But at just 14-months-old and on the verge of the terrible twos , the infant Duchess of Gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else . Cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , Princess Madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet Pope Francis . Displeased : Princess Leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the Vatican . Madeleine , who wore a traditional lace mantilla for the occasion , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer . But before that happens , she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of Sweden to complete - many with her British businessman husband Christopher O'Neill , 40 , by her side . Mr O'Neill was also at the Vatican today and shared the childcare with his wife , at one point giving his little daughter a hug . The couple have recently returned to Sweden after years spent living in New York , where Princess Leonore was born just over a year ago . Unlike his or her big sister , the new baby will be born in Stockholm following her parents ' move to the city last summer . The birth is likely to coincide with another big royal event , the wedding of Madeleine 's older brother , Prince Carl Philip , 35 , on the 13th June . Hug from Daddy : Not even the ministrations of father Christopher O'Neill could raise a smile . Playing with pearls : Leonore did find at least one distraction though - her mother 's pearls . His bride-to-be , 30-year-old Sofia Hellqvist , is a former glamour model - a career that was the source of controversy when the couple 's relationship was made public in January 2010 . Ms Hellqvist is expected to become Princess Sofia of Sweden following the wedding , although her title will not be officially decided until the ceremony . Having posed topless in Swedish men 's magazines , Ms Hellqvist hit tabloid headlines in 2005 after reaching the final of the scandalous sex and alcohol-fuelled TV show Paradise Hotel . The shows sees five men and five women stay in a hotel together and included a scene in which Sofia was shown kissing pornstar Jenna Jameson . However , in 2009 , after she met Carl Philip , who is third in line to the throne , in a club , she has softened her image . Cheerful : Princess Madeleine was all smiles as she made her way into the Vatican . Still cross : The baby was carried in for the audience by her father . Next in line : Prince Carl Philip will marry fiancee Sofia Hellqvist in Stockholm on the 13th June . The relationship was controversial for a time , as Queen Silvia apparently did not entirely approve of the match . But it is the prince himself who has the most colourful past , with his ` Wild Summer ' of 2012 still referenced by Sweden 's tabloid press which delightedly documented his antics . As well as going on a drunken rampage in central Stockholm while wearing an alien mask , the summer also saw him become the victim of a happy slapping incident during a holiday to Cannes . He also , following a wild night out , managed to lose his wallet and was forced to hitch-hike to the motor race he was due to compete in , before spectacularly crashing his car on the first lap . As the only son of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia , the prince was the heir to the throne for a seven months after he was born in May 1979 . But in January 1980 the rules were changed and the principle of primogeniture was introduced , meaning the throne will be inherited by the monarch 's eldest child , Crown Princess Victoria . She will be succeeded by her daughter Estelle , who was born in February 2012 .