It 's the ultimate in slow-motion footage . The BBC is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph . For many , the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry , but the Corporation hopes many viewers will find it a refreshing change from the usual frenetic pace of modern TV . There is no presenter , narrator , dialogue or music , so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat 's engine , the lapping of the water and the local birdsong as the barge makes its way along a picturesque stretch of the Kennet and Avon Canal . 00.00 : And they 're off ! 0-4mph in ten minutes . 34.07 : Bridge over -LRB- not at all -RRB- troubled water . 41.50 : Crazy boy racers scream past at 5mph . Aside from two aerial cutaway shots , when the boat negotiates a lock and crosses the Dundas Aqueduct , the full two hours is shot continuously from a single camera on the front of the boat . Rather incongruously , it 's the same specialist high-definition equipment used to shoot the action-packed James Bond blockbuster Skyfall . In contrast , the most exiting moments of All Aboard ! The Canal Trip involve the narrowboat being overtaken by a swan , or having to manoeuvre out of the way of a pleasure craft . Other exciting scenes feature a plank of wood , a dog-walker and cyclists on the towpath . The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes . Producer Luke Korzun Martin said : ` We want the voyage to feel like a sensory experience . We want it to be mesmeric , hypnotic and beautiful . ` The idea was to create a moving painting . It is like a Constable landscape which changes in front of your eyes . If people are going to sit and watch a two-hour single shot , it needs to be the most beautiful two-hour shot it can be . ' Rob Dean , of the Kennet and Avon Canal Trust , said : ` I think this is the right approach . The whole point about the waterways is they slow people down . ' 55.40 : Mayday ! Mayday ! Wild swan on the attack . 1 hr , 45m : Gridlock ... Canal swamped by two boats . 1 hr 56m : It 's all water over the bridge -LRB- at last -RRB- .