In an effort to counter rival Netflix 's entry into the Australian market , cable TV 's Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women 's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon . A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate - under which both Foxtel and rival Netflix share the rights - allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well . Pedestrian.TV website reports that the one lingering issue that adversely affects Netflix 's operations in Australia is pre-existing distribution deals cut for its original shows in markets where , previously , it did n't exist . Taylor Schilling -LRB- left -RRB- is the main character in Netflix series Orange is the New Black . In Australia , this applies to the way Orange is the New Black was shown ` legally ' in the country , leaving the door open for Foxtel to screen the series . Foxtel 's priority distribution is the traditional one episode at a time airing method . And all episodes must air in this manner before they can offer the program as an on demand option . However , when the third season of the prison drama premieres on Netflix on June 12 , Foxtel will also begin showing the entire season in one continuous marathon , beginning at the same time . The established prison drama is currently one of Netflix 's flagship TV shows . Doing this means that when the marathon is completed around 14 or so hours later , Foxtel can then upload the entire season and offer the episodes on an on-demand basis for customers . The popular TV series is based on the book of the same name , by Piper Kerman , about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth . It 's a cast that includes Taylor Schilling , Kate Mulgrew , Natasha Lyonne and Australian actress Yael Stone . The TV series is about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth . The Sydney Morning Herald reports that former MTV Australia and Foxtel presenter Ruby Rose appears in the show 's third season , reportedly as a prisoner who becomes in involved with both Piper -LRB- Schilling -RRB- and Alex -LRB- Laura Prepon -RRB- . In the US , the series is one of the major titles for Netflix there , though the organisation recently clashed with the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences , which controls the Emmy Awards , over whether the show is considered a comedy or a drama . The upshot is that Orange is the New Black must now compete as a drama at this year 's Emmy Awards , a move which means the series will compete directly against Netflix 's other flagship show House of Cards . In the US , the series is hugely popular and is one of the major titles for Netflix there .