Dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in Texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames . Officers in Mesquite early Sunday came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles , who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel . Valles ' clothes had begun to burn as Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road . Certain death : Police in Mesquite , Texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel . Pulled him out : The dashcam rolled as Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto managed to get 25-year-old Hector Valles out of his SUV and stamp out his burning clothes . Moments later , while Nielson and Soto were still dragging Valles across the pavement , the fire in his SUV erupted ever further , fully engulfing the interior . Bystanders alongside Valles car can be heard yelling , ` He 's still breathing ' in the dashcam footage that shows Nielson and Soto 's heroic rescue . The level-headed officers tell Valles ` Relax dude , ' and ` c'mon man ' before realizing he 's out cold . Officer Soto can be heard begging him to ` Stay with us ' as they drag Valles ' limp form along the concrete and out of harm 's way . Tense seconds pass before Valles can be seen to move his body on his own as the relieved officers assure him help is on the way . Nick of time : While the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement , flames fully engulfed the interior of his car . ` Stay with us ! ' : Valles was unresponsive and some tense moments pass in the footage before he 's seen to move under his own power . He was transported to Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas , the Morning News reports , where he remained hospitalized in the intensive care unit as of Monday . Valles ' mother Olivia Valles told KDFW that her son was going to pull through as she thanked the officers who made his recovery possible . ` We would like to thank the Mesquite police officers and witnesses whose heroic efforts saved our son , ' Olivia Valles said in a statement . ` Hector is strong . He is a fighter . We are thankful to the Lord that he is here , he is recovering and is in good hands . ' Meanwhile , Hector 's accident remained under investigation Monday as police revealed only that he crashed into a steel pillar after swerving off I-30 and onto the adjacent service road . Victim : By Monday , it remained unclear why 25-year-old Valles -LRB- pictured -RRB- veered off of I-30 before crashing into a pillar , nearly ending his life Sunday . ` We would like to thank the Mesquite police officers and witnesses whose heroic efforts saved our son , ' Valles mother Olivia Valles said in a statement . ` Hector is strong . He is a fighter . We are thankful to the Lord that he is here , he is recovering and is in good hands . '