Christine Carriage , 67 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court . A grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her tiny bungalow -- which police said was like a ` warehouse ' . Officers raiding Christine Carriage 's one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on . But this week the 67-year-old walked free from court . A total of 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags -- valued at £ 5,620 -- were seized by police from the home in Bowthorpe , Norwich , on November 4 , 2013 . William Carter , prosecuting , said police found an 8ft-long clothes rail bending under the huge weight of the clothing in one room . He said : ` The officers described the property as looking more like a clothing warehouse than a dwelling . Each room was packed . ' On Wednesday , Carriage admitted acquiring , using or possessing criminal property . When police searched the house , she was at the property with son Shane Carriage , 45 , and grandson Luke Hall . Officers found cash , drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine . Carriage had convictions for dishonesty from the 1960s and 1970s , and two convictions for shoplifting in the 1980s , as well as one in 1996 and another in 2012 . Philippa Page , defending , said some items were Carriage 's clothes and those of her son , grandson and late husband . She said Carriage was guilty of mistaken family loyalty in allowing her ` increasingly out-of-control ' grandson to store stolen clothes at her home . Sentencing Carriage , Judge Maureen Bacon told her : ` You have been a dishonest woman through all your life . ` I do n't see why I should inflict your keep on the public purse by sending you to prison today . ' She was given a suspended six-month jail sentence , ordered to do 120 hours of unpaid work and told to pay an £ 80 victim surcharge at Norwich Crown Court . But Carriage and her son were cleared of supplying cocaine last August after Recorder Peter Wallis ruled there was no case to answer . Hall had previously admitted supplying cocaine , possessing cocaine and possessing criminal property and was jailed for 34 months . A grandmother 's swag : Hundreds of stolen items from shoes to handbags were discovered by police in a raid on the one-bedroom home of serial offender Christine Carriage in November 2013 . Police raided the one-bedroom bungalow in Bowthorpe , Norwich -LRB- pictured -RRB- where Christine Carriage lived . She was at the property at the time along with her son Shane Carriage , 45 , and grandson Luke Hall . Seized : Police found an eight foot long clothes rail bending under the weight of the clothing in one room .