These shocking photographs reveal how a horse riding event for a cancer charity in Northern Ireland apparently used a surprise jump in the shape of a car . Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle , County Tyrone . One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs . Shocking scene : Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle , County Tyrone . Fall : One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump which could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs . A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28 . One rider reported visiting a & e to be treated for badly bruised ligaments after her horse fell . One complaint sent to welfare officers warned that ` someone could have been killed ' at the event . It said : ` The public were asked to attend a charity `` hack '' which is supposed to be a casual walk ; trot through road or forest trails with your horse with an odd natural fence to jump -- i.e. trees or ditches . ` In reality some the horses were made jump extremely dangerous obstacles , one being a car with glass still within and over atrocious ground conditions which is nothing short of animal cruelty . ' It added : ` From these pictures some of these animals are clearly not fit enough to be partaking in any jumping activities , ridden by people who had no regard for the safety of them . ' The complainant said a friend had attended the event , believing it would be in a good cause for charity , but was ` utterly shocked at what she witnessed , advising many horses were beaten ' . ` One particular horse left with the skin from his chest between his legs torn and hanging off , ' they added . ` There was a flap of skin hanging down between the horse 's legs . ' Getting up : A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event in Northern Ireland . The Ulster Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said today that complaints had been made after the horses were ` exploited and abused ' in the ` obviously dangerous ' event . A spokesman told MailOnline : ` People have quite rightly felt the animals were being exploited and abused . Our point would be that the riders have the choice , but the horses do n't . ' Fermanagh and Omagh District Council - which has the power to prosecute , unlike the USCPA - said its animal welfare and agriculture officials are aware of the incident and are investigating . But Patricia Keenan , 34 , who organised the event , said she had originally planned for the car to feature as a jump obstacle - but it was intended to be a ` photographic prop ' on the day . She told the Ulster Herald : ` On the morning of the ride-out I had delegated a number of tasks , one of which was to close the pallets across the approach to the jump and hang a red flag on it . ` Unfortunately due to time constraints and confusion within the delegated voluntary assistants , this instruction was not executed , with the unfortunate consequence that a few riders out of the entire field of 65 riders elected of their own will to deviate from the designated clearly marked route which involved a modest jump over a ditch . ' The charity supported by the race , Charis Cancer Care , said its trustees were not aware of the fundraiser - and would only comment on what had happened once it had investigated the matter .