The Nepal earthquake that has killed at least 2,500 people was a ` nightmare waiting to happen ' , disaster experts said last night . Just a week ago , 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster . Resting on colliding tectonic plates , Nepal is under constant threat of earthquake of natural disaster . But experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents . Scroll down for video . The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres -LRB- 50 miles -RRB- northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries , with hundreds still missing . Speaking of the Nepalese capital where the scientific meeting was held , one expert said it the devastation was ` an accident waiting to happen ' . ` Physically and geologically what happened is exactly what we thought would happen , ' said seismologist James Jackson , head of the earth sciences department at the Cambridge University . ` I was walking through that very area where that earthquake was and I thought at the very time that the area was heading for trouble , ' said Mr Jackson , lead scientist for Earthquakes Without Frontiers , a group that tries to help Asian cities prepare for disasters . Locals rescued two more dust-covered men , pulling them up on the the street as they work to find and rescue any survivors of the disaster . Earthquakes of similar magnitude can have bigger effects on different parts of the globe because of the manner of building construction and population density . A 7.8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million residents in California , but has killed at least 1,900 in Nepal , and could kill up to 10,000 in parts of Pakistan , India , Iran and China , said U.S. Geological Survey seismologist David Wald . With the death toll steadily creeping up -LRB- to 2,500 on Sunday evening -RRB- , the full extent of the horror brought by the earthquake is slowly unfolding . As rescuers scramble to save stranded climbers on Mount Everest where 18 died under avalanches yesterday , experts are warning the worst of the disaster is to come . Aftershocks rocked the Himalayan country this morning with residents describing the tremors in terrifying detail . One registered 6.9 on the Richter Scale and is feared to have triggered yet more avalanches on Everest . While the original earthquake 's magnitude - 7.9 - labelled it a ` major ' incident , it struck just 11 km underground , making its effects all the more devastating . Coupled with that is its lack of preparation for such destructive tremors . A relatively poor country , its buildings are shoddily constructed and easily torn down . Experts also fear the earthquake 's shallowness could have sparked landslides across the mountainous region . This is the fifth significant earthquake in Nepal in the last 205 years , including a massive one in 1934 that levelled the city . ` They knew they had a problem but it was so large they did n't where to start , how to start , ' said Hari Ghi , south east Asia regional coordinator for Geohazards International , a group that calculates worldwide quake risks . Nepal was making progress on reducing its vulnerability to earthquakes , but not quickly or big enough . Mr Ghi 's group , on April 12 , updated a late 1990s report summarising the Kathmandu Valley risks . ` With an annual population growth rate of 6.5 per cent and one of the highest urban densities in the world , the 1.5 million people living in the Kathmandu Valley were clearly facing a serious and growing earthquake risk , ' the report said , laying out ` the problem ' the valley faces . ` It was also clear that the next large earthquake to strike near the Valley would cause significantly greater loss of life , structural damage , and economic hardship than past earthquakes had inflicted . ' And for years there were no building codes and rampant development so homes and other structures could be built without any regards to earthquakes , the report said . There are now building codes , but that does n't help the older structures , and the codes are n't overly strong , Mr Ghi said . It 's actually even made worse because of local inheritance laws that require property be split equally among all sons , Mr Jackson said . ` So that means buildings are split vertically among brothers making very thin rickety homes that need more space so people add insecure living space on additional floors , he said . ` The construction is appalling in Kathmandu , ' he said . Poverty and pollution make the problem worse . That 's because people do n't spend time worrying about some future earthquake because they have more pressing problems . ` If you live in the Kathmandu Valley you have other priorities , daily threats and daily nasty things happen to you in terms of air quality , water quality , pollution , traffic and just poverty , ' Mr Jackson said . ` But it does n't mean that the earthquakes go away . ' Nepalese rescue teams remove a body from the rubble of the historic 19th century Darahara Tower in Kathmandu which collapsed in the quake . People search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building after the earthquake hit Nepal and surrounding countries at just after 6 am GBT time . The earthquake had an epicentre 80 kilometres north-west of Kathmandu , according to United States Geological Survey and strong tremors were also felt in large areas of northern and eastern India and Bangladesh . A man comforts a woman next to a seriously injured person on the ground in the aftermath of the disaster which is thought to have killed at least two . Volunteers help remove a huge pile of debris from what used to be a building in Durbar Square before the quake which caused extensive damage with toppled walls and collapsed buildings . Huge teams of locals and volunteers help to heave away huge pieces of debris from homes , business and offices left by the earthquake . Panicked residents had rushed into the streets as the tremor erupted with the impact felt hundreds of miles away in big swathes of northern India and even in Bangladesh . Video footage showed people digging through the rubble of the bricks from the collapsed tower , looking for survivors . Nepal 's capital Kathmandu -- with a population of over one million -- was one of the worst-hit areas in Nepal , with the quake 's epicentre just 50 miles north of the city . As the tremors intensified , people were seen in scenes of mayhem running from their homes and places of work in panic . Source : U.S. Geological Survey . Data from 1990 onwards . Dozens of people were gathered in the car park of Kathmandu 's Norvic International Hospital , where thin mattresses had been spread on the ground for patients rushed outside , some patients wearing hospital pyjamas , while doctors and nurses were treating people . The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres -LRB- 50 miles -RRB- northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . The 7.8 magnitude tremor was the worst to hit the poor South Asian nation in over 80 years . Television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact . India was first to respond to Nepal 's appeal for help by sending in military aircraft with medical equipment and relief teams . Britain has deployed a team of humanitarian experts to Nepal to provide urgent support for people affected by the quake , International Development Secretary Justine Greening announced tonight . Ms Greening said : ` My thoughts are with the people of Nepal , in particular all those who have lost loved ones . ` The absolute priority must be to reach people who are trapped and injured , and provide shelter and protection to those who have lost their homes . ` Nepal needs our urgent humanitarian assistance . That is why we have rapidly deployed a team of humanitarian experts who will immediately begin work assessing the damage and helping the Nepalese authorities respond to this devastating earthquake . ' It came after Prime Minister David Cameron pledged that the UK would do all it can to help in the aftermath on the Nepal earthquake . On Twitter he said : ` Shocking news about the earthquake in Nepal - the UK will do all we can to help those caught up in it . ' Foreign Secretary , Philip Hammond , added his condolences and said the British Embassy was providing help to any UK nationals caught up in the disaster . ` My thoughts are with the people of Nepal and everyone affected by the terrible loss of life and widespread damage caused by the earthquake , ' he said . ` We are in close contact with the Nepalese government . The British Embassy in Nepal is offering our assistance to the authorities and is providing consular assistance to British Nationals . '