Alaa Abdullah Esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting ISIS . A woman posted tens of thousands of Tweets supporting ISIS which included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons . Alaa Abdullah Esayed , from south London , uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . Some of the messages she posted between June 1 2013 and May 14 2014 , included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in Syria which she uploaded to her Instagram account . Her tweets also included a poem ` Mother of the Martyr ' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad . Esayed pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism under the Terrorism Act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications . She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences . The 22-year-old posted around 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers . The Iraqi national refused to stand while the charges were read out . Esayed was arrested on June 3 2014 , and was granted bail at an earlier hearing . She appeared wearing the full face veil , alongside her father , and spoke only to enter her guilty pleas . She admitted encouraging terrorism by publishing the posts , together with photographs and video links which she ` intended or was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or Convention offences . ' A second charge accused her of disseminating terrorist publications . Both offences carry maximum penalties of seven years in prison . In her basis of plea Miss Esayed , said : ` I accept I published a series of posts on Twitter and Instagram and in doing so I was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or -LSB- European -RSB- Convention offences . The 22-year-old appeared at the Old Bailey in a large coat and hood , wearing a veil in the courtroom . Esayed admitted encouraging children to take up weapons and fight for ISIS in the thousands of posts . ` I accept that via my Twitter account I provided a service to others that enables them to obtain , read listen to or look at a terrorist publication , namely by providing links to poems and other propaganda and at the time of doings so I was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or Convention offences . ' Esayed will be sentenced on May 18 and was released on conditional bail .