A teenage boy who shot and killed a teacher and wounded several others in an attack inside a school in Barcelona had a ` hit list ' , local media reports . The 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week , but none had taken him seriously . The teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15 am this morning , killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers . Scroll down for video . Distressed relatives of students wait outside the Barcelona high school where a 13-year-old boy allegedly shot and killed a teacher using a crossbow , and injuring four people . Students reunite with their families as others wait for news outside the high school in Barcelona as it is claimed that the teenage attacker had told classmates he was planning to ` kill all the teachers ' Two young girls comfort each other as students and staff were allowed to leave the school this afternoon . The teenager is said to have launched the attack in his own classroom , targeting his female Catalan teacher and her daughter , also a student at the school , Spanish media reports . According to a witness , the boy had been late for class and shot and injured the female teacher in the face , before stabbing her 13-year-old daughter . Student Gemma Jarque said she and her classmates barricaded themselves into their classroom when they heard the attack . ` We were just starting the class and suddenly we heard screams ... so we shut ourselves inside our classroom in order to be safe ' , she said . ` We saw the teacher lying on the floor in a pool of blood . ' Another student , Paula Amayuelas , said the boy had been bullied before in school . She said he ` did n't have problems but he was kind of a loner ... . Other students would pick on him . ' The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14 , the age of criminal responsibility in Spain . The victim , a male substitute teacher , had come to the aid of the woman and her daughter after hearing their screams and was shot and killed as he attempted to protect them , El Pais reports . The week before the attack , the teen had told classmates ` several times ' , that he was going to kill all the teachers before committing suicide , but none took him seriously and wrote it off as a bad joke . The boy , only identified by his initials M.P.C. , had also said it would be easy to carry out an attack in the school with ` good weapons . ' Judicial staff members take out the body of a teacher allegedly killed by a student armed with a crossbow at the Instituto Joan Foster in Barcelona , Spain . Horror : Emergency Service members accompany two women out of the Joan Fuster Institue in Barcelona as it emerged that the teenage attacker had a ` kill list ' A visibly distressed man , believed to be a member of staff , is helped out of the school . Aftermath : Students and parents leave the Joan Fuster Institute in a bus in Barcelona while police hold the suspect in the school . Following his detention after the slaughter , the boy was taken to a hospital for a psychiatric examination , said Jose Miguel Company , a spokesman for the Barcelona prosecutor 's office . ` He was very disturbed and saying strange and incoherent things , ' said Company , who added that the examination is aimed at determining whether the boy has psychiatric problems or whether he was faking them . The knife and crossbow used in the attack are believed to belong to the boy 's father , who is reported to have kept a collection of weapons at home . His sister , also a pupil at the school , is reported to have fainted when she discovered what had happened . A friend of the sister of the alleged killer , who has not been named , said : ` She is a lovely person but he did strange things . ' The female teacher attacked only suffered superficial wounds and her daughter is being treated in hospital with minor injuries . Another victim , a 14-year-old boy , was stabbed in the chest , but is now in stable condition in hospital , El Pais reports . Barcelona police said the boy has been arrested but would not confirm the weapon used in the attack . The attack took place in the Sant Andreu neighborhood of the city just after 9 am , and the boy was detained shortly afterwards . The regional Mosses d'Esquadra police force are understood to be holding him at his school this morning on the orders of a judge so he could be examined by experts . Attack : The 13-year-old boy reportedly burst into the school armed with a knife and crossbow , killing a male teacher and injuring four others . Shocking : The attack took place just after 9 am this morning and police confirmed the boy has been detained . Although he was earlier reported to have fired an arrow at the injured female teacher , sources later said he used the tip of the crossbow to stab her in the head and a leg . The school caretaker is understood to have wrestled him to the ground and disarmed him . Mossos d'Esquadra said in a statement : ` We have identified a minor on suspicion of the death of a teacher at a school in Barcelona . ` The incident happened inside the school about 9.15 am when the minor allegedly attacked the teacher with a sharp object . ` During the incident four people were slightly injured , two female teachers and two pupils . ` Three of them have been transferred to hospital and one of them , a female teacher , was treated at the scene . Police are investigating the incident . ' The attack took place on the 16th anniversary of the Columbine High School massacre when seniors Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold shot and killed 12 students and one teacher . The 1999 massacre in Columbine , Colorado , is the deadliest high school shooting in U.S. history . A spokesman for regional police said it was too early to determine whether Monday 's attack was an attempt to copy the Columbine attack .