One million men are now actively choosing to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or retire gradually . Official figures show there has been a stark 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years . This compares to a 4 per cent rise in women choosing part-time work over the same period , according to the Office for National Statistics . One million men have chosen to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or are retiring gradually . There are now 1.02 million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours , compared to 4.58 million women -- who more commonly work part-time to care for children or family . It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers , with the latest figures showing a 6 per cent annual rise , compared to a 28 per cent fall in the number of stay-at-home mothers . Men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time . But recruitment experts said the rise in part-time male workers also signalled an increase in pre-tirement -- a trend where older gradually reduce their hours rather than suddenly retiring . Out of the 8.2 million part-time workers in the UK , 5.6 million have chosen to work shorter hours , 1.35 million can not find full-time work , 200,000 are ill or disabled and 1.02 million are students . Karen Mattison , of Timewise -- a company which helps people find flexible work -- said : ` In the past , discussions about flexible work have tended to focus more on women -- and particularly mothers -- rather than on men . ` The challenge we face , is debunking the myth of the outdated perception of what flexible working means and for who . ` Just as there is ` no one reason ' for needing flexibility , there is no one ` gender ' who needs it either . ` Out of the 5.6 million people now choosing to work part time in the UK , the number of men now doing this has now hit the one million mark . ` This is the future of work as we know it , and it is refreshing . Those who choose to work flexibly -- be it reducing their hours or increasing their home working -- are shaking up the status quo for both businesses and employees . ' There are now 1.02 million men in the UK who have decided to reduce their hours compared to 4.58 million women . Patrick Foley , Lloyds Banking Group 's chief economist , is one of a growing number of executives opting for part-time work . He is one of the most senior leaders at the group , yet works three days a week . He said that opting for part-time after many years of full-time work had enabled him to write a book and compete in Ironman triathlon races . Mr Foley said : ` Having started working part time , I only wish I had done this earlier . It has brought new balance into my life without impacting my contribution in the office . '