These images show the world 's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34 mm in diameter . Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds , the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . The gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver , and the bullets it fires - which were designed specifically for the gun by Mr Erard - also appears in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created . Small but mighty : Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds , the petite pistol -LRB- pictured left alongside a full-size revolver -RRB- measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . Miniature : Looking like something fit for James Bond , the petite pistol measures only two inches long . Calibre : The 2.34 calibre bullets the gun fires -LRB- left -RRB- were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker Paul Erard . The bullets hold the Guinness World Record as the tiniest live ammunition ever created . Looking like something fit for James Bond , the petite pistol measures only two inches long . With a height of just 1.3 inches and only 0.3 inches wide , the gun could easily be hidden up 007 's sleeve . The mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing a staggering £ 300,000 to manufacturer , although former watch-maker Mr Erard is selling them for just £ 4,500 a piece . Weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner £ 230 . The specially-made ammunition was also invented by Mr Erand and has an internal diameter of just 2.34 mm calibre - making them the smallest bullets ever invented . Detail : The mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing a staggering £ 300,000 to manufacturer , although former watch-maker Mr Erard is selling them for just £ 4,500 a piece . Not a toy : Weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner £ 230 . Up close : The gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver . Speaking of his invention , Mr Erard said : ` Each gun has one joule of power , which is a tenth of the power of the average air rifle . ' ` Each gun takes three months to make from order to production ' , the 69-year-old added . Although the fully-functioning pistol was designed to be a piece of art , potential owners will require a gun licence to buy one and special export licences if they want to take it out of Switzerland . This means that despite being smaller than a matchstick , the weapon is treated as a deadly weapon under European law .