It is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored . Deep in injury time , with Blackburn 's FA Cup journey about to end , Simon Eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out . Eastwood , oddly , had time and , even more strangely given the melee in the area , he had space , too . He had the whole goal to aim at . He should have scored . As it happened , his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but it was straight at Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet , who managed to parry the ball and then grab it as it threatened to spin over the line . We do not blame Eastwood , of course . He is a goalkeeper . But he will wake this morning knowing that a peculiar and romantic part in FA Cup folklore could have been his . Liverpool celebrated a place in the FA Cup semi-finals after beating Blackburn , setting up a Wembley encounter with Aston Villa . Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their quarter-final replay at Ewood Park . Jordan Henderson , Kolo Toure and Joe Allen celebrate after Liverpool secured their place in the FA Cup semi-finals . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers celebrates with Henderson after his team ousted the Championship outfit . Blackburn players look dejected while Liverpool celebrate their progression after a hard-fought quarter-final replay . Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner . Blackburn defender Matt Kilgallon sinks to the floor at the final whistle after Blackburn 's elimination . Blackburn : Eastwood , Henley , Baptiste , Kilgallon , Olsson , Evans , Williamson , Conway -LRB- Gestede 65 -RRB- , Cairney , Marshall , Rhodes . Subs not used : Nyambe , Spurr , Songo'o , Lenihan , Steele , Mahoney . Booked : Evans . Liverpool : Mignolet , Johnson , Lovren , Sakho -LRB- Toure 28 -RRB- , Moreno , Henderson , Lucas , Allen , Sterling , Sturridge -LRB- Lambert 85 -RRB- , Coutinho . Subs not used : Jones , Manquillo , Borini , Brannagan , Markovic . Goals : Coutinho 70 . Referee : Kevin Friend -LRB- Leicestershire -RRB- . Attendance : 28,415 . Blackburn may not have gone on to win . They were losing 1-0 at the time and a goal so late on would only have taken them in to extra-time . Nevertheless , Liverpool will go on to a semi-final date with Aston Villa knowing that they were almost part of one of the great cup stories -- and not in a good way . Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer had looked ready to celebrate the unlikeliest of goals . He said : ` I think it was more shock that he managed to do that and turn . It was an unbelievable turn from him , a last roll of the dice . To have pushed Liverpool like that over two games and still have a chance like that means there 's nothing but praise for my players . ' Over the course of the piece , Liverpool deserved their win . They were not wholly convincing and will need to improve markedly if they are to win this competition or make another desperate late dart towards the Champions League places . Nevertheless , they dominated the majority of the possession and defended manfully when they had to . Without their two best defenders -- the suspended pair Emre Can and Martin Skrtel -- Liverpool reverted to a back four and then lost Mamadou Sakho to injury . However , the makeshift pair of Dejan Lovren and Kolo Toure stepped up and deserve credit . Toure was wretched in the Barclays Premier League defeat at Arsenal at the weekend but was excellent here . At times , experience counts for much . So does timing , of course , and Philippe Countinho 's was excellent on Wednesday . With 20 minutes to go , this was a game that looked as though it may be about to swing towards Blackburn . Coutinho watches his shot find the bottom corner of the Blackburn goal to give Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play . The Brazilian 's shot flicks the inside of the far post before nestling in the back of the net at Ewood Park . Coutinho was mobbed by his team-mates after scoring what proved to be Liverpool 's winner in the tie . Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time , but his shot was saved . Daniel Sturridge , pictured being closed down by Blackburn 's Adam Henley , returned to the Liverpool starting line-up . Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling tries to elude the challenge from Blackburn 's Henley . Blackburn 's Ben Marshall beats Henderson to the ball as he forces a header towards the Liverpool goal . Reading vs Arsenal . Sat 18 April , 5.20 pm . Aston Villa vs Liverpool . Sunday 19 April , 3 pm . -LRB- Both ties to be played at Wembley -RRB- . Having just thrown on their big forward Rudy Gestede -- a player who had caused Liverpool so much trouble in the first game a month ago -- the Championship team were beginning to seriously trouble their opponents . Within a minute of his arrival , Gestede outmuscled Jordan Henderson in the middle of the field and released Tom Cairney , who had to be tackled desperately by Toure . Then , from the ensuing corner , Mignolet was forced to come and palm the ball away rather desperately under pressure . For Bowyer and his team , it looked as though the perfect storm was brewing . Liverpool had enjoyed huge swathes of possession but had most of their approach play floundered against Blackburn 's defensive barricades manned by the exceptional Matt Kilgallon and Alex Baptiste . Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet makes a save onto the post to deny Marshall giving Blackburn the lead . Blackburn 's Tom Cairney is clipped by Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno after evading the Spaniard 's challenge . Now , with the last quarter of the game upon them , Blackburn were scenting blood only for Coutinho to draw their sting with one of the few moments of stardust quality Liverpool managed all night . Seeing a 70th minute corner come back to him from a defender , Coutinho had the awareness to lay the ball off to Henderson and then make a move towards the return . It was this that created the space and the rest -- the control and shot across goal in to the corner -- was down purely to confidence , touch and purpose . These three qualities had been missing from much of Liverpool 's play . Daniel Sturridge , for example , was wretched . For him every second touch was a tackle and young Raheem Sterling did not do an awful lot better . Liverpool 's Brazilian midfielder Coutinho tries to unlock the Blackburn defence as Kilgallon stands him up . Toure watches on after Blackburn goalkeeper Eastwood makes a save during the first half at Ewood Park . Jordan Rhodes attempts a shot at goal in the second half , but it was blocked by Liverpool defender Toure . Liverpool goalkeeper Mignolet punches the ball clear as Blackburn 's Rudy Gestede attempts to head the ball . Liverpool , though , do have players of high class and when people like Coutinho are around the keys to the jail cell are never far from reach . Afterwards , Blackburn manager Bowyer did have a complaint to make . At the start of the second half , Mignolet made a diving save from Cairney and then , from the corner , an even better one from a Ben Marshall header . Replays showed that the ball may have brushed Joe Allen 's arm before it reached the Liverpool goalkeeper . If it did , though , it did not deviate . There is no way that referee Kevin Friend could have spotted it . It would have taken cricket 's Hot Spot to reveal the thinnest of outside edges and as such it was hard to feel too much empathy with Bowyer . Cairney steps away from a challenge from Liverpool midfielder Allen during the quarter-final replay . Liverpool manager Rodgers and Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer talk in the technical area . Ewood Park was sold out for the quarter-final replay after the initial tie at Anfield last month ended goalless . On the whole , his team were excellent . So , too , were the home crowd who have rather criminally been deprived of nights like this since their club 's ownership changed hands four-and-half years ago . Just as they did in the first game , Blackburn struggled for prolonged possession but still scared Liverpool at times . Jordan Rhodes , for example , should have scored with a header in the first half . Liverpool , for their part , lived on half chances . They are not fluent at the moment . They are in the last four , though . Had the goalkeeper taken better aim , it may have been different .