Ed Miliband last night repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees . Labour has previously confidently predicted that the Coalition 's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar , and the number of poor students going to university fall . But , in each case , the opposite has happened -- and last night the party 's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team . Scroll down for video . The Labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by Evan Davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved -- saying these facts were not what voters were talking about . Mr Miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , fees and crime . Mr Miliband replied : ` I do n't think that 's a judgment that people are going to make at the election . ' The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong since the election came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC 's Newsnight . The Labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by Mr Davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved -- saying these facts were not what voters were talking about . Mr Miliband also refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament , saying : ` The way you get credibility is not by picking out an arbitrary number in six years ' time . ' And he gave the strongest indication yet that Ed Balls would be Chancellor in a Labour-led government . Mr Davis brought up the subject of Mr Balls ' comment four years ago that it was ` fantasy ' to think Britain would get job growth with all the cuts being made in the public sector . He asked the Labour leader : ` What 's happened to jobs over the last five years ? ' Mr Miliband replied : ` What Ed Balls was doing was quoting what the Office of Budget Responsibility were saying , which is there 'd be a very , very big impact on public sector jobs , and there were deep questions about whether the private sector jobs could make up the shortfall . ' The Newsnight presenter challenged Mr Miliband on jobs , crimes and fees - but the Labour leader refused to admit he had got it wrong on each occasion . In the interview , Mr Miliband refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament . When Mr Davis said he wanted to ` focus on the number of jobs ' , Mr Miliband had to admit : ` The number of jobs has gone up , but you know , I 'm going to let people in this election make the judgment about whether that means the economy 's fixed or not . ' Mr Davis interjected : ` It 's gone up by two million , has n't it ? About a thousand a day . ' The presenter then moved on to crime ; quoting shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper who said earlier this Parliament that the cuts are ` risking public safety and the fight against crime ' . When asked what had happened to crime , Mr Miliband at first answered : ` Violent crime 's actually up . So there are worries about violent crime . And there are big questions about what 's going to happen to policing in the next parliament . ' Mr Davis then asked him twice : ` What 's happened to crime overall ? ' , forcing Mr Miliband to reply : ` You 're definitely right that there are a number of statistics that the Government cites to say everything 's fine in the country and everything 's doing well . Certain areas of crime have gone down ; certain areas of crime have gone up . But let 's go to the big argument of this election . ' Mr Miliband gave the strongest indication yet that Ed Balls would be Chancellor in a Labour-led government . Chuka Umunna said he believed one in seven company directors should be from ethnic minority backgrounds -- reflecting the population . The shadow business secretary told the London Evening Standard he would support an official target for boardroom diversity . During an LBC Radio phone-in he was asked if he would either stand as a candidate for Labour leader or London Mayor . He said he had ` no interest ' in being mayor . Pressed on the leadership , he replied : ` I 'm not getting into that conversation at all . ' The presenter interrupted him again to point out that the crime survey of England and Wales showed it was at its lowest level since 1981 . Mr Davis then moved on to the rise in tuition fees , quoting Chuka Umunna saying in 2010 : ` How can these proposals do other than deter people from poor backgrounds from going to university ? ' Mr Miliband said : ` What I know is that there are 12 times more people from advantaged , privileged backgrounds going to university than disadvantaged backgrounds . And that is n't good enough for me and the country . ' After the Labour leader declined twice to say what had actually happened to rates of enrolment from poorer students , Mr Davis told him the number had in fact increased by around a third . Mr Miliband replied : ` There are some more people going to university from different backgrounds . So the problem 's fixed is it ? ' Asked : ` The judgment that was made was wrong ? ' , he replied : ` No , it was n't wrong . It is n't good enough for me that you 're 12 times more likely to get to university from an advantaged compared to a disadvantaged background . ' Mr Davis asked : ` So on issues about jobs , crime , social mobility , comments , predictions made by people in your team turn out to have been wrong . These are important areas . ` These are not minor quibbles are they ? These are huge issues that have had a large part to play in the last five years . ' ■ Fuel duty would rise ` in line with inflation ' under Labour , climate change spokesman Caroline Flint said yesterday . The last Labour government introduced the fuel duty escalator which saw the price of a litre of unleaded petrol rise by RPI inflation plus one pence . However , under the Coalition it was frozen for a fifth year in succession , allowing the Chancellor to boast that motorists have had ' £ 10 off a tank with the Tories ' .