Just weeks after he controversially banned meat products from being sold at the Sydney Opera House during his upcoming shows there , Morrissey has once again weighed into Australian animal rights issues . The singer , who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May , has written a public letter to The Just Group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool . The Australian retail giant , who own Just Jeans , Portmans , Dotti , Peter Alexander , Jacqui E , and Jay Jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur . Warning : graphic content . New campaign : Morrissey has written a letter to Australian retailer The Just Group imploring them to stop the use of angora wool . Brutal : PETA have successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers to stop selling angora wool after revealing the horrific treatment of rabbits at Chinese angora farms . PETA Australia has been petitioning The Just Group to reconsider their position after successfully getting other retailers , including David Jones , Myer , Sportsgirl , General Pants Co , and Jeanswest , to stop selling angora . ` I 'm looking forward to my concerts at the Sydney Opera House in May , but I was extremely dismayed to learn from my friends at PETA Australia that The Just Group refuse to modernise and drop angora wool from their clothing lines ' , Morrissey writes . ` By selling angora wool , you 're sending the message to millions of shoppers that your company condone the barbaric abuse and slaughter of rabbits and are willing to perpetuate it . ' Refusal : The Just Group , who own Just Jeans , Portmans , Dotti , Peter Alexander , Jacqui E , and Jay Jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur . Stance : The retailer has previously issued a statement on the controversy , simply saying : ` Although we are not able to join the pledge sought , I want to thank you for your interest in our group ' The singer , 55 , added that he would post petitions for concertgoers to sign at information booths throughout the Opera House if the company did not reverse their decision . Globally , major fashion chains including Zara , h & m , & & Spencer , and Gap have all pledged to not use the fur in recent years after PETA outed the heartbreaking conditions of angora rabbits . The organisation revealed the treatment of rabbits on angora farms in China , where workers rip the fur from live rabbits ' skin . PETA alleges that the rabbits ` scream in pain ' during the process . The Just Group are yet to respond to Daily Mail Australia 's request for comment , however a spokesperson has previously responded to PETA with the statement : ` Although we are not able to join the pledge sought , I want to thank you for your interest in our group . ' In February , Morrissey made headline when he ordered all food and bar outlets linked to the Opera House 's Concert Hall remove meat products from their menus for the duration of his residency . Additionally , the former Smiths singer , who has been a non-meat eater since the age of 11 , ordered that only vegetarian food be served backstage at the venue . Protest : Morrissey , 55 , pledged to set up petition booths for attendees at his Sydney concerts to sign if The Just Group do not comply . The Irish-born star , who says he sees ` no difference ' between eating animals and paedophilia , they are both rape , violence , murder , - will take to the stage during the festival of light and music on the 26th , 27th , 30th and 31st of May . Morrissey has never been shy about his views on meat eaters and has categorically said ` If I 'm introduced to anyone who eats beings , I walk away . ' He briefly walked off-stage at Coachella in 2009 , complaining about the smell from the nearby food concession area , saying ` The smell of burning animals is making me sick ' . Last month he banned burgers and hot dogs from Belfast 's the Odyssey Arena for his performance . And he recently ditched a scheduled concert in Iceland when the venue refused to grant his no meat requests the night of his gig . In concert : The Irish-born musician has also banned the sale of meat products at the Opera House for the duration of his residency for the Vivid festival in May . Last year , during a q & a session on his fan site , True To You , he replied to a groupie 's question saying : ` I see no difference between eating animals and paedophilia ... ` Imagine , for example , if you were in a nightclub and someone said to you `` Hello , I enjoy bloodshed , throat-slitting and the destruction of life , '' well , I doubt if you 'd want to exchange phone numbers . ' In another post , he wrote of TV chef Jamie Oliver : ` If Jamie ` Orrible is so certain that flesh-food is tasty then why does n't he stick one of his children in a microwave ? ' The animal activist is equally known for his outspoken political views and hatred of the British monarchy . He once said in an outspoken interview in 1984 of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher : ` She is only one person . She can be destroyed . It is the only remedy for this country at the moment . ' British police responded by searching Morrissey 's home and carrying out an official investigation . Daily Mail Australia have contacted The Just Group for comment .