Floyd Mayweather 's spending habits are well known but his car dealer has revealed that the boxer bizarrely rang him at 3 am to order a Bugatti - insisting the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours . The £ 1.5 million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later , and was added to his collection of impressive motors . Obi Okeke , who owns Fusion Luxury Motors , was interviewed on the video on Mayweather 's Facebook page and spoke about the very late phone call he received . Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3 am to order a £ 1.5 million Bugatti to be delivered in 12 hours . Obi Okele , the owner of Fusion Luxury Motors , was given the task of getting Mayweather the Bugatti . He said : ` The most challenging thing I 've ever done for Floyd is when he called me at three o'clock in the morning and said , Obi , I want a Bugatti and I want one in my driveway in 12 hours . ` I then showered , went into my office , did some work and hopped on a plane and got the car , in his driveway , in 11 hours and that makes me a better person , it makes me work harder , it makes me not limit myself , so those are the things that rub off on me from him . ' It 's not the only request that Okele has had to deal with from Mayweather 's extravagant demands , as the fighter once turned up at the dealership at 2 am - walking out with a Ferrari Enzo . ` I got a call from overseas in the Middle East that there was a US-spec Enzo for sale , so I hopped on a plane and flew to Abu Dhabi . I then transacted the car and put it in a Boeing 777 passenger plane and flew it out of Abu Dhabi . ` So Floyd came to the dealership and he kept coming and looking at the car . Then he came in one night around two in the morning and said , `` Obi , I wan na buy two Ferrari 458s , '' and that 's what he said . ` Then I said OK , then he pauses for a minute and goes , `` Obi , I 'm not going to buy them 458s , I want to buy that Enzo and I want to buy it now . Lets go . '' ' Mayweather 's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao is just three weeks away and the undefeated champion continues to work in the gym and keep his impressive record intact . This Bugatti is similar to the one Mayweather purchased at 3 am and is worth an estimated £ 1.5 million . The interior of the super-car is in pristine condition and is one of a number of Bugatti 's Mayweather owns .