Bayern 's shock 3-1 defeat by Porto may not have gone down well in Munich but in Manchester -- the blue half at least -- it will have been a different story . Pep Guardiola , whose side were outplayed in Portugal on Wednesday , remains Manchester City 's first choice to replace under-fire Manuel Pellegrini . He has a year remaining on his contract in Germany but a quarter-final Champions League exit , which now seems like a real possibility , could help persuade his employers let him go this summer . Pep Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 against Porto on Wednesday night in Portugal . Guardiola is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with two of Manchester City 's executives . Guardiola , whose side were outplayed in Portugal , remains Manchester City 's first choice to become manager . Manuel Pellegrini has been under pressure lately as his side fell out of the race for the Premier League title . As a player -LRB- defensive midfielder -RRB- . 1990 -- 1992 : Barcelona B -LRB- 59 apps , 5 goals -RRB- . 1990 -- 2001 : Barcelona -LRB- 263 , 6 -RRB- . 2001 -- 2002 : Brescia -LRB- 11 , 2 -RRB- . 2002 -- 2003 : Roma -LRB- 4 , 0 -RRB- . 2003 Brescia -LRB- 13 , 1 -RRB- . 2003 -- 2005 : Al-Ahli -LRB- 18 , 2 -RRB- . 2005 -- 2006 : Dorados -LRB- 10 , 1 -RRB- . For the national team . 1991 Spain U21 -LRB- 2 caps , 0 goals -RRB- . 1991 -- 1992 : Spain U23 -LRB- 12 , 2 -RRB- . 1992 -- 2001 : Spain -LRB- 47 , 5 -RRB- . 1995 -- 2005 : Catalonia -LRB- 7 , 0 -RRB- . Teams managed . 2007 -- 2008 : Barcelona B . 2008 -- 2012 : Barcelona . 2013 -- NOW : Bayern Munich . That would work for City . While current manager Pellegrini has a year remaining on his own deal , he has come in for fierce criticism following the stunning collapse of City 's Premier League title defence and appears to be waiting for the knockout punch to land . But is Guardiola the right man for the job ? The boy from Barcelona is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with City 's executive pair Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain , with whom he worked during a glittering stint at the Nou Camp , and his desire to play attractive , attacking football . However , City 's Abu Dhabi owners famously crave Champions League progression and , based on recent evidence , there may be some doubt as to whether Guardiola can deliver that . The 44-year-old 's early record in the competition is stunning , lifting the trophy two times in three years - although he will not inherit a team featuring the likes of Xavi , Andres Iniesta and Lionel Messi in Manchester . And a glimpse at his away record in the knockout stages of the competition might suggest all is not as it seems . In 17 matches on the road in Europe , Guardiola 's teams have won just four times , drawing eight and losing five . He has never exited before the semi-final stage but has twice bowed out to teams deemed inferior . Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan in 2010 and Roberto Di Matteo 's Chelsea in 2012 would both go on to win the tournament but both were rightly seen as no match for the Catalans before the ties kicked off . Guardiola has a year remaining on his contract but a quarter-final Champions League exit could be a problem . Pellegrini looks set to lose out on the Premier League title and is fighting to qualify for the Champions League . As a player . Barcelona B : Segunda Division B . Barcelona : La Liga -LRB- 6 -RRB- , Copa del Rey -LRB- 2 -RRB- , Supercopa de Espana -LRB- 4 -RRB- , European Cup , UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , UEFA Super Cup -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Spain : Olympic Gold Medal . As a manager . Barcelona B : Tercera Division . Barcelona : La Liga -LRB- 3 -RRB- , Copa del Rey -LRB- 2 -RRB- , Supercopa de Espana -LRB- 3 -RRB- , Champions League -LRB- 2 -RRB- , UEFA Super Cup -LRB- 2 -RRB- , FIFA Club World Cup -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Bayern Munich : Bundesliga , German Cup , UEFA Super Cup , FIFA Club World Cup . At Bayern , where he pitched up after a year 's sabbatical in 2013 , the European adventures have been no better . In his first season they saw off a sleepwalking Arsenal side and David Moyes 's comatose United before Real Madrid crushed them 5-0 on aggregate including that seismic 4-0 thumping at the Allianz Arena . On Wednesday , another away day defeat left Guardiola on the brink of his earliest exit yet . There may have been mitigation , with the likes of Arjen Robben , Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery missing but odds of 4-1 for a home win suggested the scale of the offence . Bayern may well turn it around next week and many would hail it as the latest of Guardiola 's achievements - and there are many . In his first season at the Nou Camp , where he went from ball boy to legend , Barcelona won every competition they competed in . He lifted 14 trophies during his stint with his hometown club but when he left , while there was plenty of sadness , few did not believe it was the right decision with nemesis Mourinho polishing a first La Liga trophy in four years at the Bernabeu . At Bayern , he lifted the Bundesliga in his first season on a playing field about as level as the nearby Alps and looks set to do so again but will that be enough ? Guardiola gives instructions to Bayern Munich 's Thomas Muller during their Champions League defeat . Guardiola 's teams have won just four times , drawing eight and losing five , in 17 matches away in Europe . If Bayern were to turn it around next week then it would be up there with Guardiola 's best achievements . Would Jurgen Klopp , used to grinding out results with less talent at his disposal and suddenly available , be a better candidate ? It is unlikely the powers that be at City will think so as , playing style aside , there are other reasons why Guardiola is the preferred choice . As he 's shown more than once , Guardiola is not afraid to move big , ageing names on , something that would be music to the ears of the Etihad faithful . At the Nou Camp he showed the likes of Samuel Eto'o , Zlatan Ibrahimovic and none other than a certain Yaya Toure the door . His belief that reputations count for nothing , shared by another manager currently plying his trade in Manchester , could be just what City need . Jurgen Klopp is another who has been linked with a move to the Premier League . The Borussia Dortmund manager confirmed he will be leaving the German club at the end of the season .