The nation may be waiting on tenterhooks for the new royal baby , but the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have apparently been taking parenthood second time round in their stride . Both William and Kate , whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow , have been seen out on shopping trips this week . On Monday , the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store , Zara Home , in Kensington High Street , a short hop from her apartment at Kensington Palace . Both William and Kate , whose second child is due tomorrow , have been seen out on shopping trips this week . Mulberry double breasted pink coat . Sold out ! Click to check out the current collection ! Visit site . On her last day of Royal engagements just weeks ago , the Duchess really went out in style . She joined her husband in London and of course she looked as elegant as ever . And if you wanted a hint as to whether she 's expecting a prince or princess , you 've got a clear clue ! She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry -LRB- whose newest model is none other than Cressida Bonas ! -RRB- . We love the double breasted style and this gorgeous shade of fuchsia is perfect to add a pop of color to your new season wardrobe . If you thought the pink coat trend was so last year then think again . Thanks to labels like Burberry Prorsum and Gucci it 's back stronger than ever . Of course , this autumn/winter 2014 collection topper is now all sold out , but click -LRB- right -RRB- to check out the Mulberry coats currently available to buy . Alternatively , we 've found plenty of pink options on the virtual high street to help you make like Kate , ranging in price from Missguided to Rag & Bone . Kate Spade scalloped coat at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . Isaac Mizrahi double breasted trench on sale for $ 67.48 . Visit site . Viyella pink coat at House of Fraser -LRB- now reduced to $ 151.63 -RRB- . Visit site . Rag & Bone devoe cotton coat at MyTheresa . Visit site . According to people.com Kate , 33 , snapped up a basket full of nick-nacks during her low-key 45-minute visit , as well as some items for Prince George - and possibly the new baby too . Dressed in a white and green patterned top , jeans and a pair of high-heeled wedges - despite being in the latter stages of her pregnancy - she bought some salad servers , a plain door mat and nautical blue bath towels . In the childrens ' department , Kate bought Prince George a few gifts , including a set of padded blue and white gingham hangers , some picnic cutlery and tumblers with polka dots . She also browsed some white baskets that could have been for the new nursery . Apparently they are one of the stores best sellers . Fellow shoppers apparently looked on in astonishment as she queued and paid for her purchases before heading back off down the High Street . On Wednesday her husband , Prince William , was spotted in Chelsea department store Peter Jones , where he snapped up £ 800 of men 's clothing including trendy jeans and jumpers -- clearly keen to take his mind off the wait too .