The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game . Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions . Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams . Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece . White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each , while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine . Mass brawl : Chicago White Sox 's Jeff Samardzija -LRB- center -RRB- in the brawl with Kansas City Royals players during the seventh inning of Thursday 's game . Smardzija and five others have been suspended as a result . All-in : Each player ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing , shoving and a few punches . Several punches were thrown and Kansas City 's Ventura , Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were ejected along with Chicago 's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija -LRB- pictured going down -RRB- . The Royals have not said whether they plan to appeal their punishments , which would begin with Sunday 's series finale because of a rainout Saturday . Sale and Samardzija plan to appeal . ` I think everybody had some elements of their behavior over the course of that incident on both sides that they wish they handled differently , ' White Sox general manager Rick Hahn said during a conference call Saturday . ` Respect the fact that our players stood up and took responsibility for their actions and expressed remorse over those things they wish had been handled better . ` It is something that happens from time to time , ' Hahn added . ` It 's part of the game . ' It 's a costly part of the game , though . Along with the suspensions , Hahn said reliever Matt Albers fractured a finger on his throwing hand in the melee and will go on the disabled list . Meanwhile , Herrera is already awaiting an appeal on a five-game suspension that was handed down after he threw a pitch behind Oakland third baseman Brett Lawrie during a series last weekend . Ventura was fined for hitting Lawrie with a 99 mph fastball during the same series . ` We understand that Major League Baseball has to do what they think is fair in situations like this , ' Royals manager Ned Yost said in a team statement . ` Now , we just have to wait for the appeals process to play out . ' Suspended : Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura -LRB- left -RRB- was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter Edinson Volquez -LRB- right -RRB- given five games . Punished : Both outfielder Lorenzo Cain -LRB- left -RRB- and reliever Kelvin Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- were suspended for two games . White Sox : White Sox pitchers Chris Sale -LRB- left -RRB- and Jeff Samardzija -LRB- right -RRB- were suspended five games each . Tensions between the Royals and White Sox had been building since the opening series of the season , when the teams combined to hit six batters . Two more were plunked early Thursday night when Ventura hit Jose Abreu in the fourth inning and Sale hit Mike Moustakas in the fifth . The simmering anger finally boiled over in the seventh , when Ventura snagged a grounder from Chicago outfielder Adam Eaton and the two exchanged words before Eaton was thrown out at first . Eaton had to be restrained from Ventura , who was ejected from his second straight start . ` It was a messy situation , ' Ventura said through a translator . Players from both dugouts and bullpens then ran onto the field . Volquez whiffed throwing a haymaker , and several other players threw punches in a fight that lasted several minutes . ` There are real negative repercussions of this , ' Hahn said . ' After he was thrown from the game , Sale went to the Royals clubhouse and was seen pounding on the door . While nothing more transpired , Hahn said he spoke to his star pitcher about it Friday . ` It was a private conversation , ' Hahn said . ` We certainly understand where Chris was coming from in terms of the emotion involved in the moment and what he was hoping to accomplish , and at the same time realizing that perhaps there was a better way to handle these things going forward . ' Five players ultimately were ejected from Thursday night 's game , which the Royals won in 13 innings . Among them was Cain , who has been hit by pitches four times this season . Moustakas and teammate Alex Gordon have been hit an AL-leading five times apiece , and the Royals have been hit 17 times as a team - tied with Texas for the league lead entering the day . Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight after the seventh inning of Thursday 's game at Chicago 's U.S. Cellular Field , Illinois . ` This game 's emotional and it seems to follow them around , ' said White Sox manager Robin Ventura , who famously charged the mound and was pummeled by the Rangers ' Nolan Ryan during a game in 1993 . ` Everybody gets emotional and reacts to things and that 's what happened . ' The Royals are starting to earn a fighting reputation . Along with their two series with the White Sox and a tense three-game set in Oakland , Ventura got into a heated argument with Angels slugger Mike Trout during a series in Los Angeles . While acknowledging that the Royals must do a better job of containing their emotions , Yost insisted that his club has rarely been the instigator in a string of testy situations . ` Hopefully it 's all behind us , ' he said Thursday night , ` and we can move forward . ' The teams played eight innings Friday night without incident , but the rest of the game was postponed due to rain with the score 2-2 . It was supposed to resume Saturday , but more rain in Chicago means that it will now resume Sunday with the Royals batting in the top of the ninth . John Danks is scheduled to start for the White Sox in the second game Sunday , while fellow left-hander Jason Vargas is expected to go for the Royals . No makeup date was announced for Saturday 's game .