The majority of heatwaves and almost a fifth of extreme rain storms can be blamed on human activity , a new study has warned . Researchers say that three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18 per cent of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming that has occurred due to man-made emissions . They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades , humans will become responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events . Researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather and 18 % of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions . They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 % of extreme rainfall events -LRB- floods in Somerset in 2014 are shown -RRB- . The scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence . Dr Erich Fischer , from the institute for atmospheric and climate science at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich who led the study , said : ` Climate change includes not only changes in mean climate but also in weather extremes . Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880 , according to scientists . Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8 ° c -LRB- 1.4 ° f -RRB- above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years . The Met Office has already announced that 2014 was the hottest year for the UK in records dating back to 1910 . Scientists have also warned that 2015 could be warmer still . Earlier this month they revealed that the Earth experienced its hottest month of March since record-keeping began in 1880 . The first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks . Last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 ° f -LRB- 13.6 ° c -RRB- , which is 1.5 ° f -LRB- 0.85 ° c -RRB- above the average for the 20th century . Also of concern was the finding that Arctic sea ice was the lowest on record for March . Much of the most abnormal heat has been in the Pacific Ocean and places near it . Seven western U.S. states set records for their hottest first three months of the year , while New York and Vermont set records for the coldest start of a year . Asia , Europe , Africa and Australia have also all been warmer than normal . Blunden blames the record heat on a combination of El Niño , a blob of record hot water in the Northeast Pacific Ocean and human-caused climate change . ` With every degree of warming it is the rarest and the most extreme events and thereby the ones with typically the highest socio-economic impacts for which the largest fraction is due to human-induced greenhouse gas emissions . ` We show that at the present-day warming of 0.85 ° c about 18 per cent of the moderate daily precipitation extremes over land are attributable to the observed temperature increase since pre-industrial times , which in turn primarily results from human influence . ` For 2 ° c of warming the fraction of precipitation extremes attributable to human influence rises to about 40 per cent . ` Likewise , today about 75 per cent of the moderate daily hot extremes over land are attributable to warming . ' The researchers , whose work is published in the journal Nature Climate Change , examined the probability that heatwaves and heavy rainfall events could be attributed to humans using 25 climate models . The models examined the weather between 1901 and 2005 using historical simulations . They analysed daily temperatures and daily rainfall totals from climate models and looked for events that would be expected to occur once in 1,000 days in an unperturbed climate - referred to as moderate daily extremes . They then used the models to look at predictions of extreme weather between 2006 and 2100 under an emissions scenario that is expected to lead to 2 ° c of warming around the world . While attributing individual extreme weather events such as hurricanes , floods and heatwaves to climate change is notoriously difficult , climate scientists have predicted they will become more common as the world warms . Dr Fischer and his colleague Professor Reto Knutti , also based at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , said taking a more global perspective made it easier to examine the role that human activity was having on such events . They say their research demonstrated a strong signal for human influence in the extreme weather that is having impacts around the world today . They found that the longer the period of the event - such as a heatwave , the greater the fraction is attributable to global warming . The graphic above shows where the change in the probability of heavy precipitation and heatwaves compared to the pre-industrial period . If global temperatures increase as predicted , as a result of climate change , this becomes more pronounced , explained the researchers . California is in the grip of its worst drought on record , causing lake beds to dry up -LRB- as above -RRB- . Around three quarters of heatwaves can now be attributed to human activity and it is likely to worsen as the climate warms . Dr Fischer said : ` A warmer and moister atmosphere does clearly favour more frequent hot and wet extremes . ' Professor Peter Stott , a scientist at the Met Office 's Hadley Centre in the UK , pointed to the extreme weather that has happened in the past year - one of the warmest on record . He said Bangladesh was hit by flooding in 2014 , Australia suffered heatwaves and Kenya was battered by downpours . California , for example , is in the grip of one of the most severe droughts on record . He added that human-caused climate change had ` loaded the dice ' in favour of heatwaves like the one that hit Europe in 2003 and the flooding that hit the UK in autumn 2000 . The models examined weather between 1901 and 2005 using historical simulations . They analysed daily temperatures and daily rainfall totals from climate models and looked for events that would be expected to occur once in 1,000 days in an unperturbed climate . Extreme rainfall is pictured in London . Writing in the journal , Professor Stott said : ` As each year goes by , evidence continues to accumulate that our climate is changing and that human influence plays a dominant role in observed warming . ` The prevalence of extremely hot temperatures is expected to increase with warming and more moisture in the atmosphere leads to a tendency towards more extreme rainfall events , changes that have been detected in the observational record . ` But what has been lacking up to now is a robust calculation of how much more likely extreme temperatures and rainfall have become worldwide . ` The idea that in a two-degree world almost half of heavy rainfall events would not have occurred were it not for climate change is a sobering thought for policymakers seeking to mitigate and adapt to climate change . '