Just went you thought it was warm enough to go into the water ... Killer seals have been spotted off the British coast . On four separate occasions , grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed . Scroll down for video . The footage -LRB- pictured -RRB- backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat . And that far from scavenging on dead animals , they attack healthy creatures . Video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey , as the water all around turns bloody . Although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around Britain . And with porpoises similar in size to grown men , it raises concerns that swimmers could be next . Tom Stringell , an ecologist for the Welsh environment agency , said that while people should n't panic , they should keep their distance from seals , on land and in the water . The footage , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of Pembrokeshire . Dafydd Rees , who made the recording , said : ` I 've been working on this stretch of the coast but have never seen anything like it before . The footage -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of Wales . Ferocious : Scientists said the seals may have developed a taste for porpoises after sampling some caught in fishing nets -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- and warned that people could be next . ` It was really surprising to see . ' Grey seals are known for being playful and friendly . Found all around Britain 's coastline , they can grow to 40 stone but normally feed on fish no bigger than salmon . However , they have recently been blamed for attacks on porpoises on the continent . Recent Dutch research concluded that hundreds of the dead porpoises bore the tell-tale marks of a seal attack . The study said that the seals seemed to have a particular penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat . The seals , which are normally prey for great white sharks , have been seen attacking and killing medium-sized blue sharks -LRB- pictured -RRB- . While most people will be familiar with images of seals being violently smashed out of the water snatched in the jaws of a shark , it appears some are exacting their revenge on the ocean predators . Scientists have reported multiple cases of cape fur seals attacking blue sharks off the coast of South Africa . The seals , which are normally prey for great white sharks , have been seen attacking and killing medium-sized blue sharks , devouring their guts before leaving the rest of the carcass . Divers also report seeing the fur seals attacking other species of shark and rays . The behaviour has left marine biologists baffled as to why the seals , which normally hunt smaller fish , have turned to attacking the torpedo-shaped sharks . The blue sharks are around the same size as the seals and it is thought to be the first time a seal has been seen preying on such a large predator . It was first observed by marine photographer Chris Fallows , who runs a dive boat operation from Cape Town in South Africa . And that far from scavenging on already dead animals , they were attacking healthy creatures . The Utrecht University researchers said the seals may have developed a taste for porpoises after sampling some caught in fishing nets . And with many of the mutilated carcasses washing up on beaches popular with swimmers , they warned people could be next . Although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around Britain -LRB- Pembrokeshire marked -RRB- . They said : ` Keep on swimming and enjoying nature . However , people should be aware that the largest predator in our countries is the grey seal . ` These animals may reach 40 stone , are related to bears and have the teeth to go with that lineage . ` In the water , they are much more able than the most agile human swimmers and they have made the switch from eating fish to hunting porpoises , another mammal . ` To date , there have been no reports of serious attacks or wounds inflicted , but some people have been bitten by inquisitive or provoked seals . ` The advice would thus be to be aware that seals are not out there to cuddle and to keep some distance . ' Dr Stringell , who has done his own research for Natural Resources Wales , said that despite reports of seals eating porpoises off the coast of Belgium , France and the Netherlands , he was surprised to discover it happening here . He said : ` We observed this happening on four separate occasions off the coast of Pembrokeshire . ` But it is unclear how long this has been going on for , and why . ' Natural Resources Wales said that growing seal numbers may mean there is increasing competition for food . Not such a gentle giant : Grey seals -LRB- stock image pictured -RRB- were known for being playful and friendly . Found all around Britain 's coastline , they can grow to 40 stone but normally feed on fish no bigger than salmon . Bloodthirsty : Experts have warned that seals are ` not out there to cuddle and advise to keep some distance . Alternatively , the attacks may be an example of ` opportunistic hunting ' -- with porpoises too close for hungry seals to ignore . Dr Stringell , a senior marine mammal ecologist , said : ` Adult grey seals have also been known to attack , kill and eat juvenile grey seals , so this type of activity is n't totally surprising and is likely part of the natural cycle of life . ` Seals are unlikely to pose any direct danger to people . However , they are wild animals that possess sharp teeth and are a protected species , so they should not be approached on land or in the water , particularly during the autumn pupping season . ' This is not the first time the seal 's cuddly image has been tarnished . In November , it emerged that Antarctic fur seals had been raping king penguins . One penguin was then killed -- and eaten . Britain is home to up to 170,000 grey seals -- almost half the world 's population . At up to 8ft 6in long and weighing 40st , they are the biggest and most common of the two types of seal found in the UK and can live for up to 35 years . Their thick blubber and waterproof fur insulate them from the cold , while high levels of haemoglobin -- the part of red blood cells that carries oxygen around the body -- allow them to stay under water for up to 16 minutes at a time . The largest of Britain 's carnivores , they have highly sensitive whiskers and acute sense of hearing to help them locate food -- normally fish -- with even blind seals having no trouble catching prey . Once hunted for their skins , blubber and meat , seals were the first animals to be protected by modern wildlife laws . They can be shot under licence by fishermen if they are damaging nets .