A contestant on the South African version of Big Brother has been expelled from the show after being accused of raping a fellow housemate . Siyanda Ngwenya , known as Adams , allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying in the house in Johannesburg . The pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before the cameras moved away . Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman , whom MailOnline has chosen not to name . However , the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex . Expelled : Siyanda Ngwenya -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a contestant on the South African version of Big Brother , has been accused of ` sexual misconduct ' with a female housemate after drunken night of partying on the show . In a statement last night , Mzansi Magic , the channel which airs Big Brother , said : ` At this stage , it is not exactly clear what transpired between -LRB- the woman -RRB- and Adams . ` Having suspected that there may have been an incident of sexual misconduct , Mzansi Magic acted by removing both individuals from the house . ' The company said the alleged victim had been ` removed for her own well-being ' and that both contestants were receiving counselling , it was reported by IOL News . It is not yet known whether police have been called into investigate the alleged incident , which took place on Saturday night when alcohol is made freely available to the housemates . Intimate : The pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling before going to bed together where the alleged rape took place . Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman . All current contestants have been barred from speaking to the media . Some fans of the show have questioned the woman 's claims . Fan @LoazG tweeted : ` Okay , where are these rape allegations coming from now peeps , the misconduct by Adams was not revealed , so where is ths coming from ? ' Another , @RefilweMaingo , wrote : ` There was no rape . -LRB- the woman -RRB- n Adams had sex drunk . -LRB- The woman -RRB- woke up n said she forgot . ' Rumours on social media suggest the alleged victim has made a claim of rape at a police station , but this has not been confirmed .