A magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming the former head of child safety at Education Queensland who has been charged with child sex offences . The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March , when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago . Brett Anthony O'Connor 's lawyer , Phillip Mulherin , applied for a suppression order in the Tweed Heads Local Court on Monday . Brett Anthony O'Connor -LRB- pictured -RRB- has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial . Mr Mulherin argued that identifying his client would cause undue stress and embarrassment . Magistrate Michael Dakin refused the request after an ABC spokesperson made an application to the court for the case to remain open on behalf of the news organisations . However , according to the Gold Coast Bulletin , the magistrate did agree to suppress the details of the victims and any witnesses . The former child safety officer with Education Queensland has been charged with ten counts of sex offences . He has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 . Mr O'Connor has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 and six counts of assault involving sexual intercourse with a child under the age of 16 . Mr O'Connor , a former Catholic brother , was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago . Police allege the assaults occurred at schools in Hunters Hill in 1987 and Campbelltown in 1989 . Mr O'Connor , a former Catholic brother , was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago . Education Queensland suspended O'Connor from his job after he advised the department he 'd been charged . Education Queensland suspended O'Connor from his job after he advised the department he 'd been charged . The department said his role did not require direct contact with children . O'Connor left the court on Monday without commenting . The case was adjourned to the Campbelltown court on June 10 . The case was adjourned to the Campbelltown court on June 10 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .