Captain Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with ` a bit of a downer on ' after failing to force victory in the first Test against the West Indies . The tourists , chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012 , were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium , as well as a name-making century from all-rounder Jason Holder . In the end they could only muster five of the eight wickets they needed on day five as Holder 's unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven . Alastair Cook holds his head in his hands after the chance to take a crucial wicket goes begging in Antigua . Cook stands next to West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin as both sides settled for a draw in the first Test . Cook did everything in his power to force the issue , rotating his bowlers , tinkering with fields and leaving close catchers in place from first ball to last . But in the end he was deflated , with just three days before the second Test in Grenada . ` I think the whole dressing room has a bit of a downer on because we left everything on the pitch , as we had to do , ' he said . ` I would n't swap much of what we did on a pretty docile wicket , but credit to Holder because he soaked up a bit of pressure . ` I think you could start another Test match again on that wicket and it would last another five days . It did n't deteriorate at all but we came close to winning a Test match on it . Jason Holder hits a shot past cook on his way to his maiden Test century that earned his side a deserved draw . ` We threw everything at the West Indies , we played a pretty good Test match and came up just a little short . ` It was probably a points victory but we go to Grenada now . ' England are unlikely to get much more assistance from the deck in St George 's , though it could be more receptive to turn . That brings Moeen Ali into the equation , with the off-spinning all-rounder passed fit after an abdominal injury and linking up with the squad in Grenada . England will also be wary about over-burdening their seam bowlers in back to back Tests , but Cook was not ready to speculate on possible personnel changes . ` It 's very tough to say without seeing Grenada and the wicket , but Mo is flying out and we 'll see how he is , ' said Cook . Devon Smith drives a shot past Cook on his way to 65 runs in a patient 175-ball second innings . ` Obviously when you do 130 overs in the dirt you need to see how the guys pull up . ' England 's task now is find a way to bowl their opponents out twice on flat Caribbean surfaces , a question that was already occupying James Anderson on the day he became the country 's leading Test wicket-taker . ` For a fifth day pitch I 've not seen many flatter . You expect a bit of deterioration but there was nothing , ' said the seamer . ` I imagine that 's what we 'll get for the next two games too so we have to go away and think about ways to get 20 wickets in the next two games . ' For all England 's frustration , the West Indies will view the result as a morale boost . Captain Denesh Ramdin added : ` We have n't lost to England in Antigua before so it was nice to keep up that tradition . ` The draw will feel good , confidence is up and some of our batters have got good starts . ` So we regroup , come again and take it all to the next game . ' The England players leave the field frustrated after day five ends with West Indies having forced the draw .