Odds on the new royal baby being a girl have tumbled after a bookmaker revealed that 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child . The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter from Edinburgh placed a whopping £ 2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes . Betting on the new royal baby 's date of birth has also been hotting up , with the 18th , 19th and 20th April the most popular choices - even though the official due date is the 25th . Scroll down for video . A little princess ? The majority of punters are convinced that the Duchess will give birth to a girl . ` Money talks , and punters all over the UK are convinced Kate will give birth to a baby girl soon , ' comments Ladbrokes spokesman Jessica Bridge . ` It looks like the only people hoping for a boy are the bookies , and maybe Prince George . ' Despite there being more than a week to go until the 25th , royal fans have already begun staking their claim to spots outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary 's Hospital in Paddington . The world 's media are also expected to descend on London shortly , with media facilities at the hospital opening tomorrow . Names have also proved popular with betting fans , with Alice the current front runner for a princess , followed by Victoria . Both have a suitably regal pedigree , with Victoria boasting a particularly spectacular history and a string of titled owners . Getting ready : Preparations have begun at the Lindo Wing , with police warning of a ` special event ' Last engagements : The Duchess of Cambridge , seen here in Woolwich , has n't been seen since March . Take two : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge pictured with Prince George after his birth in 2013 . Most notable of those is the new baby 's five-times great grandmother Queen Victoria , who ruled at the height of the British Empire and gloried in the title of Empress of India as well as Queen . Her eldest daughter , the mother of the future Kaiser Wilhelm of Germany , was also called Victoria , as were an impressive 12 of Queen Victoria 's granddaughters . Another famous Victoria is Sweden 's Crown Princess Victoria , 37 , who will follow her 68-year-old father King Carl XVI Gustaf onto the Swedish throne . Alice , meanwhile , was bestowed on another of Queen Victoria 's daughters , Princess Alice Maud Marie , who went on to marry Louis IV , Grand Duke of Hesse . The couple had seven children , among them the doomed last Tsarina of Russia , Alexandra Fyodorovna , and Victoria , first Princess Louis of Battenburg and then Marchioness of Milford Haven . Pedigree : Contemporary royal Victorias include Sweden 's Crown Princess , pictured at her 2010 wedding . Princess Alice : Famous royal Alices include Prince Philip 's mother , Princess Alice of Greece and Denmark . Will it be James ? Along with seven British monarchs , James is also the name of the Duchess ' brother . Her daughter , also called Alice , produced the most famous of Alice of Hesse 's descendants - Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark , now the Duke of Edinburgh . Should the punters of Britain be wrong and the Duchess of Cambridge produce a second baby boy instead , favourites include James and Arthur . James , although boasting a royal pedigree the equal of Victoria , is also a Middleton stalwart and is the name of the Duchess ' 29-year-old brother . The moniker has also been used by two kings of Britain as a whole , James I and James II , and another five Scottish monarchs . Arthur , meanwhile , is derived from the Celtic Artorīgios which translates as ` bear king ' and has a pedigree that includes Britain 's most famous mythical king . Alice 3/1 . Elizabeth 5/1 . Charlotte 6/1 . Alexandra 8/1 . James 8/1 . Victoria 10/1 . Arthur 10/1 . Diana 12/1 . Henry 16/1 . Catherine 16/1 . Charles 16/1 . Thomas 16/1 . Phillip 20/1 . William 20/1 . Mary 20/1 . Albert 20/1 . Francis 20/1 . David 20/1 . Frances 25/1 . Alexander 25/1 . Spencer 25/1 . Eleanor 25/1 . Florence 25/1 . Margaret 25/1 . Michael 25/1 . Richard 25/1 . Rose 25/1 . Anne 25/1 . Sarah 25/1 . Louis 25/1 . Grace 25/1 . Peter 25/1 . Samuel 25/1 . Samantha 25/1 .