A 31-year-old British woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the Bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip . Louise Shepherd had been hiking through the remote Madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . Ms Shepherd , from Cobham , Surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones , both 30 . Tragedy : Louise Shepherd , 31 , from Cobham , Surrey , was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . Her grief-stricken parents , Peter and Christine Shepherd from Cobham , Surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday . Mrs Shepherd said : ` She lit up a room , everybody instantly liked her . ` We have been so moved by all the condolence cards from around the world . Ms Shepherd , from Surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world . ` She was a special person and touched a lot of people 's lives . She was the kindest person you could meet . ' Louise gained her first degree in business and marketing at the University of Westminster in 2006 . Ms Shepherd went onto obtain a masters degree at Kingston University in south-west London in museums , galleries and the creative economy , after which she took a position at the university 's alumni office . She formerly worked as a support worker for the disability and dyslexia support office . Hannah Shepherd said today that she herself was nearly killed at the same time as her sister . She said : ` It was like a tornado that hit us within seconds . We were told to run by the guides and heard a tree crack and then it fell . ` Louise was killed instantly as she was hit by the full force of the tree . She was my best friend . She had such charisma and was beautiful and good to everyone . ` People just gravitated towards her . She died as she was having the time of her life - and not many people can say that . ' One friend said in an online message : ` A parent 's worst nightmare , lovely girl . ' Ms Shepherd 's former colleagues have also paid their respects on the university 's website . One staff member said : ` She was a beautiful young lady inside and out , and always a pleasure to work with . ' Heartbreaking : Friends and family of the popular university graduate have been paying tribute to her today . Helen Trott , the department head she worked with at Kingston , said : ` Louise had a passion for life and love of people . She was a beautiful young lady . Our thoughts are with her friends and family at this sad time . ' The university has set up a book of condolences which , after being signed , will be handed to Ms Shepherd 's family . A Kingston University spokesman said : ` Louise was an invaluable member of the team and made a major contribution to developing relations with alumni across the world . ` She was one of those people who lit up the room wherever she was . Our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time . ' Staff and students are being invited to sign a book of condolence which has been opened at the university for people to make personal tributes in Louise 's memory .