The man accused of raping a woman in a Manhattan bar lived in a homeless shelter along with 13 other sex offenders located just one block from a special needs school . Rodney Stover , 48 , a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men 's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles , rapists , and other sex-offenders . The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $ 27,000 per year . Yesterday in court : Rodney Stover , 48 , was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack at a manhattan bar and also was convicted of rape in 1992 -LRB- right -RRB- . Bellevue Men 's Shelter residents : Pictured are 12 of the 13 known convicted sex offenders living at the Bellevue Men 's Shelter just one block from a school . 1 . Rolstone E. Browne , 45 : Convicted of having intercourse with an 8-year-old girl in Columbus , Ohio in 1994 . 2 . Ashley Pritchett : Convicted of attacking a 9-year-old girl in Virginia in 2003 . 3 . Daniel Valentin , 68 : Convicted of a sexual attack on a 6-year-old male relative in New York City . 4 . Ali Fareed , 59 : Convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl in New York City in 1989 . 5 . Edwin Rivera , 66 : Convicted of raping two teenage girls at knife point in New York City in 1972 . 6 . Clarence Gaitlin : Convicted of a rape and kidnapping in 1994 . 7 . Tyrone Benton : Convicted of first-degree rape of a woman and sodomy in 1981 . 8 . Leo White , 66 : Convicted of raping a 24-year-old girl at knifepoint in 1979 . 9 . Hopton Dacus , 37 : Convicted of sex abuse in New York City in 1998 . 10 . Mark Battle , 43 : Convicted of sexually attacking a 27-year-old in New York City in 2011 . 11 . Walter Walker , 61 : Convicted of rape against a woman in New York City in 1988 . 12 . James Lydom , 40 : Convicted of a knife point sex attack in Massachusetts in 1996 . 13 . Shelton Burton , 57 -LRB- not pictured -RRB- : Convicted of forcibly touching a 44-year-old woman in New York in 2011 . 14 . Randy Stover , 48 : Convicted of raping and sodomizing a woman he did not know in 1992 . ` I always see these men drinking alcohol and smoking and sleeping on the park benches . It 's an infestation , ' resident Erika Halcin , 36 , told the New York Post on Thursday . ` I pray to God they close that shelter , ' she said . ` They are so nasty and they scare all the children . I do n't want to think about what might happen to one of these kids , ' she added . Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six . Stover , who was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street , is a convicted sex offender . One block from a school : The men 's shelter filled with convicted sex offenders is just one block from The Churchill School for special needs children . Shelter : : Bellevue Men 's Shelter houses at least 14 convicted sex offenders and is one block from a school . Stover was arrested on rape charges in 1992 in Southampton for raping and sodomizing a 42-year-old stranger after overpowering and threatening her with a sharp object . He was released in July 2012 and then found himself in the shelter . The New York Post reports that the shelter houses more than double the amount of sex offenders at the Charles Gay Family Center on Wards Island , where just six registered sex offenders reside . Other residents of Bellevue said the shelter has lots of problems . ` This is a f -- ked-up building , ' one older resident told the New York Post . ` We got crackheads , killers and all kinds of convicts in here . ' A maintenance worker said most of the men just know how to live in a prison . ` The guys who live in here come from hard times . They have had a hard life . A lot of what these guys know is just how to do time in a penitentiary . ' ` I do n't make eye contact with these men , ' he told the New York Post . ` He kept his head down and did n't talk to nobody . It 's a shame that it takes a woman getting raped to get any acknowledgment of the shelter , ' said a resident who recognized a photograph on Stover . ` He 's one of a thousand guys with problems at this shelter , ' he said . Turnmill 's bathroom is in the basement , which is distanced from the busy main floor of the Gramercy Park sports bar . A spokesperson at the Department of Homeless Services told the New York Post that she could not confirm the address for any of the 13 offenders and said that if any of them moved , the DHS would not tell the registry . ` By law it 's the individual who is supposed to alert the registry , ' Parikh said . Sex Offender Stover was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized by a bartender as he walked by the establishment . Stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a Long Island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . When the 23-year-old victim had entered the Turnmill bar bathroom at about 7.50 pm on Saturday , her attacker , thought to be Stover , was hiding in another stall . The ex-convict reportedly grabbed the woman by the neck and said , ` I 'm going to rape you . Be quiet , ' and groped and licked her body , sources said . He allegedly ripped off the woman 's pants and began raping her , but fled after he realized he could n't sustain an erection , sources said . The victim ran out of the bathroom and told her boyfriend what happened . He then reported the attack .