A doctor has told the inquest into the death of a young boy who apparently died from injuries sustained while paddle boarding , that the child had been ` caned or whipped ' before he died . Two-year-old Darcy Atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died on December 7 , 2012 . The toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend Adam Taylor when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics , before being airlifted to Sydney 's Westmead Children 's Hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath . At the second day of a coronial inquest into the toddler 's death , Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the Darcy suffered came from a paddle board , as the boy 's mother Tara Rae-Maxwell had previously claimed . Darcy Atkinson , two , died of brain injuries in December 2012 . He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died . Dr Wilkins described the injuries the toddler sustained as ` tram-line marks ' , and said he had only ever seen them inflicted on a child , News Corp reported . Darcy was covered in the lines , usually sustained from being caned or whipped , and had bad bruising around his ears which appeared to be infected , Dr Wilkins said . ` There is no doubt in my mind ... that Darcy had been assaulted physically at some stage in the day before he presented , ' he told the court . ` In my opinion this child has been caned or whipped , ' Dr Wilkins said , adding he had seen similar marks on a child in a landmark case where the toddler was beaten to death , about 20 years ago . The clinical consultant also noted that he notified the hospital 's child protection unit soon after Darcy presented . Darcy 's father , who was living in Victoria at the time of his son 's death , broke down in the dock as his son 's horrific injuries were described , according to News Corp. . Earlier in the inquest it was revealed that the toddler was covered in bruises by the time he got to hospital , and traces of the stimulant Ritalin were found in his system . The toddler was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics before being airlifted to Sydney 's Westmead Children 's Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath under his mother 's boyfriend Adam Taylor 's care . ` We need to call an ambulance because this is n't normal , ' Mr Taylor was urged by his flatmate , Nicole Warne , Glebe Coroners Court was told on Monday . The boy , described by his father Peter Atkinson as smart and proud , had earlier been paddle boarding with Mr Taylor , the inquest was told . This is despite his mother Tara Rae-Maxwell claiming her son was ` petrified ' of water , News Corp reports . He 'd experienced difficulty returning to daycare after a week-long holiday and was instead put in Mr Taylor 's care after telling his mother Tara Rae-Maxwell he did n't want to go to school . While on the board , Darcy had fallen back and bumped his head , Mr Taylor is alleged to have written in a text to Ms Rae-Maxwell . Mr Taylor then took Darcy to the home he shared with housemate Ms Warne for a swim . Darcy seemed fine , Ms Warne told the inquest , but he twice vomited while near the pool . Both adults became concerned when he again threw up , this time an alarming chunky-white mixture . They took Darcy to a bathroom and ran a bath to warm the boy but his body became stiff . ` That 's when Adam started to panic , ' Ms Warne said . The Glebe Coroners Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard that the usually bright and assertive young boy had become lethargic and lost patches of hair in the days before his death . Darcy , she said , was making loud , deep , gargling sounds but could n't speak . The usually bright and assertive young boy had become lethargic and lost patches of hair in the days before his death , the court heard . When he died he had bruising on his ears , temple and limbs and traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system . After informing Ms Rae-Maxwell Darcy had bumped his head , Mr Taylor allegedly sent her a photo of the boy . ` Adam sent me pictures all the time of Darcy when he had him , ' Ms Rae-Maxwell said . But she repeatedly denied receiving the photo that day and it has never been located by investigators . Deputy State Coroner Hugh Dillon questioned how a mother who posted so many Facebook photos of her son could n't locate the image . ` I know it sounds ridiculous . I 've been through so many phones , ' she said . The inquest continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .