Enemy drones have become a major threat on the battlefield , and the UU Navy hopes a roof mounted laser could be the answer . Its Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program , commonly referred to as GBAD , allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target . Once drones are spotted , it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser . Scroll down for video . The system will be able to spot and track drones , then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser . ` We 're confident we can bring together all of these pieces in a package that 's small enough to be carried on light tactical vehicles and powerful enough to counter these threats , ' said Brig. Gen. Kevin Killea , vice chief of naval research and commanding general , the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory . The GBAD system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle . The navy hopes the system will provide an affordable alternative to traditional firepower to keep enemy unmanned aerial vehicles -LRB- UAVs -RRB- from tracking and targeting Marines on the ground . ` We can expect that our adversaries will increasingly use UAVs and our expeditionary forces must deal with that rising threat , ' said Col. William Zamagni , acting head of ONR 's Expeditionary Maneuver Warfare and Combating Terrorism Department . Some of the system 's components already have been used in tests to detect and track UAVs of all sizes . Later in the year , researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kW laser as a stepping stone to a 30kW laser . ` GBAD gives the Marine Corps a capability to counter the UAV threat efficiently , sustainably and organically with austere expeditionary forces . ` GBAD employed in a counter UAV role is just the beginning of its use and opens myriad other possibilities for future expeditionary forces . ' Some of the system 's components already have been used in tests to detect and track UAVs of all sizes . Later in the year , researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kW laser as a stepping stone to a 30kW laser . The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016 , when the program will begin more complex trials to ensure a seamless process from detection and tracking to firing , all from mobile tactical vehicles . Spotter vehicles and a control car will allow the system to operate anywhere .