Brendan Rodgers has launched an impassioned defence of his abilities , insisting there is nobody better equipped to manage Liverpool under the Fenway Sports Group model . It has been a difficult week for Rodgers , with the meek manner of last Sunday 's 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final ensuring his position has come under scrutiny like at no point during his three-year reign at the club . FSG , Liverpool 's owners , maintain Rodgers ' job is not even up for discussion but that has not stopped Jurgen Klopp -- who will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the campaign -- being mentioned as a possible successor . Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success despite a disappointing season . The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday . But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson -LRB- left -RRB- has committed his future to the club . But Rodgers has not been rattled by the intensity of the criticism nor is he dwelling on the disappointment . He is concentrating on building Liverpool back up and wants the club to be ` really forceful ' when they embark on their summer recruitment drive . ` After the weekend there is always emotion , ' said Rodgers , who will again be without Daniel Sturridge at West Brom and is ` unsure ' when he will return . ` When you lose a big game this is when you find out you are at a big club because the critics come after you . ` Three months ago , I was a tactical genius . Now I have lost a couple of games and it is not so good . ` That is something you have to deal with . When I sit down and look at it , I will hold myself up against anyone to manage this club and to fit the model of what they -LRB- FSG -RRB- want . I am super ambitious in terms of wanting to win and there will be no greater place to do that than here . ` Of course in modern football there are lots of processes that go on behind the scenes that people will never be aware of . In terms of what we are trying to do , I do not see anyone better in terms of the hand we were given . We are here to win . We do not want to be `` nearly men '' . ` There is no-one more ambitious . If there comes a time when that is not the case and we move on , there will be no-one who respects the owners more than me . But Christ , no , I will fight for my life . If I can get the tools here to help us , we can be really successful . ' Henderson -LRB- left -RRB- is ` over the moon ' after signing new long-term contract at Anfield worth over £ 100,000 a week . The former Sunderland player hopes Raheem Sterling -LRB- pictured -RRB- will follow his lead and commit his future . Liverpool have identified a number of targets , principally PSV Eindhoven 's Memphis Depay but they must trump Manchester United ; Burnley striker Danny Ings and Manchester City 's James Milner are attractive Bosman options but the feeling is the club need to make a statement of intent . ` We 've enough potential and players we can develop and improve , ' said Rodgers . ` But it is definitely starters we need and we have to be really forceful to get -LRB- them -RRB- . ' There was some good news for Rodgers after Jordan Henderson completed the formalities of signing his new five-year contract , which is heavily incentivised and worth more than £ 100,000 per week . Liverpool 's vice captain said he was ` over the moon ' to conclude the talks , which began at the start of the season and were successfully negotiated by his agent , Neil Fewings . He now hopes Raheem Sterling will follow suit and commit to Liverpool 's future like him , Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho . Sterling , who told BT Sport criticism of his contract talks have been going ` in one ear and out the other ' , will resume negotiations at the end of the season . ` Raheem is a good friend of mine and he just has to do what he thinks is best , ' said Henderson . ` But , if I was giving him advice , I would say : `` This is Liverpool '' -- I think this is best place for him . That decision is up to him . He is a fantastic player for us . I hope he stays here and develops with us . '