The son of Gerry Anderson , the brains behind the original Thunderbirds , has criticised the computer-generated remake for lacking the ` magic ' of the classic show . Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets . Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world . However , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look . Original : Gerry Anderson , co-creator of Thunderbirds , with star puppets Parker and Lady Penelope . Remake : In the updated version , the ` lovingly detailed ' puppets are replaced by computer-generated images . Writing for the Sunday Telegraph , Mr Anderson , whose father died aged 83 in December 2012 , said : ` The classic Thunderbirds shows have sometimes attracted fond criticism as `` quaint '' , `` naff '' and `` full of wobbly sets '' . ` But there is something to be said for real-world physics , the constraints they bring to film-making , and the ingenuity and beauty that results as we grapple with them . ` With CGI , by contrast , anything is possible . There are virtually no limitations . Impossible camera angles and effects can be achieved , and constraints get ever looser . ' He added : ` I 'm very fond of puppets , physical models and practical effects -- real explosions rather than computer-generated ones . ` There is something utterly magical about seeing a puppet come to life under the skilled operation of talented puppeteers . ` Sadly for fans old and new alike , that 's not going to be possible with the new series . ' Iconic : Gerry Anderson with a model of Thunderbird 1 - his son Jamie has criticised the new CGI characters . Quest : As with the original show , the remake will feature the Tracy family whose mission is to save the world . Thunderbirds aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . There were 32 episodes over two series , broadcast in 66 countries . The show sparked a merchandising frenzy , with more than 3,000 Thunderbirds products sold , so much so that December 1966 was labelled Thunderbirds Christmas . As with the original show , the remake will feature the adventures of the Tracy family whose mission is to save the world through their secret organisation International Rescue . The five brothers , all named after real astronauts on America 's Mercury space mission in the early 1960s -LRB- Scott , Virgil , Alan , Gordon and John -RRB- , all live on Tracy Island in the South Pacific in 2065 . When they hear of trouble anywhere on the planet their swimming pool slides open to allow a rocket -LRB- Thunderbird 1 -RRB- to take off . There is also an aircraft carrier , submarine and spaceship based on the island . The original show was made on a factory estate in Slough , Berkshire , on a shoestring budget . The iconic children 's classic aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . Jamie Anderson , son of Gerry , said there was something ` utterly magical ' about seeing a puppet come to life . The updated version of the iconic show is not the first attempt at a remake . Thunderbirds , a 2004 Working Title film with real actors -LRB- including Ben Kingsley as arch-villain The Hood -RRB- , was a dismal flop , losing almost £ 20 million at the box office . Even Gerry Anderson , the show 's co-creator , called it ` the biggest load of c ** p ' he had seen . The original show was made on a factory estate in Slough , Berkshire , on a modest budget , but the new production team spans the globe . Peter Jackson 's animation workshop Weta in New Zealand made the 26 episodes -LRB- a further 26 are already commissioned -RRB- using a mixture of live action and computer graphics . Rosamund Pike , the Gone Girl star , will voice Lady Penelope in the new show and 89-year-old David Graham has returned to voice her driver , Parker . He has dropped his chauffeur uniform and now sports a roll-neck sweater . He also has a clipped Indian accent . The new version kicks off on today at 5 pm on ITV with a double episode , before moving to an 8 am slot on the same day .