A father has discovered that Facebook photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter were used to set up a fake account and scam an Austrian woman out of $ 4,000 . Antonio Valente , from Dallas , Texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich , who lives in Vienna , two weeks ago , he told NBC DFW . She told him that someone using the name ` Johnson Michael Lynn ' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online . Scroll down for video . Shock : Antonio Valente , from Dallas , Texas , learned that his Facebook photos were being used on a fake account - and ultimately scammed an Austrian woman out of $ 4,000 . After a few weeks of friendly conversations with Heinrich , the man said he wanted to marry her and move to Austria to be with her and his daughter , she told Valente . When he said he needed money to pay taxes in England , Heinrich wired him $ 4,000 . She soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen from Valente . Among the photographs shared by ` Johnson Michael Lynn ' was also a photoshopped image showing Valente 's face oddly placed on another person 's body in hospital . Fake : The profile used his pictures but the name ` Johnson Michael Lynn ' and claimed he was from Ohio . Scam : The profile showed photos of Valente 's head pasted onto another person 's body in hospital , left , and images of his seven-year-old daughter , right . The scammer told the woman he wanted to marry her . The Texas dad was stunned . ` It 's very scary to think someone could do this , ' he told NBC . But he also realized it was just the start of the battle . He wanted to report the problem to Facebook to get the fake profile removed but , because the scammer had blocked him on the website , it did not allow Valente to file a complaint . ` If you 're blocked , it 's circular , ' Valente said . ` You ca n't do anything . ' After being contacted by NBC , Facebook removed the profile . Victim : Marianne Heinrich , who lives in Vienna , said she does not expect to get her $ 4,000 back . The company 's help page gives instructions on how to file reports about a user who is pretending to be someone else ; the reports can be filed even if the victim does not have a Facebook page . The section can be found on the Help Page under ` Report Something ' and ` Report a Violation ' , which then gives a list of the violations , including how to file reports in a similar situation to Valente 's . A Facebook spokesperson told NBC that the process is being reviewed to make it easier . Heinrich has contacted authorities in England but said she does not expect to get her money back . See below for video .