Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue his development . Sterling said on Wednesday that he was not ready to sign a new £ 100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool and described links with Arsenal as ` quite flattering ' . Former Manchester United midfielder Scholes hailed Sterling as a good player but says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play . Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at Liverpool . Paul Scholes has advised Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue to develop . Sterling arrives for training at Liverpool 's Melwood training ground ahead of this week 's Arsenal clash . Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week for Liverpool . Writing in his Independent column , Scholes said : ` When it comes to his future , my view is that Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool . They have elevated him from the junior sides and he has a manager who has built a team around him . He plays every week . What more do you need at that age ? ` Sterling is a good player . He can beat a man and on his day he looks impressive . But he does n't score enough goals , not yet anyway . ` You have to be careful when you time a move to one of the biggest clubs . Occasionally , these young players do not realise what a good thing they are on to when they know that they will be playing every week . ' Liverpool are infuriated by Sterling 's decision to give an interview to the BBC without even telling them and some members of the club 's hierarchy are convinced that the England international and his representatives are simply preparing the way for a move this summer . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers shakes hands with Sterling as he leaves the pitch . Stirling says his refusal to sign a contract is not about money . Sterling says he wants to win trophies in his career . ` It 's not about the money at all , ' Sterling said . ` It 's never been about money . I talk about winning trophies throughout my career . That 's all I talk about . ` I do n't talk about how many cars I 'm going to drive , how many houses I 've got . I just purely want to be the best I can be . ` I do n't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old . ` I try to kill it off , but I do n't think the public can see it that way . ` I think they just see it as this 20-year-old boy being greedy . ` I just want to take the time to think about what I 've achieved in my career so far , where I need to go and what I need to do to get better as a player . ` Everyone 's dream growing up is seeing themselves in an away kit somewhere in a sunny country . But , in reality , I 'm happy to be playing for Liverpool and trying to win trophies . ' ` If , at that point in time -LSB- last season -RSB- , I was offered a contract , I most definitely would have signed straight away , probably for far less money than being said now . ` I just think the timing was a bit off . '