A gay couple getting married this summer had their wedding plans featured on Hillary Clinton 's announcement that she is joining the race for the White House . Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson , from Chicago , Illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on Sunday 's video announcing Clinton 's 2016 bid . The pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year . Milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ` I 'm getting married this summer to someone I really care about . ' Scroll down for videos . Jared Milrad -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and his fiancé Nate Johnson , who are campaigning Democrats , were featured in Hillary Clinton 's video announcing her 2016 White House bid . The couple , who are planning a summer wedding , were featured walking hand in hand during Clinton 's video to announce her 2016 bid for the White House . ` We were both out shopping , working on wedding invitations , ' Milrad said of finding out about their new-found fame . He said he was overjoyed to be part of the Clinton rollout - and part of a large-scale change in U.S. social attitudes . ` It shows how far we 've come , ' said Milrad , 31-year-old lawyer and social activist , pleased that public support for same-sex marriage rights has grown so far as to appear in a presidential campaign launch . Mr Johnson , 30 , is a project manager for a health care consulting company . The couple will get married in July in a Chicago park bordering Lake Michigan then have their reception at a LGBT community center , The Washington Blade reported . The couple told The Blade that they would be making financial contributions to Clinton 's campaign and would volunteer . Both have previously volunteered in presidential campaigns . Johnson supported Clinton in 2008 while Milrad worked for Obama in New Hampshire . The gay couple were only one in a diverse series of aspirational Americans featured in the Clinton ad , which casts a broad demographic net as she hunts for a winning coalition of voters . The video also featured Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business , a mother seeking to return to the work force , an Asian-American college graduate and expectant African-American parents . ` Everyday Americans need a champion , and I want to be that champion , ' Clinton says on the video . ` So I 'm hitting the road to earn your vote . ' The vibrant clip , set to snappy music and featuring Clinton for less than half the video 's length , is a dramatic departure from Clinton 's drab announcement of seven years ago . The video which kicked off her former unsuccessful campaign showed Clinton on a couch , talking about ending the Iraq war , shrinking deficits and expanding affordable health care . Mr Milrad , who is the founder of social enterprise program the Civic Legal Corps , worked for Obama during the 2008 Democrat primaries in New Hampshire when the President was running against Clinton . Milrad , who is a lawyer and social campaigner , worked for Obama in New Hampshire during his 2008 White House bid . The couple pictured at the White House . They have been active campaigners in Democrat campaigns and plan to donate financially to Clinton 's White House bid . It made no mention of same-sex unions . Barack Obama , the candidate who beat her to the White House , was personally opposed to gay marriage in 2008 and only recently converted to the cause . ` It 's a sea change in progress that we see in our country , ' Milrad said . Minutes after the Clinton announcement , Milrad took to Twitter to offer his endorsement -- and to invite Clinton to the upcoming Milrad-Johnson nuptials . ` We have not officially heard from Hillary , ' admitted Johnson , a health consultant . ` We are going to extend an option of a plus-one for her . She 'll probably want to bring someone . '