This is the chilling message a mother wrote on Facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible . ` I 'm so happy , ' Nyia Parler , 41 , commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on Tuesday . Just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there , before going to stay with her partner in Maryland . Relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class on Tuesday , commented on Parler 's picture , ` nyia call me asap , ' and ` How the hell you happy ?!? Call me ! ' On Sunday police said that Parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself . Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an ` undisclosed condition ' and faces charges including aggravated assault , reckless endangering , neglect of a care-dependent person , kidnapping , unlawful restraint and false imprisonment , according to police in Pennsylvania . ` When her treatment is completed , we will take her to court and she can either waive or fight extradition , ' Capt. Paul Starks of the Montgomery County , Maryland , police said in a statement . Chilling : This is the message Nyia Parler wrote on Facebook hours after she allegedly left her quadriplegic son alone in woodland with just a blanket and a bible . Relatives contacted by the boy 's school frantically replied . Charged : Parler -LRB- right -RRB- was detained in Maryland on Saturday night , charged with assault and neglect . Police say she left her son on Monday to visit her boyfriend John Ferguson -LRB- left -RRB- in Montgomery County , Maryland . Horrific : The quadriplegic man was found here on the floor of a secluded woodland outside Philadelphia with this Bible and this blanket , 10 feet from his wheelchair . He 'd allegedly been left there by his mother five days earlier . Parler left her son -- who also has cerebral palsy -- lying in leaves and covered with a blanket next to a wheelchair while she left town on a romantic getaway with her new boyfriend , John Ferguson , police said . He was found on Friday night near Cobbs Creek Park . Police believe he had been there for five days and the last time he and his mother were seen together was on Easter Sunday . She then boarded a bus to bisit Ferguson in Maryland , said Lt. John Walker of the Southwest Detectives Division . Walker said the victim was found around the corner from their home , and he described the scenario authorities believe to have taken place : ` She pushes him about 150 yards from the highway into the wooded area , takes him out of wheelchair , lays him on the ground , puts a blanket over him and leaves a Bible with him , and then just walks away . ' During the period he was exposed to the elements , the young man was ` completely defenseless ' in an area with wild animals , with no water and in cold , damp weather , Walker said . ` It 's only by the grace of God that he survived this . Amazing , ' he said . Reports claim relatives have been trying to obtain guardianship of the boy from Parler -LRB- pictured -RRB- for years . Contacted in Maryland after the young man 's school became concerned about her absence , the victim 's mother told relatives and authorities that he was with her , Walker said . ` Obviously her statements made during the week were not truthful , ' he said . Her boyfriend , however , assumed other relatives were caring for the young man and ` was in shock when he learned what happened , ' Walker said . A 16-year-old son also residing with the family is now in the care of other family relatives , Walker added . Walker said the son was hospitalized with dehydration , malnutrition , a deep cut on his back that caused concern about potential infection and possible eye injuries , but he appeared to be improving . ` He seemed to be a little happier yesterday , ' Walker said . ` You could tell he knew his family was around and felt more comfortable . The 21-year-old , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , is now in Philadelphia Children 's Hospital with his aunts , where he is being treated for dehydration and cuts to his back and eyes . Officials told NBC Philadelphia her son would have died if he had n't been spotted by people walking along a nearby street . ` This kid is obviously a fighter . It 's just unbelievable how we found him last night . It 's just heartbreaking to see how another human , especially a mother , could treat him like that , ' Lt. Walker of Philadelphia Police told ABC . Abandoned : A passerby noticed the 21-year-old here in a wooded Philadelphia park . The son was hospitalized with dehydration , malnutrition , a cut to his back and eye injuries . According to Philly.com two of his aunts , who are with him in hospital , have been trying to obtain guardianship for years . A neighbor , who declined to be identified , told DailyMail.com : ` She used to push him out to the school bus in his wheelchair , she seemed to care for him . Whenever I saw him , I saw her . ' Another , who also wished to remain anonymous , said : ` I would see them outside together in the summer when he got home from school . Nothing looked wrong , I did n't suspect anything . ' Walker said the son was exposed to the elements and other dangers . ` A lot of things could have happened out there , ' he said . ` Obviously he 's in the middle of a wooded area . You have wild animals there ... this kid could not defend himself . He does not function at all . ' Walker added : ` What we 've learned so far is that the 21-year-old child lives with his mother , completely dependent on mom as a result of his condition . ` She also has a 16-year-old son who is staying with other family members . ` We know she left for Maryland on Monday to go see her boyfriend on a bus . ' The man had been reported missing from class at Philadelphia 's School Of The Future on Monday . However , when a teacher called Parler she told them they were both in Maryland and he was well . Rescuers used flashlights to find the non-verbal in the East Lansdowne area of Philadelphia on Friday night . Investigation : Police arrested the man 's 41-year-old mother , who left him alone in the park on Monday morning to visit her boyfriend in Maryland . Officers recovered the man 's wheelchair -LRB- pictured -RRB- for evidence .