A cancer-stricken grandmother was charged nearly £ 200 by easyJet to change her flights after she postponed her pre-booked holiday because it clashed with an 18-week course of chemotherapy . Jane Bacon , 51 , from East Grinstead , West Sussex , booked the ` final trip ' to Sharm El Sheikh with her husband Peter , 52 , after being told she could die within months from breast cancer . However , she bought the £ 1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy and contacted the budget airline to delay her trip after discovering she needed the potentially life-saving treatment . Jane Bacon , 51 , from East Grinstead , West Sussex , was told she would have to pay £ 176 to change her flights to Sharm El Sheikh after she tried to delay her ` final holiday ' when doctors said she needed chemotherapy . She has now hit out at easyJet after she received an email asking her to pay £ 176 to switch her flights , before signing it off with : ` I wish you a pleasant day ' . Mrs Bacon , who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2012 , said she has been left in tears by the airline 's approach after apparently being told that its ` Terminally Ill Policy ' only considers full refunds and not changes to bookings . She said she received an email from the airline which said : ` EasyJet are unable to refund the fees that you paid for your flight changes . ` I understand that this may not have been the answer you were expecting . ` I wish you a pleasant day ' . Mrs Bacon told The Sun 's Andy Crick and Lauren Probert : ` I just wanted to take on final trip with my husband . I was so upset I cried , I felt hurt . ` If it 's not bad enough that I 'm dying , I now have to find the money to pay to move the holiday . ` I thought they would show some compassion . ' Mrs Bacon , who was diagnosed with cancer in 2012 , said she was left in tears by the airline 's approach and request that she pay £ 176 to switch her flights . EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the charges . EasyJet has now apologised to Mrs Bacon and said it will be refunding the additional cost for switching her flights . A spokesman told MailOnline : ` EasyJet is sorry to hear of Mrs Bacon 's situation and we sympathise with her . Customers can request a change or refund on their flights if a passenger on the booking is terminally ill , by providing a formal letter from the passenger 's doctor . ` We are sorry that Mrs Bacon was unintentionally charged the standard change fees . While we were awaiting the suitable doctor 's letter the customer 's travel agency made the changes online which meant the standard fees were charged . ` We will be refunding the amount that was charged to Mrs Bacon and hope that she enjoys her upcoming holiday . '