Fourteen people were hospitalized after the entire roof of a New Jersey church came crashing down mid-song during an afternoon Easter Sunday service . Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed , fire department battalion chief Daryl Rutter told Daily Mail Online . Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury . A little girl is consoled outsidethe Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway , New Jersey , where the entire ceiling collapsed during an Easter Sunday service . An emotional father holds his seven-month-old daughter after escaping the collapse , which sent 14 people to the hospital . Thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration . Rutter said churchgoers suffered face and head injuries , as well as cuts , bruises and abrasions . He said the scene was ` chaotic ' when the fire department arrived at the church . Thirty-five people were standing outside and some were crying . The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation , which rents out the church space . A witness told CBS New York that they were in the middle of a song around 2 pm when they heard a cracking sound from above . A man wipes off the dust that fell on him after the collapse . Around 75 people were inside the church , according to Rahway Fire Department Battalion Chief Daryl Rutter . Rutter said the scene was ` chaotic ' when the fire department arrived at the church . Thirty-five people were standing outside and some were crying . Suddenly , debris began to rain down on the churchgoers . The witness said people screamed as they ran for cover . The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated . Rutter told the Daily Mail Online that no one will be allowed back into the building until an engineering firm is able to check its stability . Rutter said the scene was n't cleared until near 5 pm , as churchgoers hung around to check on their friends and the status of the church . Rahway Police Chief John Rodger told CBS New York it was a miracle no one was more severely injured . ` Nobody was killed , ' he said . ` So , maybe being on Easter Sunday , we got a little help from God on this one . ' The parishioners were from the Manantial de Vida Pentecostal congregation , which rents out the church space .