Standing in a public shower cubicle with my screaming 15-month-old son , I was starting to wonder whether I truly was a Keycamp type of person . My hazy memories of similar family holidays as a child were of slow days spent on pine-scented campsites , punctuated by trips to sun-soaked beaches . But here I was , a fully-fledged father , some quarter of a century later wondering what had gone wrong . Our journey to Argeles-sur-Mer on France 's Mediterranean coast went without a hitch , despite being in the minority of travellers flying , then hiring a car , rather than driving all the way . But the fatal decision was to try and wash the children , toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna , after arriving in a tired and tetchy state at Camping La Chapelle . Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife , Catherine , and children , Joe and Anna . Families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the August heat . It was at this point I discovered that we did n't have any hot water and the baby bath had a big hole in the bottom and no plug . With stubborn determination I slung the youngest over my shoulder , grabbed some towels and trudged off to the shower block . Minutes later he had showed me the error of my ways in the way that only toddlers can . And this was something I was left to chew over , as we quickly realised neither stubbornness nor determination have a place in this land of dappled sunlight , flip-flops and fresh baguettes . The children spent plenty of time in the pool , playing with the many new friends they made . Joe wears oversized sunglasses while relaxing by the pool at Camping La Chappelle in Argeles-sur-Mer . Instead over the next 10 days we threw ourselves at the mercy of campsite life , simply taking the path of least resistance . With hindsight , we should , of course , on that first night have just thrown the children into bed -- dirt and all -- and gone swimming first thing . Eurocamp -LRB- which has since absorbed Keycamp under its banner -RRB- , and its stable of mobile home accommodation , provide everything you need to make a great success of simple pleasures like these . Things have come on a long way since I was a foot shorter and my family holidayed every year in tents across the south-west of France . The Greenwood family made several trips to the pleasant Argeles beach with its mountain backdrop . Multiple swimming pools , a kids club , swings and a bakery kept the Greenwoods busy during their stay . Lugging jerry cans of water back to our tent with its zip-up compartments and constant procession of ants had its charm , but so does double-glazing , a fully-fitted kitchen and air conditioning . We stayed in a Vista three-bedroom mobile home . It 's not huge , the bedrooms have the feel of a ship cabin , but it 's all there . The shower is decent with plenty of hot water -- once the boiler has been sparked into life by a handy courier -- and you 've got your own loo and a decent size fridge . Two sets of doors lead out on to a deck , equipped with a gas-fired barbecue and , in our case , a permanent al fresco bath for Joe . Camping La Chapelle 's biggest selling point is a fantastic swimming pool complex , including two water slides . Eurocamp offer sites for all types and tastes , and Camping La Chapelle is probably quite typical of a modern French campsite . This is certainly not your isolated enclave where you spend the evening listening only to the cicadas and warm wind rustling through the trees . Instead , you are likely to be able to hear the distant sounds of a German murdering a 1980s pop classic at karaoke night at the bar . But it 's a trade-off if you want somewhere lively and family orientated , which this campsite certainly is . In La Chapelle 's case , the biggest selling point is the fantastic swimming pool complex , including two water slides . There is even a heated pool with a retractable roof , under which we spent a memorable afternoon sheltering from a thunderstorm that rolled in from the Pyrenees . Joe and Anne , pictured with dad Chris , enjoyed the kids club , run by a team of dedicated workers . Families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the August heat and Anna became an almost permanent fixture in the water , playing with the many new friends she 'd made on the site . So the pool became a mainstay of our pleasant daily routine , which began with picking up freshly baked bread from the campsite bakery and ended with drinks and snacks on the deck . We quickly made use of the kids club , run by a small team of dedicated and enthusiastic couriers . Four hours of varied entertainment is on offer for children aged five to 12 , six days of the week , and during our stay those in charge worked hard to build a rapport with their young charges from Britain , Ireland , Germany and Holland . Chris and Catherine get into the spirit at Camping La Chappelle 's campsite ` Olympics ' for children . Anna enjoyed games , crafts and an X-Factor-style talent show as the club proved a hub for families staying with Keycamp and its sister company Eurocamp . The two tribes were ultimately set against each other with an evening campsite ` Olympics ' , at which I am sad to report Eurocamp cleaned up . But not before our children had soaked their couriers to the skin in a bizarre game involving body paint , shouting and many , many bottles of water . As the days went on we settled into a pleasant routine , padding about the site between the bakery , kids club , swings and swimming pools . We did venture off site most mornings , making the 10-minute walk to the pleasant Argeles beach with its mountain backdrop and host of accessible cafes , bars and a mini-supermarket . When the Greenwoods were n't in the pool they spent time on the beach in the stunning port of Collioure . A little further afield was the stunning port of Collioure , once a magnet for artists including Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso . It really is a picture postcard place , with a little bay and beach perfect for swimming , surrounded by traditional French cafes , restaurants and arts and crafts boutiques . We went back twice to make sure we had n't missed anything in its winding maze of pretty streets . Once my wife and I found a new rhythm we pretty much all agreed that we could be Keycamp kind of people . We vowed never to force Joe to take a shower ever again though -- at least not until he is big enough to take himself . Chris and his family stayed at Camping La Chapelle , Argeles-Sur-Mer , for 10 nights with Keycamp -LRB- www.eurocamp.co.uk or 0844 406 0319 -RRB- , which now operates under the Eurocamp banner . Eurocamp offer self-catering holidays at more than 160 sites across Europe , including popular regions like the Dordogne , Holland and central Italy . From May 25 , 2015 , a seven-night stay in a two-bedroom Esprit mobile home at Camping La Chapelle starts at £ 427 . Peak season flights with easyJet to Montpellier from Gatwick start at £ 65 each way , plus baggage . Chris hired a car with Europcar , which cost around £ 250 for 10 days , including two child seats and unlimited mileage .