Wojciech Szczesny must use his current spell out of the Arsenal side as a catalyst to come back a stronger goalkeeper , according to former club legend David Seaman . Szczesny has found himself demoted to the substitutes ' bench in recent months due to a combination of poor performances and the form of David Ospina since the new year . Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has benefited from competition for places brought by the £ 3.2 million signing of Colombian Ospina from Nice last summer , as eight consecutive wins have lifted his side to second in the Premier League . Wojciech Szczesny has n't played a Premier League game since the 2-0 defeat to Southampton in January . David Ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances . Szczesny is expected to line up in goal for Arsenal in Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley , and Seaman believes the Poland international can make the number one jersey his own once more . ` With Wojciech , it must be hard for him now to be number two , coming off the back of a season where he was a regular and had been playing at his best , but it is totally just because he had a couple of bad mistakes and Ospina has gone in and done his stuff , ' Seaman said . ` Either of them could be Arsenal 's number one , it is about who is on form - and if Ospina keeps his form , then he is going to stay there . ' Former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman was speaking as an ambassador for the ` Know the Score ' campaign against bowel cancer to Press Association Sport . Szczesny compounded his indifferent on-field performances by being caught smoking in the showers after defeat at Southampton on New Year 's Day - the last time the 24-year-old started a league game for the North Londoners . But Seaman has every faith in the 6ft 5in deposed keeper , believing that if Szczesny takes the positives from a spell on the sidelines , he can emerge a far better goalkeeper in the years to come . The 51-year-old continued : ` It is not a difficult situation , but it keeps you on your toes to know that there is quality behind you . ` It is not just the games which make you play better , it is the training . ` The goalkeepers train together , and you see the other guy , you think `` I want to be better than him '' or `` I am going to show him how good I am '' . That is day to day and is good because it brings the best out of you and tests you , so you become a better goalkeeper . ' David Seaman is a former English goalkeeper who joined Arsenal from Queens Park Rangers in 1990 for £ 1.3 m , a then British record transfer fee for a goalkeeper . He spent 13 seasons at the Gunners , winning the old First Division Championship and the Premier League twice . Seaman also won four FA Cups , a League Cup and the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup during his time at Highbury . In all , he made 564 appearances for the Gunners between 1990 and 2003 , before joining Manchester City on a free transfer . A return of 11 wins from 12 starts has turned Ospina into a fans ' favourite at the Emirates , but Seaman is only too aware of how quickly things can change in football , and has urged Szczesny to think carefully before making a decision on his future . ` Wojciech has a big choice now , but he has still got loads of time , I did not join Arsenal until I was 26 , ' said Seaman , who left Arsenal for Manchester City in 2003 after leading the Gunners to FA Cup glory over Southampton at the Millennium Stadium . ` It is about how he reacts , and what does the player want - does he want to play as a number one ? Or is he happy being at a big club as a number two ? ` It is all about his ambition . If he wants to be a number one somewhere , then how long is he going to have to wait ? ` But if he leaves Arsenal , then it wo n't be the same level , because it is not until after they go , that all these guys realise how good Arsenal is . ' When did Ospina join Arsenal ? Arsenal signed Ospina from Ligue 1 side Nice last summer . The 26-year-old made close to 200 appearances for the French club during six seasons . How much did Arsenal pay for him ? Originally signed as back-up and competition for Wojciech Szczesny after the Gunners No 2 Lukasz Fabianski joined Swansea , Ospina cost a paltry £ 3million . Is he of international calibre ? Ospina had won 52 caps for Colombia and impressed during their run to the World Cup quarter-final in Brazil last summer . When did Ospina make his first appearance for Arsenal ? Ospina made his debut for Arsenal in a 2-1 defeat by Southampton in the third round of the Capital One Cup back in September and only made one further appearance in the Champions League before 2015 . When did he displace Wojciech Szczesny as No 1 ? Ospina was recalled to the starting line-up as Arsenal beat Hull 2-0 in the FA Cup third round in January after Szczesny was at fault for both goals during a 2-0 defeat by Southampton . It later emerged that the Poland goalkeeper was caught smoking in the showers after the game . Ospina kept his place for the league game the following week and has played every Premier League match since . Did you know ... Ospina is brother-in-law to Real Madrid midfielder and Colombia team-mate James Rodriguez . The former Monaco star married Ospina 's sister Daniela in 2011 .