Fort Hood victims are set to receive Purple Heart medals today - amid claims they are being denied crucial financial support . Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen , Texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ` workplace violence ' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism - because it was inspired by a foreign terrorist group . Scroll down for video . Victim : Staff sergeant Shawn Manning was shot six times during the Fort Hood attack - but claims he is being denied vital financial support . Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ` workplace violence ' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . Earlier this year , it was ruled that victims will be honored with Purple Hearts - awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed , while serving . But one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty , Fox News reported . Staff sergeant Shawn Manning , who was shot six times with two bullets still in his body , told Fox News : ` I think it 's almost unheard of for someone to receive the Purple Heart but not have their injuries deemed combat-related . Honor : Fort Hood victims are set to receive Purple Heart medals today . ` I know that was not what Congress intended to have happen , but it is what currently the Army has determined is going to happen . ' Manning , who says he suffers from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder , applied to the Army in the hope his injuries would be recognised as having been sustained in the line of duty -- but this was rejected by a physical evaluation board . A letter he received said that the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act did not offer combat benefits ` for service members permanently disabled in attacks inspired or motivated by foreign terrorist organizations . ' He says the decision means his family will miss out on $ 800 a month in benefits -- as well as back pay -- and fears other survivors of the shooting rampage will be in a similar position . An Army spokeswoman told Fox News that Purple Heart Medal recipients would receive benefits ` to which they are legally entitled ' under the terms of the National Defense Authorization Act 2015 . She added : ` In the case at issue , no final decision has been rendered , and the Soldier will have a full opportunity to present evidence at a formal hearing . ' It is now known that prior to the attack , Hasan had exchanged emails with Anwar al-Awlaki , an al-Qaeda spokesman . Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen , Texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . Hasan -LRB- pictured -RRB- was convicted by a military judge in 2013 in the killings , and he recommended the death penalty . Al-Awlaki praised Hasan 's actions after the shooting , writing ; ` Nidal Hassan is a hero . ` He is a man of conscience who could not bear living the contradiction of being a Muslim and serving in an army that is fighting against his own people . ... The U.S. is leading the war against terrorism which in reality is a war against Islam . ' Hasan was convicted by a military judge in 2013 in the killings , and he recommended the death penalty .