A school district has been ordered to pay $ 225,000 to three girls who were bullied into sending nude pictures to a boy at their middle school who ` passed them around like baseball cards ' . It marks the end of a six-year case , after the teenagers first reported their ordeal to officials at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon - only to be told to ` suck it up ' . Josi Harrison , Laura Lefebvre , and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . Ordeal : Laura Lefebvre -LRB- left -RRB- and Josi Harrison -LRB- right -RRB- are two of three girls who have won a civil claim against their school district for failing to support them after being bullied into sending naked pictures to boyfriends . Traumatic : Hailey Walden , now a straight-A student , left Clatskanie Middle School to escape the harrowing experience after the principal and local police chief said she would be charged for the distribution of photos . After sending one , they were blackmailed into sending more . However , when they sought help from the principal and Clatskanie District police chief , they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography . On Thursday , two years after filing a civil suit against Clatskanie School District , a judge has ordered that each girl receive $ 75,000 in damages . All three girls have subsequently moved to new schools . Speaking in December 2013 , Hailey Walden told KATU : ` We had grown up with each other and he was always the popular cool guy that everyone wanted to date . I was 13 , I did n't know . I thought that if I sent him the picture he would think I 'm pretty and love me . ' In total , she sent him 30 pictures , which then swept the school . However , her mother Billi Leinonen told the station , principal Jeff Baughman and police chief Marvin Hoover ` chuckled ' when they brought the case to them . Hoover , she says , started reading Hailey her Miranda rights and said she would be charged . Though no charges were filed against Hailey , she claims the meeting exacerbated her trauma . On Thursday Clatskanie School District , which encapsulates CMHS , was ordered to pay $ 225,000 to the girls . Josi Harrison and Laura Lefebvre reported similar conflicts with school officials . Along with Hailey , they filed a $ 2.5 million federal suit against the district in 2013 . The judge ordered a reduced payment on the grounds that the school has taken commendable steps to ensure the situation is not repeated . An attorney for one of the girls , Amber Lunsford , told Oregon Live : ` This suit was never about the money . It was about effecting change . ' She added : ` Each of the girls accomplished what they wanted . ' Reacting to the settlement on Thursday , Josi told Fox 12 Oregon : ` I feel like it made me have to fight battles I should n't have to fight , especially at such a young age , but I feel it made me stronger . ' ` I just hope they realize this does happen to people and that we 're trying to make it known in school districts . '