From a man obsessed with looking like Kim Kardashian to a woman who had cement injected into her face , reality TV 's favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world 's most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong . Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif , the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched , which is due to begin its second season tonight , spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show , explaining that many of the various cosmetic blunders featured go beyond anything either of them had ever been faced with before . ` These cases are not found in any textbook , ' Dr Dubrow said . ` You ca n't call any surgeon and say , `` Have you ever seen this ? '' because no one has ever seen this . ' Scroll down for video . Dynamic duo : Dr Paul Nassif -LRB- L -RRB- and Dr Terry Dubrow -LRB- R -RRB- are back to taking on plastic surgery gone wrong on the second season of the E! reality show Botched , which premieres tonight . Regrettable decision : One of their clients this season , Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh -LRB- pictured -RRB- , had her face injected with ` cement ' at an underground cosmetic filler party . He added that , not only are these seemingly unrepairable surgeries shocking , but they are made even more astonishing by the fact that he and Dr Nassif ` have to do something ' to help these patients -- even it seems at times as though nothing can help to repair the damage that has been done . During the interview , the duo , who have seen their fair share of cosmetic disasters , also stressed that cosmetic procedures are ` as serious as brain surgery ' - which is one of the reasons why there are so many terrible outcomes . Dr Dubrow , who said that he and Dr Nassif were ` floored ' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season , noted that the show 's producers had to give them time to figure out what they were going to do before they proceeded with a client 's surgery so that they could come up with an effective means of fixing the often horrifying mistakes made by other plastic surgeons . He explained that he started this season by putting the cases in the photo section of his cell phone and every morning he would wake up , look at them and ask himself : ` How can I make this possible ? ' He referred to this season as a ` David and Goliath ' story because the problems they came across were so impossible to face . Barbie world : Justin Jedlica , who is known as Human Ken , stops by the office to meet with Dr Dubrow . One of their patients this season , Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh , received black market injections from a self-proclaimed ` physician ' who had her face filled with cement at a ` pumping party ' . Dr Nassif said that Rajee , who is transgender , underwent the controversial -- and incredibly dangerous -- procedure ` an underground party where people get injections of black market product ' . The unknown ` fillers ' can be anything from non-medical grade silicone to food products to even caulking used for the bathtub , and Dr Nassif noted that people performing these risky procedures are not professionals - they are rarely even physicians . And the results are often disastrous . ` Once you have something put in your body , you 're screwed , ' she said . ` I obviously do n't want to use that word , `` You 're screwed , '' but you 're permanently ruined . ' Reality star : Jordan James Parke -LRB- pictured -RRB- has spent more than $ 100,000 on plastic surgery to make him look more like his idol Kim Kardashian . Dr Nassif added : ` You ca n't reverse it most of the time . People say , `` Oh , it 's no big deal , go get some fillers ! '' Wrong . Incorrect . Be careful . ' Other times the outcomes can even be deadly . ` The chances that it could go south , that you could have a complication is real and it 's more than one per cent , ' he said . The doctors also acknowledged that there is a ` circus act component ' to the show , particularly when they are dealing with patients who are obsessed with looking like human dolls or their favorite celebrities , including Jordan James Parke , who has spent thousands to look like Kim Kardashian . While they do n't want to help people become ` famous internet freaks ' , Dr Dubrow explained that it is important for them to fix the patient 's surgical problem because ` they still deserve the right to be back in society normally ' . Costly obsession : This woman says she has had 300 cosmetic procedures . Seeking perfection : This man said his nose has been ` chopped up more than ahi tuna ' before he visited the show 's doctors . And giving people that opportunity is a part of what makes the show so rewarding . According to Dr Dubrow , the patients featured on the series have often been ` turned down by every good plastic surgeon in the nation ' , so he and Dr Nassif are often their ` last hope ' . They even had patient this season who went homeless because of trying to correct a botched surgery . ` If we do n't use our experience , our education , our training on them , some numbskull with no experience and no education or training is going to try and it 's going to get worse , ' he said . On tonight 's premiere of the show , the doctors are trying to help former reality star Tiffany ` New York ' Pollard from VH1 series I Love New York fix her sagging breasts . The doctors will also treat former Baywatch star Nicole Eggert and musician Guillermo Eiland from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony , among others , this season . Make it happen : Dr Dubrow shows a patient the leaches he has brought into while trying to fix a botched surgery . Skilled hands : Dr Dubrow can be seen performing surgery on the show .