In her working life , she has covered terrorist attacks , murders and explosions . But nothing , it seems , has been a greater challenge for Samantha Simmonds than a car journey with her three children . The Sky newsreader has revealed how an Easter holiday outing with her family saw ` blood and saliva flying ' between her boisterous sons in the backseat -- and ended with her six-year-old having a tooth knocked out . Butter would n't melt ! Samantha Simmonds and husband Phillip Davies with their children , two , four and six . In a searingly honest account that plenty of exhausted parents will relate to , Miss Simmonds , 42 , described how she took some time off work to spend with her children -- but said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering . Miss Simmonds is married to Phillip Davies , the owner of online auction business Flogit4u , and the couple have a daughter aged two and sons aged four and six . Describing a trip back from Manchester to London , the newsreader wrote on her blog that four hours into a fraught journey , her six-year-old son started screaming . She said : ` I turned round to see blood and saliva flying towards me and all over -LSB- the six-year-old 's -RSB- face . I started yelling in shock and shouted to the four-year-old , `` What have you done ? '' ` What he had done was knock one of his brother 's teeth out ! How is that even possible ? ' After ` one packet of wet wipes , a lot of blood and tears ' , she wrote , the situation was calmer , and it was n't long before her enterprising son was negotiating more money from the tooth fairy ` due to blood loss and trauma ' . Honest : In her blog post , the Sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes ` working mum guilt ' The newsreader -- who has worked for Channel 5 and BBC News as well as Sky -- said she struggled to cope when the boys turned on each other in the car . ` On their own they are all gorgeous -- a delight -- a pleasure ! Together they are a ticking time bomb , ' she wrote . ` Just how long before the first verbal or physical punch is thrown is anyone 's guess . It is this -- the dynamics of the three of them all together that I find the single hardest thing about being a parent ... I feel unprepared and frustratingly un-forewarned of the trials and tribulations of dealing with my children en masse . ' In the post , which does not give her children 's names , she also describes the ` working mum guilt ' shared by many , and how she tries to squeeze in as many activities as possible during precious time off . ` Many would argue I do too much ... . that may well be so , but I genuinely love our outings and seeing the joy and wonder on their faces , ' she wrote . But the dream can quickly turn into a nightmare when ` their testosterone-fuelled little bodies means they can not keep their hands off each other for more than a few minutes at a time ' . She added : ` Either kicking one another while sitting on the sofa , or wrestling around the house and taking it in turn to jump on each other 's heads -- our two-year-old daughter included . ` Pre parenthood , like many childless adults I would stare agog in the streets and in restaurants -- at the out of control parent screaming at their equally out of control children ... Oh how easy it is to judge ! I am now that parent ! '