Stoke boss Mark Hughes has claimed Tom Jones is costing them a spot in the Europe League via the Fair Play League . The Potters ' faithful have been singing Jones ' song ` Delilah ' as their unofficial club anthem since the the 1980s , though it has been criticised with claims the original lyrics promote domestic violence . And Hughes , whose Stoke side occupy 17th place in the Premier League Fair Play standings , believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s song . Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones ' song ` Delilah ' is costing them a spot in the Europe League . Stoke are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table and are set to miss out on European football next year . Stoke City supporter Anton Booth , known as TJ among fellow fans , claims to have introduced Delilah after he started to sing it in a pub in the late 1980s . The hit has become Stoke 's unofficial club anthem and is a regular chant at the Britannia Stadium . ` Apparently we get knocked down because the fans have a Tom Jones song , ' he said . ` If the crowd are a little bit intimidating we lose marks due to the behaviour of supporters . It 's unbelievable . ` But it 's not just the song , it 's when it gets a bit heated here , plus it 's four of five criteria and small margins , it 's officials , players , crowd . ` If nothing happens you get six points . But if someone sings Delilah , you get four . Over the course of the year , if you 're consistently marked down , you 're going to be at the bottom end of the table . ` I do n't think there 's a problem with them singing it . It 's crazy from my point of view . ' Sam Allardyce 's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table and could earn a Europa League place if they finish top of the pile and England 's top flight is within the top three ` fair-playing ' leagues in Europe -- which it was on the last count . Hughes ' -LRB- left -RRB- Stoke side have been singing Jones ' hit since the 1980s as their unofficial club anthem . Each match is assessed by a Premier League delegate and teams are marked in five categories , with a further category relating to the behaviour of the public . This is how the points are calculated : . 1 . Red and yellow cards -LRB- Maximum score = 10 - No minimum score -RRB- . Teams are deducted points if a player receives a yellow card -LRB- -1 point -RRB- or straight red -LRB- -3 points -RRB- . This is the only section where teams can receive a score below zero . 2 . Positive play -LRB- Maximum score = 10 - Minimum score = 1 -RRB- . Premier League teams are encouraged to play a positive style of football . This section takes into consideration things like time-wasting tactics and positive play . 3 . Respect towards opponents -LRB- Maximum score = 7 - Minimum score = 1 -RRB- . This section is designed to encourage players to abide by the spirit of Fair Play and it also includes offences which may have been accidentally overlooked by the officials . 4 . Respect towards the referee -LRB- Maximum score = 7 - Minimum score = 1 -RRB- . The Premier League takes respect towards officials very seriously and players are expected to respect referees - including assistants - at all times . Positive attitude is rewarded with high marks . 5 . Behaviour of the team officials -LRB- Maximum score = 6 - Minimum score = 1 -RRB- . Team officials , including managers , are assessed on their behaviour during a match . One aspect they are marked on is how they accept the decisions of the referee . 6 . Behaviour of the public -LRB- Maximum score = 10 - Minimum score = 0 -RRB- . The section which has angered Hughes , teams begin with a score of five points but can lose marks for persistent abuse of officials , aggressive conduct towards rival fans and foul and abusive language . But Hughes has criticised the competition , which is designed to promote positive behaviour , and has questioned its merit . ` The Fair Play table is a waste of time , ' he added . ` I was always historically at the bottom when I was Blackburn , but then I went to Fulham and we qualified . Despite a successful season in the Premier League this year , Hughes is n't happy with the Fair Play table . ` It 's the perception of the club here that sometimes goes before us . ` We also have a high amount of yellow cards . ` Whether Fair Play merits a European place is open to discussion . But it 's a good prize . ` We 're not going to win it any time soon though are we ? '