A woman who allegedly dumped her quadriplegic son in the woods so she could spend the week with her out-of-state boyfriend is now facing an attempted murder charge , police have said . Nyia Parler , 41 , has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday . Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals . He was found next to his wheelchair . Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault , kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person , and police have now added attempted murder to the list . Accused : Nyia Parler , 41 , who is in hospital for undisclosed reasons , now faces an attempted murder charge for allegedly dumping her disabled son , 21 , in the rainy and cold woods for five days . Charged : Parler -LRB- right -RRB- left her son on Monday to visit her boyfriend John Ferguson -LRB- left -RRB- , right . Ferguson thought that other relatives were looking after the son , while Parler told relatives the boy was with her . Police said they did not expect to arrest Parler until she was cleared for release from the hospital and charged in Maryland as a fugitive . They would then seek to have her extradited . Captain Paul Starks of the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Department in Maryland said on Monday that security reasons prevented him from disclosing the name of the facility where Parler is being held and medical privacy laws prevented him from discussing Parler 's health condition . The last time the mother and son were seen together was on Easter Sunday . She then allehedly boarded a bus to visit her new boyfriend , John Ferguson , in Maryland , authorities said . She told concerned relatives last week that she had taken her son with her when she went to visit her boyfriend , who thought that family members were watching the son , police said . But the son attends a public high school that had inquired about his absences , they said . Horrific : The quadriplegic man was found on the floor of a secluded woodland outside Philadelphia with this Bible and this blanket , 10 feet from his wheelchair . He 'd allegedly been left there by his mother . Abandoned : A passerby saw the 21-year-old 's wheelchair and found the man after going to investigate . Investigation : Officers recovered the man 's wheelchair -LRB- pictured -RRB- for evidence after he was found alone . Relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class , commented on Parler 's Facebook page , ` nyia call me asap , ' and ` How the hell you happy ?!? Call me ! ' The son , who has cerebral palsy , was found around the corner from his home by a person who saw the wheelchair and went to investigate . If the person had n't done that , Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker said , ` this kid would have died a miserable death ' . The son was in stable condition at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia on Monday after being treated for dehydration , malnutrition and abrasions , Walker said . ` This kid is obviously a fighter , ' Walker told ABC . ` It 's just unbelievable how we found him last night . It 's just heartbreaking to see how another human , especially a mother , could treat him like that . '