The greatest challenge to Rory McIlroy 's grand slam bid or Tiger Woods ' latest comeback at this week 's Masters could come from Mother Nature . Players endured rainy spells during their practice on Tuesday with forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway on Thursday April 9 . The typically warm and humid Georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into Augusta for the weekend , which is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms , especially on Friday and Saturday . Rory McIlroy hides under an umbrella as the heaven 's open during practice on Tuesday . World No 1 makes his way through the rain ahead of his bid to complete a career grand slam . Dark clouds gather over the course as England 's Lee Westwood practices his putting . The practice round ahead of the tournament was disrupted by bad weather in Augusta . McIlroy 's caddie J.P. Fitzgerald holds an umbrella over the player 's head to let him take a putt . Spectators , wrapped in an assortment of weatherproofs , are caught in a deluge while walking the course . Despite using an umbrella to shield himself from the elements on Tuesday , McIlroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90F , approaching the record 91F set in 2011 . Augusta National has its own weather centre where officials can keep an eye on any extreme changes and evacuate players , spectators and staff from the course if necessary . According to Accuweather.com , Thursday and Sunday will likely be the best weather days at the tournament while Friday and Saturday carry potential for storms with strong winds . Many spectators were forced to watch their heroes hone their swings from under shelter , although the course 's state of the art drainage system mean that play is unlikely to be delayed . Weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days . Spectators may have to get used to taking cover beneath trees , especially on Friday and Saturday . A cold front coming over Georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather and strong winds . Golf fans flock to leave August National as the rain pours down on Tuesday . Spectators under shelter take a look at the tournament 's order of play , beginning on Thursday morning . Water puddles on a seat with the Masters ' logo with the start of the tournament only a day away .