Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . Abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the House of Lords if he was too frail to be brought before court . The Crown Prosecution Service has faced widespread criticism since announcing last week that Janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has Alzheimer 's disease . But now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in an April 9 note to Lords authorities . Scroll down for video . Controversy : Lord Janner , who will not face child sex charges because he has dementia , with his daughter , rabbi Laura Janner-Klausner . Signed : The letter Lord Janner signed on April 9 . His signature has been redacted for privacy reasons . The former Labour MP , 86 , claimed more than £ 100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009 . He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013 . Last October he took a formal leave of absence from Parliament , allowing him to resume his duties after giving three months ' notice . New rules which came into effect last May provide a way for peers to retire permanently while keeping their titles and certain perks . But Janner requested an extension of his leave of absence instead of offering to stand down in the letter sent to a senior Lords official 12 days ago . A House of Lords spokesman confirmed the alleged paedophile signed the note himself , but could not confirm whether the handwriting below the signature was his . Simon Danczuk , the Labour politician who exposed the late Liberal MP Cyril Smith 's horrific abuse of boys , said it was not right for Janner to stay in the Lords yet avoid court . ` If you are putting yourself forward to remain a legislator , then surely you are fit enough to be tested before the law , ' he said . ` If he has got a leave of absence from the Lords , that implies that he may get well . Why is n't he retiring ? It makes a mockery of it all . He is bringing the House of Lords into disrepute almost single-handedly . ' The Crown Prosecution Service faced widespread criticism after announcing that Janner -LRB- pictured -RRB- would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has Alzheimer 's disease . Pete Saunders , chief executive of the National Association for People Abused in Childhood , added : ` He could n't have signed this letter if he was non compos mentis . ` But if he is n't compos mentis , there 's no way he should be anywhere near our legislature . How can they say he 's not fit to stand trial for the most serious of crimes when he himself has argued that age should not be a barrier to prosecuting Nazi war criminals ? ` It stinks of the Establishment covering up and ensuring he does n't have to take the stand in public . This is a cover-up , there can be no question about it . ' Janner 's alleged victims have accused him of preying on boys at care homes around his former Leicester West constituency . He was suspended by Labour after the CPS ruled last Thursday that there was enough evidence to charge him with 22 sexual offences against children dating from 1969 to 1988 . But Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said he would not be prosecuted because his deteriorating dementia means there could be no criminal conviction . Allegations against the peer were first made public in 1991 during the trial of Frank Beck , a manager of Leicester children 's homes accused of abusing more than 200 boys . After Beck was jailed , many other politicians spoke out in support of Janner in a Commons debate led by Leicestershire North West Tory MP David Ashby . Mr Ashby , 74 , who stood down from Parliament in 1997 after being caught up in the Major government 's sleaze scandals , appeared to repeat his backing for the peer yesterday . ` Of course I did n't know anything at the time , ' he said from his home in South-West London . ` The man has dementia and should be left alone . ' Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said she was aware of potential links between a key aide and the Lord Janner 's QC son . Prosecutors were forced to defend a senior legal adviser yesterday over fears of a conflict of interest in the Janner case . Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said she was aware of potential links between a key aide and the Labour peer 's QC son . Neil Moore , who was based at the 23 Essex Street chambers where Daniel Janner works , was consulted by Mrs Saunders before she concluded not to prosecute . Senior police officers have privately raised concerns with her about Mr Moore 's involvement in the decision-making process . But a spokesman for the UK 's top prosecutor said she made the decision alone and that Mr Moore informed her of the connection before any discussions took place . She said Mr Moore was a barrister of the highest integrity and had not spoken to Mr Janner for two years . The potential for a conflict of interest is unhelpful for Mrs Saunders as she tackles the aftermath of her controversial decision . Last week it was revealed she over-ruled an expert in child abuse cases by deciding not to charge Janner . Eleanor Laws QC recommended a ` trial of the facts ' in the defendant 's absence to ` get to the bottom of the allegations ' . A CPS spokesman said : ` It is the DPP 's job to make these extremely difficult decisions , and that is what the DPP has done . '