Ed Miliband 's proposed change in the rules on ` non-doms ' would cost Britain billions , experts warned last night . The Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain 's non-domicile regime , which allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain . Mr Miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' non-dom status -- but it later emerged that Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . Scroll down for video . Crowd-pleaser ? Ed Miliband joins crowds in Warwick yesterday , where he announced his non-dom plans . The Tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway , because many non-doms do not stay longer than five years . Announcing the policy , Labour aides suggested the change in the rules , which date back to the 18th century , would raise as much as £ 1billion . But tax advisers immediately disputed this , saying driving non-doms away would in fact cost the Treasury significant sums . With non-doms paying around £ 8billion in tax and national insurance a year , it is claimed that Labour 's proposal could in fact create a huge hole in Treasury coffers . Within hours of announcing the policy , Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls was forced to admit he did not actually know how much extra cash the measure would raise . In a further embarrassment , it later emerged that just three months ago he himself had said such a move would be counter-productive -- saying it would result in the country losing money . In a video that emerged yesterday , Mr Balls can be seen telling a local BBC radio station that abolishing the status altogether ` will probably end up costing Britain money because some people will leave the country ' . Despite this , the surprise move by Labour wrongfooted the Conservatives , who took several hours to craft a coherent response . The issue of non-doms is a sensitive one for the Tories , because Mr Miliband has claimed David Cameron is close to ` dodgy donors ' , including non-doms , who support the party . Labour has repeatedly attempted to characterise the Tories as friends of the rich -- despite official figures showing the best-off are paying more tax than they did under the last Labour government . Last night , sources close to Chancellor George Osborne indicated he would consider scrapping the right to pass on non-dom status to heirs . Last year , Mr Osborne announced a new £ 90,000 annual charge for people who are non-domiciled in the UK for tax purposes but have lived here for 17 of the past 20 years . Tory officials said it was more effective to hit non-doms with an annual levy than to ` tinker ' with the status . The Chancellor said : ` Labour 's policy is a total shambles . You have Ed Balls admitting it will cost Britain money and then when you look at the small print it turns out the majority of non-doms wo n't be affected . ' In a speech at the University of Warwick , Mr Miliband insisted non-dom status was an ` arcane ' rule dating back to the time of William Pitt the Younger , allowing a ` few people at the top ' to ` operate under different rules ' . ` There are people who live here in Britain like you and me , work here in Britain like you and me , are permanently settled here in Britain , like you and me , were brought up here , but just are n't required to pay taxes like you and me , ' he said . Graham Aaronson QC , who chaired an independent committee which drew up new rules against tax avoidance , said the non-dom regime did need reform . He said he had advised the Treasury two years ago the right to pass it on to heirs should be scrapped , and suggested he also favoured removing the right for British citizens to claim it . But he was scathing about Labour 's proposals , which he said would cost the country dear . ` It 's either unbelievable deception or the man is completely pig ignorant , ' he told the Daily Mail . ` I could n't believe what I was listening to . This is why politicians have such a bad name . Mr Miliband was describing non-doms born here , brought up here , who go to school here , use our hospitals . The audience would have thought that 's what a non-dom is . But it 's a very small number . There are those that live abroad , their main family life , home and base but they choose to live in the UK for a month and a half a year . They pay taxes when they 're here , they may employ people . It 's ridiculous to treat them the same way . ' Jolyon Maugham , the QC who advised Labour on its plans for reform , conceded the policy could lead to a flight of wealthy taxpayers from Britain . Yet the Labour supporter was cited by both Mr Miliband and Mr Balls as an independent expert who supports the policy . The QC , who admitted the Tories have a ` terrific record ' on squeezing tax dodging , said his own calculations suggested the measure was likely to raise about £ 1billion , but there was a risk of a ` negative tax yield ' . Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg defended the non-dom rule , saying it allowed people to come to Britain , some of whom were not ` massively rich ' . Simon Walker , of the Institute of Directors , said : ` It 's very unclear what additional revenue would be raised , but the UK 's international reputation would be put at risk . ' Nicholas Leeming , of estate agents Jackson-Stops , said : ` The Labour Party is out to target the wealth creators in this country and will effectively close down London to international businesses and investors . '