An alleged ` serial bride ' accused of running a wife-for-hire immigration scheme was arrested just after leaving court Friday , when she allegedly evaded the fare at a Bronx subway station . 38-year-old Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty on Friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ` services ' . CBS reports that the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece Tracy Barrientos . Scroll down for video . Covered : Alleged ` serial bride ' Liana Barrientos accused of running a wife-for-hire immigration covers her face as she leaves court for a second time on Friday with her niece , this time for evading a subway fare . Emergency exit : Barrientos used the emergency exit at this Bronx subway station on Friday instead of paying a fare for her trip just hours after leaving the court . Barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service , and was released without any bail being set . Her niece 's case was also dismissed . In video of Barrientos leaving the court she can be seen cursing , throwing punches , and spitting at the cameras as she covers her face . This is shortly after she pleaded not guilty to marrying numerous men , some of whom who could pose a threat to American safety , say investigators . One of the men 38-year-old Lianna Barrientos wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force . Barrientos , originally from the Dominican Republican , lived with her partner and two children in the Bronx until her arrest in February , however was legally married to at least four people at the time . In court today , prosecutors said Barrientos married men from Egypt , Bangladesh , Turkey , Czechoslovakia , Pakistan , Mali and Georgia - countries that were ` red flags ' for immigration , according to The New York Daily News . At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously . Always the bride : Liana Barrientos , 39 , of the Bronx , pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences . Sullen : Barrientos , seen here in Bronx Supreme Court on Friday , is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam . Charged : The Bronx district attorney 's office says she faces two counts of felony fraud charges . Swindle : Barrientos is accused of accepting money in at least one of the marriages , prosecutors say . All of her marriages took place in New York state , allegedly starting in 1999 . Authorities only cottoned on after she said her 2010 marriage to Salle Keita , of Mali , - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first , the New York Post reported . This launched an investigation that unraveled a totaly of ten times Barrientos has allegedly walked down the aisle . Barrientos would spell her name differently on some marriage licenses and would file all over the state , in places including Westchester County , Mamaroneck , White Plains , Ramapo and Long Island , investigators said . Six of the sham marriages occurred in one year , authorities allege . The Daily News reported that it was her eighth husband , Rashid Rajput , that was deported to his home country of Pakistan following an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force . She has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences . ` This is a huge breach in security , ' national security expert Manny Gomez told WABC . ` If someone could remarry 10 times without bringing it to the attention of the authorities , potentially an al-Qaeda plant could come in , marry this woman and be in this country illegally , plotting , recruiting , perhaps even executing a terrorist attack . ' Bride : Liana Barrientos , pictured , has been married ten times . Her first marriage took place in 1999 , with most recent being in 2010 . Barrientos ' marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril . The bride and her grooms : This map shows Barrientos ' marriages from 1999 to 2010 . Barrientos ' first marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam , then a second 2001 marriage to Habibur Rahman , the Post reported . According to the newspaper , Barrientos married six men in 2002 - namely Davit Koridze , Duran Goktepe , Aliaksandr Paharelau , Vakhtang Dzneladze , Rashid Rajput , and Kakhaber Khorbaladze - and her last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita . Authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in November 2014 . Quoting court documents , The New York Daily News said ' -LSB- Barrientos -RSB- ... stated in sum and substance that she did marry Mr. Keita and that was her first and only marriage . ' The newspaper reported that Barrientos could be sentenced to a total of eight years stemming from her two charges . Barrientos has been arrested multiple times , including for loitering , drug possession , and jumping a turnstile and trespassing , according to the Daily News . Mystery : The Department of Homeland Security was ` involved ' in Barrientos ' case , the Bronx district attorney 's office told the New York Times . According to the New York Times , ' -LSB- Barrientos -RSB- has divorced at least four times , from husbands Nos. 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , but long after marrying husbands 3 through 9 . ' The Times reported that for her first three 2002 marriages , Barrientos wed Koridze on Valentine 's Day , before she went on to marry Goktepe approximately two weeks later , then soon tied the knot with Paharelau . The Department of Homeland Security was ` involved ' in Barrientos ' case , the Bronx district attorney 's office revealed to the Times . Barrientos ' Facebook profile says she hails from the Dominican Republic and lives in Manhattan . It also says she became engaged in July 2013 . Wedding bells ? Barrientos ' Facebook says she became engaged in July 2013 . A Bronx building superintendent , Ruben George , told the New York Post ` She was arrested ... and -LSB- her baby daddy Carlos Garcia -RSB- does n't want her back . ` They have a kid together . She has one with him and one with somebody else . ' George also told the newspaper Garcia booted Barrientos out of his apartment . According to the Post , Barrientos and Garcia are parents to a baby girl . Barrientos did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Daily Mail Online .