Holidaying with the lair of a tiger as your closest neighbour might not sound like the cleverest idea in the world but it is certainly a once-in-a-lifetime experience that wo n't be forgotten . For £ 3,500 , tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the Siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals . Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . A safari stay in Russia offers tourists the chance to spot , and sleep near , one of the world 's most endangered animals - the Siberian tiger . Bespoke holiday providers Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers , and setting camera traps with the experts in the hope of catching an insight into the lives of these endangered predators . They will walk in the footsteps of the world 's biggest cats and spend time with Alexander Batalov , a frontline Russian conservationist who has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare Siberian tiger . The facilities are described as ` basic ' and guests are provided with a translator throughout the stay . The daily activity is to explore the Reserve in the hope of picking up tracks of the Siberian tigers that reside in this area . This shot was captured at night as a Siberian Tiger walked down a narrow road in the Durminskoye Reserve , where guests can stay . Huntsman 's hut in the forest -- sustainable hunting is still allowed in the forest and the hut is also used as a base of operations . The safari does not actively track them as this risks guests coming face-to-face with the animals themselves , which is why still and video cameras are set up . The images and footage from these actively assist Alexander and his team as they work to save the tigers of the region from extinction . Managing Director of Natural World Safaris and expert in wildlife encounters , Will Bolsover , told MailOnline Travel : ` The trip is one of the rarest wildlife travel opportunities remaining today . Alexander Batalov , a frontline Russian conservationist , has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare Siberian tiger . Inside Balatov 's hut , dedicated to the natural world as you might expect with a range of feathers and animal bones . ` Spending time with Alexander Batalov in the home of the some of the last remaining Siberian tigers in Russia 's Far East , setting camera traps , tracking tiger footprints and collecting vital conservation data is a superb opportunity . ' It is estimated the current wild population of Siberian tigers under 400 , making the species officially endangered . Siberian tigers were once found throughout the Russian Far East , northern China , and the Korean peninsula but by the 1940s , hunting had driven the species , also known as the Amur tiger , to the brink of extinction with no more than 40 individuals remaining in the wild . While the population has now stabilised somewhat , sightings in the wild are extremely rare as the tigers have the largest home range of any tiger subspecies and a limited density of prey means they have to search over large areas to find food . Guests will stay in a wooden cabin on the Natural World Safari trip to see the Siberian tiger . ` Guests will be staying directly in the heart of the tigers ' habitat , but with the cats being extremely elusive , it obviously is n't guaranteed that they will even come face to face with a tiger at all , ' Bolsover said . ` While they are out setting camera traps and observing scent trails , footprints , scratch marks on trees , they will be exactly where the tigers tread . ` While they are out in the forest or in the camp , a tiger could be 20m away , 200m away , or as far as two miles away - it 's difficult to put a numerical value on it . ' Click here for more information regarding the safari trip .