A four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local TV despite having bandaged wounds . Jayden Wingler of Phoenix , Arizona , was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . While on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . ` I said , `` What ? Is that the fire ?! '' ' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air . Scroll down for video . TV debut : Jayden Wingler of Phoenix , Arizona , was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . Caught on camera : While on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . Expressive : ` I said , `` What ? Is that the fire ?! '' ' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air . Jayden 's father , Skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise , as the youngster continued with his story . ` I hate that fire ! ' he continued . ` I just said , `` I hate that fire ! '' And then I just said , `` I hate that fire ! '' ' Finally , Jayden 's father managed to speak up . He told the interviewer that hopefully Jayden would be able to get back on the theme park ride which injured him again one day . But the comment hit a spot with Jayden and he immediately piped up . ` Oh no , dad ! ' he exclaimed shaking his head and putting his arms up as he spoke . ` I 'll never get on another boat . Never again . ' Hogging the limelight : Jayden 's father , Skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise as the youngster continued with his story . Catchphrase : ` I hate that fire ! ' he continued . ` I just said , `` I hate that fire ! '' And then I just said , `` I hate fire ! '' ' The youngster was injured at Phoenix 's Castles N ' Coasters amusement park on March 27 . He was in a bumper water ride with his 12-year-old brother when their boat 's gas tank exploded and it caught on fire . Luckily , both siblings were able to escape the blaze , but not before suffering second-degree burns on their legs . They were taken to Maricopa County Burn Center unit to be treated for their injuries , which apparently could take up to a year to heal . Wounds : Jayden was injured at Phoenix 's Castles N ' Coasters amusement park on March 27 . Scene of the incident : He was in a bumper boat ride with his 12-year-old brother when their boat 's gas tank exploded and it caught on fire . A spokesperson from the Castles N ' Coasters park issued an apology to the Wingler family . They said that it was the first incident of its kind in the venue 's more than 50-year history . The statement concluded : ` We are thoroughly investigating with the manufacturers the cause of this unfortunate accident and express our sincere sorrow that a ride at our park caused harm to our guests . ` We feel horrible that this happened . ' To date , Jayden 's on-air appearance has been watched thousands of times . Many viewers have given his reenactment of events a big thumbs up . ` So animated ! Love his personality ! ' one commenter wrote , while another added : ` He 's going to be a celebrity ! '