Sami Khedira is still weighing up his next move but has interest from Manchester United and Chelsea . United have maintained an interest in the Germany international since failing to sign him in August 2013 . His representatives have spoken to Schalke on a number of occasions but the fifth placed Bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package while he also has concerns about the strength of their squad . They have been scouting for alternatives should he turn them down . Although Khedira said last month : ` I love Real Madrid and it 'll be hard to leave this club - I 'll give all I 've got until the last moments of my contract , let nobody doubt that ' , Real will not now offer him a new deal . Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea . Khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer 's World Cup . They are also looking to sell Spain international Asier Illaramendi with Real Sociedad , Liverpool and Arsenal all interested in a cut-price £ 18million deal . Khedira was a target for Arsenal and his free agent status will give him more options but his salary of £ 190,000 a week at 28-years-old is not so easy to accommodate . Niggling injuries have also helped limit him to just 17 appearances for Madrid since the World Cup . United have also discussed the possibility of reviving their interest in Paris St Germain 's energetic midfielder Blaise Matuidi if a deal can be struck . Dortmund 's Ilkay Gundogan and Mats Hummels remain on their list too . Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea later on Wednesday of whether he will be able to join Inter Milan . His representatives are meeting the Italian club 's officials to outline what proposals can be put forward to City . The Montenegrin is desperate to join Inter but there are doubts whether they can match City 's valuation particularly with Yaya Toure also in their thoughts . Their initial proposal for Jovetic is likely to be a loan with a view , something City are not keen on . Inter are prepared to sell to fund their rebuild with former defender Nemanja Vidic among the candidates to go . Inter Milan are keen to thrash out a deal for Stevan Jovatic -LRB- left -RRB- and are also keen on Yaya Toure -LRB- right -RRB- . City may yet offer him as part of their ambitious bid for Raheem Sterling although Liverpool insist they will not sell . Chelsea remain interested in Sterling also . James Milner remains a free transfer option for Liverpool but , as reported in Sportsmail at the weekend , he has yet to determine where he will go with offers from Arsenal , Everton , Roma , Inter Milan and two Spanish clubs also on the table . He has not ruled out staying at City with the amount of game time pivotal to his decision . Sunderland have agreed deals to bring in Manchester City youngsters Cameron McCulloch , a goalkeeper , and Josh Maja , a striker , from Manchester City U18s . Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions this week about the possibility of a deal for Radamel Falcao . The striker is expected to return to the Principality from his loan at Manchester United at the end of the season . Juventus tried to sign him last summer but could not afford the financial package . They want to revamp their strike force with Carlos Tevez looking to return to Argentina with Boca Juniors and Fernando Llorente expected to be sold . Radamel Falcao 's Manchester United nightmare could be coming to an end as Juventus consider a move . Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack for the summer . Newcastle are working on a deal for QPR 's Charlie Austin and have checked on the likes of Danny Ings , Aleksandar Mitrovic , Alexandre Lacazette and Moussa Konate . Steve McClaren is expected to take over the reins at Newcastle in the summer and was keen to take McCormack to Derby during the January transfer window . Mccormack was signed for £ 11m and Fulham would want the bulk of their money back for a player who has still managed 15 goals in a struggling side . Fulham plan major changes in the summer and want to bring in some big signings to push for promotion but will also need to balance the books should suitable offers come in . Ross McCormack has had an impressive season despite Fulham 's struggles in the Championhip . Stoke are discussing a summer deal for Barcelona B forward Mohamed el Ouriachi . The 19-year-old left winger , known as Moha , has turned down a new deal at Barca and is ready to follow former Barcelona players Marc Muniesa and Bojan Krkic to the Britannia . Moha 's agent Raul Verdu said : ` We thank Barca for the deal they offered the player and the efforts they have gone to try to renew his contract . But another proposal was really interesting on both a professional and economic level . Moha has the option of joining the first team squad at Stoke and that was irresistible . ' Moha , a Spain youth international , rejected the chance to join Real Madrid in 2011 . Mark Hughes is also interested in signing Daniel Wass from Evian and will discuss a permanent deal for Victor Moses of Chelsea as he looks to inject pace into his squad . Sunderland 's Lee Cattermole remains a midfield target too . Mohamed el Ouriachi is ready to follow former Barcelona players Marc Muniesa and Bojan Krkic to Stoke . Valencia and Monaco are monitoring Chelsea winger Gael Kakuta . Currently impressing on-loan with Rayo Vallecano , Kakuta is still has one year left on contract at Chelsea . The 23 year-old is available for around £ 3million with Udinese and Atalanta are also interested . Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer is due to hold crucial talks with owners Venky 's about how to work around the club 's transfer embargo . Bowyer has been hemmed in by financial restrictions yet still managed to lead Blackburn to the brink of play-off qualification and the FA Cup quarter finals . His work has been recognised at other clubs considering managerial changes but he is keen to finish what he has started by taking Blackburn up to the Premier League next season . Rovers have been under embargo since January after falling foul of the Football League 's new financial fair play regulations . Key to discussions in India will be whether they accept bids for Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes with Southampton , Crystal Palace , Middlesbrough and Hull interested at the right price . Jordan Rhodes -LRB- left -RRB- and Rudy Gestede -LRB- right -RRB- have been linked with moves away from Blackburn Rovers . Wigan goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi is being monitored by Premier League sides as Wigan look to slip out of the Championship into League One . The experienced Oman goalkeeper is free in he summer and has returned to fitness this season with some good performances despite his team 's demise . Liverpool have been among the many clubs to have posted scouts at the DW Stadium this season although they have checked on their loanees Jerome Sinclair and Sheyi Ojo also . Liverpool have been looking at Sporting keeper Rui Patricio after being told Norberto Neto would join Juventus but may need a low budget option too . Everton are posied to make David Henen 's loan from Olympiakos permanent after the teenager impressed . Everton are looking at bringing in a new goalkeeper , centre-back and two strikers for next season . Club scouts watched Fiorentina against Juventus in the Coppa Italia last week and also checked on Bayer Leverkusen 's cup game with Bayern Munich as they see what is available in the market . Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin will be among the players to depart .