Patrick Bamford wants to lead the line for Chelsea in the Premier League -- but before then he could be leading Middlesbrough to the top-flight after inspiring this vital victory over Wolves . Boro boss Aitor Karanka said before the game that his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic Championship . And thanks to Blues loanee Bamford -- creator of one for Jelle Vossen and scorer of the other - the Teessiders remain on course for what would be a deserved return to the top division . Patrick Bamford -LRB- second right -RRB- scored Middlesbrough 's second goal as they beat Wolves on Tuesday night . Middlesbrough -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Konstantopoulos ; Kalas , Woodgate -LRB- Omeruo 62 -RRB- , Gibson , Friend ; Clayton , Forshaw ; Adomah -LRB- Amorebieta 80 -RRB- , Tomlin , Bamford ; Vossen -LRB- Nsue 74 -RRB- . Subs not used : Ripley , Whitehead , Ledesma , Kike . Booked : Clayton . Goals : Vossen 3 , Bamford 11 . Wolverhampton -LRB- 4-4-1-1 -RRB- : Ikeme ; Iorfa , Batth , Stearman , Hause -LRB- Golbourne 45 -RRB- ; Van La Parra -LRB- Jacobs 77 -RRB- , McDonald , Price -LRB- Dicko 63 -RRB- , Sako ; Edwards ; Afobe . Subs not used : Kuszczak , Henry , Doyle , Ebanks-Landell . Booked : Stearman , Batth , Sako , Edwards . Goal : Sako 63 . Referee : Neil Swarbrick -LRB- Lancashire -RRB- . Attendance : 20,520 . Man of the Match : Patrick Bamford . Boro were relegated in 2009 and even the play-offs have been beyond them in the years since . This maximum at least guaranteed post-season participation , but they will want to avoid that scenario . And with the likes of Bamford in this kind of form they have every chance of going up automatically . Friday 's trip to Norwich , however , will go a long way to determining their fate in that respect . Karanka said : ` We want more than the play-offs and the players showed that here . They were amazing in the first half . But this game demanded a lot of us mentally . We have to be ready for Norwich now , it is another huge game . ' Bamford , with 17 , has now scored more league goals in one season than any other Boro player has achieved in the last 25 years . The 21-year-old makes no secret of his desire to one day return to Chelsea and challenge for a starting jersey . Karanka , though , could well be using his friendship with Jose Mourinho to secure another loan stay should they join the West Londoners in the Premier League . ` For me , he is the best young player in the league . He is scoring goals and is showing he is mature , not just on the pitch but also in the changing-room , ' added the former Real Madrid assistant . Boro were good value for this win -- Wolves boss Kenny Jackett called them ` ruthless ' - and they were ahead inside three minutes . Adam Clayton loaded a ball forward from deep and Bamford gave chase . His presence was enough to unsettle dithering centre-back Richard Stearman and the forward stole in before squaring for the unmarked Vossen who rolled home for his eighth of the season . Bamford celebrates with Jelle Vossen after he teed up the Belgian for Boro 's early opener . The goal owed everything to Bamford 's endeavour and he soon had one of his own on 11 minutes . Albert Adomah fed over-lapping right-back Tomas Kalas and he drove into the area before locating the feet of his Chelsea team-mate . Bamford took one touch to fashion a yard for the shot before swivelling and smashing beyond Carl Ikeme from eight yards . It was a classy finish and added to the dossier of evidence which suggests there is a first-team future at Stamford Bridge . Bamford neatly finishes Boro 's second to put the home side in cruise control early in the first half . Bamford is mobbed by his team-mates including former England international Jonathan Woodgate -LRB- left -RRB- . Boro continued to pour forward and Adomah came within a stroke of paint of netting a late goal-of-the-season contender . Weaving between two visiting shirts 25 yards from goal , the Ghanaian unleashed a rising drive which cracked the underside of Ikeme 's crossbar . As if Wolves ' task was n't stiff enough , they should have been reduced to 10 men when Stearman hauled down Bamford as he skipped clear on goal . That the offence occurred some 40 yards out perhaps spared him red . Boro now have three matches to play as they chase automatic promotion to the Premier League . Middlesbrough . April 17 : Norwich -LRB- A -RRB- , April 25 : Fulham -LRB- A -RRB- , May 2 : Brighton -LRB- H -RRB- . Wolves . April 18 : Ipswich -LRB- H -RRB- , April 25 : Wigan -LRB- A -RRB- , May 2 : Millwall -LRB- H -RRB- . The front-running Kalas was n't letting up with his offensive intent and another forward burst presented a chance for Vossen , the Belgian prodding over from 12 yards moments after the restart for the second half . Wolves had offered little at the other end of the park but a swift break brought them to within one on 53 minutes . Dave Edwards galloped through the middle and slipped a pass to Sako who smashed between Konstantopoulos and his near post . And they should have been level when Rajiv van La Parra steamed onto Scott Golbourne 's deep centre and rattled the crossbar with a first-time volley . Boro , though , held on . One down , three to go . Wolves winger Bakary Sako salutes the travelling support after his goal gave Kenny Jackett 's side hope .