Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a ` gold digger . ' The golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model Alexis Randock , had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week . The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ` fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a ` gold digger . ' Rickie Fowler 's girlfriend and bikini model Alexis Randock poses for a picture with her sister Nicole . Randock -LRB- centre -RRB- was criticised by an online troll for not working due to her relationship with Fowler -LRB- right -RRB- . Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater . A troll called ` fatalsplash ' then accused Alexis of being a ` gold digger ' who did n't have to work . ` Must be nice getting s *** free in life and not have to work for it , ' he posted . It was n't long before Fowler came to his girlfriend 's defence and responded to the troll that he ` might want to get your facts straight before you talk to my girl friend like that ' , reports the Golf Channel . Alexis also was n't shy about standing up for herself . ` That 's hilarious . I work my butt off to be able to fully support myself in NYC , I 'm out here grinding to live a nice life , ' she posted . Fowler received a number of positive comments from other posters who commended him on standing up for his girlfriend . ` Fatalsplash ' - who has since changed his user name to - ' @dont_hava_usename ' - was roundly criticised , being called a moron and accused of working at McDonald 's . The troll even attempted to backtrack by offering Alexis congratulations for supporting herself . Fowler told the hater to ` get your facts straight ' , while Alexis informed him that she worked her ` butt off ' Fowler received a number of comments from posters who commended him on standing up for his girlfriend .