A first-of-its-kind 3D simulation has revealed what happens when two supermassive black holes dramatically collide in a disk . The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole , showing how it takes shape . And the simulation is particularly interesting , because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life . Scroll down for video . University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes -LRB- shown -RRB- in a disk . It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . The simulation was led by scientists at the University of Illinois and included Dr Roman Gold , Dr Vasileios Paschalidis , Dr Stuart Shapiro , Dr Milton Ruiz , Dr Zachariah Etienne , and Dr Harald Pfeiffer . To make the simulation , the researchers used Einstein 's general theory of relativity coupled with equations that govern how matter moves near the speed of light in a magnetic field . In the simulations , the processes taking place as the two black holes merge is shown . As they come closer , the magnetic field lines around the two become erratic , while the jets firing out from the ` poles ' of each object merge into one . Gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event - are also predicted to be created by the merger , while electromagnetic energy is blasted into space . Once merged , the material around the black holes continues to swirly intensely . Known as a quasar , this is a region of superheated dust and gas that surrounds supermassive black holes . They are extremely bright and power the centre of galaxies . At the centre of our Milky Way , for example , a bright quasar surrounding the supermassive black hole is visible . This first simulation shows the gas and magnetic fields as the two supermassive black holes collide . This second simulation shows the gravitational waves - ripples in space-time - in the merger . Material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger . It comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging . Shown here are gravitational waves produced . The simulation takes on added significance because , just the other day , it was revealed that two black holes 10.4 billion light years away are likely to collide in seven years . The discovery was made using data from the Pan-Starrs telescope in Hawaii . Each of the black holes found inside the quasar PSO J334 .2028 +01.4075 has the mass of ten billion suns , and this simulation could provide an insight into what will happen if - or when - they merge . ` As a technical achievement , there 's no doubt that this -LSB- simulation -RSB- is a giant step forward , ' Dr Cole Miller of the University of Maryland in College Park , who was not involved in the study , told Nature News . ` This merger would be amazing , if we saw it . ' Supermassive black holes at the centre of large galaxies could be powering blasts from deep inside the galaxy 's core , astronomers have claimed . Astronomers have sought the driving force behind these massive molecular outflows for years , but now a team of University of Maryland scientists has found an answer . The huge outpourings of material are responsible for ejecting enough dust and gas to build more than a thousand stars the size of our sun every year . And these outflows could also remove huge quantities of star-making gas , dictating the size , shape and overall fate of galaxies . Gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event -- are also predicted to be created by the merger -LRB- illustrated -RRB- , while electromagnetic is blasted into space . However , astronomers note that it is not a certainty the observed quasar has two colliding black holes inside it . The evidence so far comes from fluctuations in the quasar 's light - but this could just be due to a single black hole and a disc , rather than an orbiting partner . Nonetheless , astronomers will be keen to observe it in further detail in case their predictions turn out to be correct . And if so , it could also provide a rare opportunity to observe gravitational waves - ripples in space time that occur during such a massive event like this .