Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and Mum is such a huge fan of Raymond Blanc she once confessed he could be her Mastermind subject ... Nestled in the green rolling hills of the Chilterns , Le Manoir is a striking building ; a 15th Century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles , and boasting tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria . It is beautiful - and it 's impossible not to gawp . The impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns , bronze sculptures -LRB- including a scarecrow based on Blanc himself -RRB- , pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs , salads and vegetables . Lucy Verasamy proudly shows one of the healthy and tasty dishes created at Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons . Raymond Blanc pays a surprise visit to the cooking school that bares his name in his Oxford manor house . Our twin room for the night was huge . We loved it - from the flattering lighting and the textured wallpaper to the cashmere blankets on the end of the beds . Le Manoir 's restaurant has held two Michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened . We decided to go for the full-on dining experience and the seven-course taster menu . Each dish was presented like a work of art - it almost seemed a shame to attack it with my cutlery . It was so good we were both unusually quiet . With every course came a helpful and brief explanation , and a glass of wine . The cheese trolley was one of the biggest I 'd seen . By this stage I was on mouse-sized portions and ready to pop . The next morning I was woken by the sound of birds rather than the alarm on my phone . We headed down to breakfast but were distracted from the huge smorgasbord of choice by Blanc himself as he bounced around the tables , cheerfully welcoming guests . Le Manoir boasts stunning grounds , luxury accommodation and Blanc 's two Michelin-starred restaraunt . Thankfully , Mum was more starstruck than stalker when it was our turn . Chatty and friendly , Blanc noticed my Bircher muesli and immediately offered up the recipe . I had signed up to the Food , Body , Mind course due to start promptly at 9 am - one of several day-long courses run at the in-house cookery school . A few minutes in , Blanc unexpectedly arrived and introduced the course - passionate , enthusiastic and energetic he spoke about the importance of nutrition and being mindful of the ingredients we choose . This was right up my street and I could n't wait to get going . Natalia , a nutritionist , and Mark , a chef who has worked with Blanc for more than 25 years , were brilliant course hosts and teachers . With their amazing knowledge , they were like a human foodie Google . Natalia banished misleading food myths , while her informative facts and figures on the latest medical research were fascinating . I could n't help but scribble down notes . Food icon Raymond Blanc and Lucy bond over a delicious creme caramel at his Oxfordshire cooking school . I thought my limited cooking skills would be a hindrance , but far from it . Mark showed us several easy , healthy dishes - some of which we cooked , wearing our chef whites in our own fully equipped kitchens . Hands-on Blanc popped back just as we were making our sugar-free chocolate mousse - and wasted no time in helping out with the frantic whisking . Trains run from London Marylebone to Haddenham & Thame Parkway -LRB- a 10-minute drive to the hotel and restaurant -RRB- . Le Manoir aux Quat ` Saisons offers a Wine & Dine break from £ 895 per couple . This includes a five-course dinner , three glasses of wine each and one night 's b & b accommodation . The Food , Mind , Body course costs from £ 395pp . I loved every minute of it and learned so much - from interesting food facts -LRB- who knew fresh-out-of-the-ground new potatoes were a healthier option than blueberries ? -RRB- to helpful kitchen skills . I 've lost count of the times I 've rustled up some of the recipes at home since . It had been a massive treat . I had asked Raymond which season was best to visit Le Manoir aux Quat ' Saisons . He replied : ` You must visit every season ! ' Brilliant idea .