Ricky Hatton knows that Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century . The Hitman also considers that having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the Money Man , who is trained by his father , Floyd Snr . Still , when it comes to the half-billion-dollar crunch on May 2 in Las Vegas , Hatton expects Mayweather will ` find a way to win . ' Manny Pacquiao works up a sweat shadow boxing during preparations for his clash with Floyd Mayweather . With his eyes closed and grimacing with effort , Pacquiao ramps up his shadow boxing routine . Yet he warns Floyd Jnr that if does beat Pacquiao and wants to go on to eclipse Rocky Marciano 's historic record of retiring as undefeated world champion after 49 straight wins , then he should ` stay away from our own Amir Khan . ' Hatton , who talks from the painful inside knowledge of having been knocked out by the men currently considered to be the two best pound-for-pound fighters in the world , says : ` We all know Mayweather has this brilliant defence but one of his greatest strengths is his ability to adapt in the ring . It is that boxing brain which is Pacquiao 's big problem . ` Manny has the style to beat Floyd . The speed . The quick hands and feet . He 's a fast southpaw , which is what gives Mayweather trouble . ` Roach wo n't tell him to go charging at him down the pipe . He 'll want him to throw a lot more punches than Floyd , who picks his shots . But he 'll tell him to do it by nipping in and out so he does n't get caught by Floyd 's counters . ' Ricky Hatton , pictured at his gym earlier this year , says Pacquiao has the style to beat Mayweather . It was a vicious left hand from Pacquiao that left Hatton on the canvas in Vegas in 2009 . Pacquiao takes on Mayweather six years to the day after knocking Hatton out at the same venue . Hatton also says having trainer Freddie Roach -LRB- right -RRB- in his corner gives Pacquiao a huge advantage . Mayweather Snr trained Hatton for his fight with Pacquiao and the Hitman says : ` I do n't want to knock him but I was shocked that he could n't do southpaw pads . That 's a big disadvantage for Floyd . ` And in Freddie , Manny has one of the greatest trainers in the world . He 'll make a huge difference . ` But I still go back to my initial feeling that Floyd will work out how to beat him , somehow . He 's so clever . Win or lose he will still go down as one of the best of all time . If he wins I 'm sure he will want to go on to beat Marciano 's record . He 'll be on 48-0 and he 'll probably be due any easy fight to get him level with Marciano . ' And that means staying well clear of Khan . Mayweather has also been posting pictures and video of his preparation for the May 2 showdown . Mayweather works on the bag as he prepares for the Fight of the Century in Las Vegas . Hatton lost to Mayweather in 2007 at the MGM Grand when the fight was stopped in the 10th round . Bolton boxer Amir Khan could cause Mayweather problems , according to Hatton . ` Floyd will run a mile from Amir , ' says Hatton . ` Amir could cause him even more problems than Manny . ` Everyone laughs at me when I say this and I wonder if I know as much about boxing as I think . But Amir 's been boxing much better lately , with a lot more discipline . ` And with Mayweather dipping slightly at 38 -- probably not at the peak he was when he fought Oscar De La Hoya and me -- Amir could be the one who 's even faster than Floyd . But Mayweather will not even think about fighting him unless he runs out of opponents before he gets to that record . ` Amir 's right to keep Kell Brook on hold while he waits to see if he can get the winner on May 2 . Kell would do the same . But he could have to wait even longer unless Mayweather-Pacquiao is a big anti-climax , which it could be if they 're both cagey because they have so much respect for each other . ` Floyd likes to fight on the back foot so it will be up to Manny to make it a great fight by going for him . And if that happens then with all the money they can make I 'm certain they 'll look at the re-match . ' * Mayweather-Pacquiao will be exclusively live on Sky Sports Box Office , late Saturday , May 2 . On sale now at £ 19.95 .