Most mothers dream of their children 's birthdays , graduations and weddings . But Jodie Barden has the heartbreaking task of arranging both her daughters ' funerals , knowing that neither will make adulthood because of an incredibly rare illness . Mrs Barden , 28 , is mother to eight-year-old Ella and one-year-old Chloe , who both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 . Cockayne Syndrome is a rare genetic disorder , which is characterised by a failure to gain weight , premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . Scroll down for video . Jodie Barden , 28 , has been forced to plan her daughters Ella , eight -LRB- left -RRB- and Chloe , one -LRB- right -RRB- 's funerals as they have rare genetic disorder Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12 . In 2013 , Mrs Barden shaved her head in order to raise money for a Cockayne Syndrome charity . She is pictured here with daughter Ella , who ages prematurely due to the syndrome . Sufferers usually do n't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia . Given her children 's prognosis , Mrs Barden has already made arrangements for both daughters ' funerals with her husband , Luke , who is also 28 . The former graphic designer , who is now the girls ' full-time carer , said : ` There 's no cure for what they have and there 's not much the doctors can say , so we just try and keep them comfortable while they 're with us . ` They 'll eventually lose their sight and hearing and , when that time comes , we want to be able to provide them with somewhere where they can still have fun . ' The condition causes premature ageing , so despite the fact the girls are seven years apart , they look like they are a similar age . Ella currently has a tremor , which makes drinking from a beaker difficult , and she only says words like ` yes ' and ` juice ' . Chloe is n't walking yet and probably wo n't ever reach this milestone . But while they can not speak , Mrs Barden said they do not fail to communicate their desires through gesturing . She said : ` They are both such good fun - real cheeky monkeys . ' She describes the moment she was told her children had the disease as ` devastating ' . Cockayne syndrome -LRB- CS -RRB- is very rare disease resulting in slow growth in babies as well as rapid aging -LRB- a form of progeria -RRB- . People with this syndrome have smaller than normal head sizes , are of short stature , their eyes appear sunken , and they have an ` aged ' look . It is estimated to affect one in 500,000 children but difficult to diagnose . For CS patients who are affected at birth , life expectancy is 3 -- 7 years . Other patients only start to show symptoms in early childhood and their life expectancy tends to be under 20 years . However , some rare CS patients live significantly longer . Individuals with CS are extremely sensitive to the sunlight and sunburn easily so they mostly stay indoors during normal daylight hours . CS is often described as a ` progeria-like syndrome ' . Progeria is an extremely rare genetic disease wherein symptoms resembling aspects of aging are manifested at an early age . One of the earliest influences of progeria on popular culture occurred in the 1922 short story The Curious Case of Benjamin Button by F. Scott Fitzgerald -LRB- and later released as a feature film in 2008 staring Brad Pitt -RRB- . The main character , Benjamin Button , is born as a seventy-year-old man and ages backwards ; a scenario inspired by progeria . She said : ` Ella was diagnosed at Great Ormond Street in 2012 when we noticed she was n't hitting her milestones ; when she did n't start talking when we expected her to . ` I was pregnant with Chloe at the time and that 's when we found out she would be born with the same disease . ` It was devastating , but once we got over the shock we decided we would do all that we could to make their lives memorable . ' The disease is inherited and Mrs Barden and her husband , a HGV driver , both carry the mutated gene . They have a one-in-four chance of conceiving a child with Cockayne Syndrome , whereas the odds are usually two in a million . Now , she and her husband are trying to make the most of the time they have with their daughters , as well as their four-year-old son Alex , who does not suffer from the disease . Mrs Barden said her son is ` fantastic ' with his sisters . She said : ` He 's genuinely loving and has a very caring nature . ` If either of the girls drops something on the floor he will just pick it up without being asked . ` We will always be honest with him . ` The girls are always happy and never moan , they keep smiling despite everything they 've been through . ' She added that her husband is incredibly supportive , and the whole extended family have helped them through a difficult time . She said : ` It 's a test of anyone 's relationship , but luckily Luke and I have always been very close . ` We 're also lucky to have support from both sides of the family . ' They have collectively raised around £ 14,000 for charity Amy and Friends , a Cockayne Syndrome charity based in Liverpool . This was done through a series of events including skydiving and hosting coffee mornings . Mrs Barden even shaved off her hair in January 2013 . And in the same year , Ella , who uses a wheelchair and walking frame to get around , appeared on a special episode of The Jeremy Kyle Show for Mother 's Day . Mrs Barden said the whole family is now trying to make the most of the time they have left with the girls . Her son , Alex , four , is ` fantastic ' with his sisters , she said . The reality television presenter paid for her to dress up like a princess and climb the Eiffel Tower . And last year , they flew to Melbourne and the Gold Coast in Australia where Ella swam with dolphins . Mrs Barden said : ` We met up with another family with Cockayne Syndrome over Facebook . Essex charity , Wipe Away Those Tears , is sending the family to Disneyland Paris for an Easter holiday . In the meantime , Mrs Barden is taking on a Tough Mudder event in September . Her ambition is to raise enough money to kit out a special sensory shed at their home in Witham , Essex . She said : ` The sensory shed is basically just a big playhouse in the garden where they can interact with twinkly lights and feel different objects . '