A drunk Chinese man became so annoyed at his neighbour 's dog barking that he killed it by slashing its throat . Li Chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township in north-eastern Taiwan 's Hualien county , when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . According to police reports , Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour 's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky . Dog murder : Li Chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township , Hualien county , and became annoyed with a dog owned by neighbour Tang Chao , right , on his way home and killed it . The animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner Tang Chao , 40 , who called police . He said : ` I normally wake up early and hear Lucky outside . This time I did n't and immediately knew something was wrong . ` When I got outside I found him lying dead in a pool of blood . ' Mr Chao says he suspected his neighbour Li of being the culprit , and called police . He said : ` I do n't understand how anyone could want to hurt a dog like Lucky . He was very obedient and hardly ever barked during the day . Sad : Lucky the dog is pictured after having his throat slashed by drunk Li who killed him for barking . Investigation : Taiwanese police search for the weapon in Li 's home . ` He only barked when he heard or saw movement during the night , like any good guard dog would do . ` But Li had often complained about him in the past when he came back drunk and perhaps it was a sixth sense , I do n't know , but I immediately knew it was him . ' When police arrived they found Li gone . A police spokesman said : ` He was quickly picked up at the bus station trying to get an early ride out of town until the fuss died down . ` He immediately confessed to killing the dog and said he did n't know why he had done it . ' The man now faces a fine for damaging property as China has no animal cruelty laws . If the dog had been a stray , he would have faced no charges .