A Connecticut teenager with cancer who took her fight to stop her chemotherapy treatments to the state 's Supreme Court must remain in custody of the state even though her disease has gone into remission , a judge ruled on Wednesday . Superior Court Judge Carl Taylor in Middletown , Connecticut , denied requests made last month by attorneys for both Cassandra and her mother , Jackie Fortin , that the 17-year-old be released from the temporary custody of the state Department of Children and Families , or that her mother be permitted to visit her in the hospital . The judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of blood cancer , at Connecticut Children 's Medical Center in Hartford . Scroll down for video ... Going nowhere : Cassandra Fortin was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo cancer treatment . Picture of health : Cassandra has been at Children 's Medical Center in Hartford since December receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed . In state care : The Department of Children and Families took temporary custody after Cassandra refused her chemotherapy treatments for Hodgkin lymphoma . The state agency last fall won temporary custody of Cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them . The state Supreme Court then ruled against Cassandra 's claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions . Treatments were ordered for at least six months after doctors said the teen had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemotherapy , but faced a near certainty of death within two years without it . But after she was declared by doctors to be in remission in March , her lawyer Joshua Michtom and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments , or at least to permit her mother to visit her in the hospital . Staying put : Ms Fortin , left , said the hospital tried to prevent her mother , Jackie , right , from visiting her room . Support : Mrs Fortin , pictured , said she was behind her daughter 's decision to not undergo cancer treatment . Hodgkins lymphoma -LRB- cells pictured -RRB- is a disease of the white blood cells . Hodgkin 's Lymphoma is cancer of the white blood cells called B lymphocytes that circulate around the lymphatic system , which is a network of vessels and glands spread throughout the body . The lymphatic system is part of your immune system . Clear fluid called lymph flows through the lymphatic vessels and contains infection-fighting white blood cells known as lymphocytes . Lymphoma causes the lymphocytes to multiply in an abnormal way and collect in certain parts of the lymphatic system , such as the lymph nodes or glands . These lymphocytes lose their infection-fighting properties , making you more vulnerable to infection . The most common symptom of HL is a painless swelling in a lymph node , usually in the neck , armpit or groin . It usually affects young adults aged between 15 and 35 and adults over the age of 50 . The cause is unknown but risk factors include medical conditiona that weakens your immune system , taking immunosuppressant medication and being previously exposed to the Epstein-Barr virus -LRB- which causes glandular fever -RRB- . It is n't thought a family member having the disease increases the chances of developing it . The only way to confirm a diagnosis of HL is by carrying out a biopsy . Almost all young people with HL will be fully cured . For older people over the age of 50 , the cure rate is around 75 per cent to 80 per cent . Treatment depends on the extent of the cancer and will usually involve a combination of radiotherapy , chemotherapy and drugs including steroids . ` She has n't been able to see her mother for months , and now that she 's in remission we do n't think that 's in her best interests , ' said Attorney James Sexton , representing Fortin . DCF Commissioner Joette Katz said in a statement Wednesday her agency is ` looking forward to the day later this month when Cassandra can happily return home after her treatment is completed and the doctors are confident that she has beaten the cancer . ' The case drew national attention when the teen rejected chemotherapy treatments after being diagnosed in September . Both the teen and her mother said she did n't want to poison her body , and she ran away after two chemo treatments . Michael Taylor , an attorney for the teen 's mother , Jackie Fortin , said if the judge will not lift the temporary custody order , they would like for the teen at least to be able to visit with her mother at the hospital . Ms Fortinh said DCF has prohibited her from having contact with her mother . ` We 'd like to end the whole thing , ' Taylor said , according to The Hartford Courant , during a break in the hearing , ` but if we ca n't , we want to do as much as we can for her . She wants to be with her mother . ' After Ms Fortin was diagnosed with high-risk Hodgkin lymphoma in September , she and her mother missed several appointments , prompting doctors to notify the DCF , court documents say . A trial court in November granted DCF temporary custody of Ms Fortin . Lawyers for Cassandra and her mother then sought an injunction prohibiting medical treatment but failed . The case went to the state Supreme Court , which ruled in January that the state was n't violating Ms Fortin 's rights by forcing her to undergo chemotherapy . The case centered on the mature minor doctrine recognised by several other states -- whether 16 - and 17-year-olds are mature enough to make their own medical decisions . Ms Fortin told People.com that she did not want to undergo chemotherapy and that when she was taken into care the state tried to prevent her mother from paying a visit . She said the hospital even posted a guard outside her door because they feared that she would try to escape . On the day before her chemotherapy , hospital staff were forced to restrain her before they could administer an anaesthetic . A judge has ruled against the 17-year-old girl who originally refused chemotherapy , and she will have to finish her treatments at the hospital instead of going home . She said : ` When a nurse came in and I told myself just to fight . When she started to put an IV in me , I would n't let her . ' Ms Fortin spent two hours arguing with a doctor trying to convince them to suspend her treatment . ` Security had to pick me up , pin me to the bed and strap me down by my wrists and ankles , When I woke up , I looked down and there was a port in my chest . I thought , ` I can not believe they did this to me . ' ` I felt violated . I felt like I was being treated like an animal . I thought , ` How can you force a person , regardless of how old they are , to do something they have n't given consent to ? ' '' In a statement Connecticut 's DCF said : ` When experts -- such as the several physicians involved in this case -- tell us with certainty that a child will die as a result of leaving a decision up to a parent , then the Department has a responsibility to take action . Even if the decision might result in criticism , we have an obligation to protect the life of the child when there is consensus among the medical experts that action is required . ` Much of the improvements in Connecticut 's child welfare system have come from working with families voluntarily to realise solutions to family challenges . ` Unfortunately that ca n't happen in every situation , especially when the life of a child is at stake . ' Ms Fortin received three weeks ' chemotherapy at Connecticut Children 's Medical Center -LRB- pictured -RRB- .