A female CEO from Texas is under fire this week for saying that a woman can not be president because of her ` hormones . ' Cheryl Rios , who runs the company Go Ape Marketing , posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president . ` With the hormones we have , there is no way -LSB- a woman -RSB- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post . Scroll down for video . Women have hormones : Cheyrl Rios does n't think a woman can be president because she has female ` hormones ' that would get in the way of her being able to start a war . Leading lady : Democratic presidential hopeful and former US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , pictured on April 15 , announced her plans to run for president on Sunday . ` Yes I run my own business and I love it and I am great at it BUT that is not the same as being the President , that should be left to a man , a good , strong , honorable man , ' she told CBS . Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that , ` there 's an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman should n't be president . ' Rios did not reference any biblical verse . Rios ' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling Rios a misogynist and a hypocrite . ` Your lack of knowledge of strong women leaders in history baffles me and your position as a CEO makes it so much worse , ' wrote mdj20000 on Twitter . ` You 're the dumbest person I 've ever had to read about in the news . I wish I could have those 3 minutes back of my life , ' Tweeted Chloe Bender . Her opinion : Cheryl Rios wrote that she is entitled to her own opinions and should n't be criticized . Rios responded to the venom on Twitter by posting , ` Will say this and leave it at that . I believe in what I believe . In this great country we are allowed our own opinions . ' Rios said that she does n't think that women should be ` abused ' and thinks they can make a ` great lawyer or doctor ' but not a president of the country . ` I did n't say that women should be abused , or that they are stupid or ca n't be lawyers , doctors or run successful businesses , I fully know and support that they can as I have done that . I mentioned one position only the Head of our government , the Head of State , the Commander in Chief , the President . With that , please stop the nastiness as it was n't meant in that light . Peace , Love and Happiness , ' she said .