The FBI have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $ 5 million armored truck robbery in North Carolina last month . Investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in South Florida - has provided them with a big break in the case . ` This confirms that there is a South Florida nexus to this , ' Justin E. Fleck , supervisory special agent of the squad leading the investigation , told ABC News . ` We believe that additional gold bars from the robbery may still be in South Florida and we continue to need the public 's help in solving this crime . ' The highway heist occurred on March 1 in Wilson County , almost halfway into the truck 's journey from Miami to Boston . Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company TransValue - pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board ` felt sick ' . Big break : The FBI say they recovered this 26-pound gold bar - worth up to $ 500,000 - somewhere in South Florida , which has provided a big break in their investigation into last month 's highway heist in North Carolina . The guards said that after the vehicle stopped they were approached by three armed men driving a white van who ordered them to lay on the ground . The men spoke in Spanish and said they were ` policia . ' The trio tied the guards ' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275 lbs of gold . The gold totaled $ 4.8 million , but the truck was carrying about $ 10 million worth of metal , so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver - behind . Suspects : Police previously shared sketches of the suspects thought to be male and possibly Hispanic who allegedly bound the hands of the driver and the passenger . There are three suspects altogether . White van : Two security guards working for Transvalue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van , pictured here , after pulling over on the interstate . Wilson County Sheriff Calvin Woodard Jr. admitted last month the story was suspicious . ` There is suspicion at this time that this could be an inside job due to the circumstances of the robbery , ' a Wilson County Sheriff 's Office detective wrote in a search warrant obtained by ABC . ` The fact that the truck was robbed immediately upon it pulling over at an unannounced stop is suspicious in and of itself , ' the document added . ` It is also suspicious because there are no markings on the side of the truck that would indicate the type of cargo contained therein . ` The suspects also went directly to the trailer and found the gold which was in unmarked five gallon buckets . It is not believed that this is a random act due to the nature and facts of this robbery . ' Police are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case . Search : Armed robbers are suspected of stealing $ 5 million in gold from an 18-wheeler taking the precious from Florida to Massachusetts on Interstate 95 . Above , deputies investigate a wooded area near the road . Location : The men ` ordered the guards to lie on the ground , tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods , before taking 275 lbs gold ' Cone : This photo is of a traffic cone that was positioned behind the truck as suspects allegedly removed gold from the vehicle after breaking a lock on the back . Investigation : Wilson County Sheriff Calvin Woodard Jr , pictured , said that differing stories from the guards about the armed robbery had led to suspicions over their accounts of the heist . Woodard shared sketches of the three suspects who allegedly bound the hands of the driver and the passenger . Meanwhile , a photo was shown of a traffic cone that was positioned behind the truck as suspects allegedly removed gold from the vehicle after breaking a lock on the back . The traffic cone had the marking of a company that only does work in Florida , according to ABC . Woodard said the driver and the passenger , who speak little English , are not suspects , but both men have been interviewed separately several times by police . He added that the driver and the passenger did violate their company 's policies by exiting the vehicle without their firearms and leaving the firearms inside the truck . Wilson County Sheriff 's Deputies investigate an area near Interstate 95 in Wilson , North Carolina , on Monday . Investigation : The Federal Bureau of Investigation has joined in the search for the robbers , thought to be male and possibly Hispanic . Neither of the guards was injured during the ` very rare incident ' , TransValue said . A reported 275 lbs of gold were stolen and silver was also being carried in the truck , which was stopped near mile marker 114 on the highway . Locks on the back of the truck were sawed off , according to WITN . The Federal Bureau of Investigation has joined in the search for the robbers , thought to be male and possibly Hispanic . The metal was owned by Republic Metals Corporation in Opalocka , Florida , according to a search warrant . TransValue , which specializes in transporting valuable goods and money between financial centers , keeps goods they move insured for up to $ 100 million . A $ 50,000 reward is on offer for information leading to an arrest . Shortly after the heist confused drivers told 911 dispatchers that they saw uniformed drivers run into the North Carolina highway with their hands bound , motioning for help , according to recordings .