She shot to fame as the pretty blonde on Prince Harry 's arm , but Cressida Bonas is keen to make a name for herself away from the royal limelight . The fledgling actress and dancer has been unveiled as Mulberry 's new ambassador - and shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the British fashion giant . The 26-year-old poses in an old courthouse in Clerkenwell , London , wearing pieces from the Somerset-based brand 's spring/summer 2015 collection . Cressida Bonas , who found fame as Prince Harry 's girlfriend , has been unveiled as Mulberry 's new ambassador and showcases the luxury fashion house 's designs and accessories in a new shoot . Shot by Robert Fairer , Cressida , an accomplished dancer , shows off her moves as she pulls some poses whilst modelling the new range . The shoot follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house . It features Miss Bonas , the youngest daughter of aristocrat Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas , dancing round an old court house and English country garden in a £ 1,800 dress . Asked in the video if it was ` nice ' being single , she replied : ` It is actually , it is , it is ' The Sloaney blonde dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up . Since then , the budding star has been focussing on her acting and modelling career . Miss Bonas , the youngest daughter of aristocrat Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas , shows off the British fashion giant 's graphic summer dresses and iconic handbags in the shoot . Mulberry Magnolia dress . Look pretty in dusky pink like Cressida . Visit site . Cressida Bonas really is one of those lithe elegant dancer types we want to hate for being so damn beautiful but we just ca n't ! Once known for being Prince Harry 's better half , the blonde beauty has now made a name for herself as a dancer and model , so it 's no wonder she 's bee snapped up by quintessentially British fashion house , Mulberry . We love this sprightly spring-ready shoot for their SS15 collection , which is brimming with flirty frocks in pastel hues , but our fave has got to be this blushing pink dress here . Check out that luxurious suede feel , laser-cut detail and flattering fit and flare cut . Even if it was n't for all that exquisite detail , it 's been donned by Cressida , so we predict it 'll be flying off the shelves ! So why not invest in a slice of timeless British style and snap up this frock now -LRB- right -RRB- ? Or take a peek at our fave picks from the high street below . This Missguided dress is so Cressida right now , we almost want to start pirouetting and skipping in an abandoned house too . Almost . Missguided drop hem peach shift dress . Visit site . Eliza J jacquard tulip skirt dress at Zappos . Visit site . Tahari by ASL petite Ivan dress at Zappos . Visit site . Lauren Ralph Lauren flared dress at Macy 's . Visit site . Cressida , an accomplished dancer , shows off her moves as she pulls some poses in the romantic shoot . Proving she 's a woman of many talents , later this year , Cressida will make her film debut in Harvey Weinstein 's Tulip Fever alongside Cara Delevingne and Dame Judi Dench . She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory , the Catholic comprehensive which counts Nick Clegg 's son as a pupil . Prince Harry even attended the opening night of his former girlfriend 's play , and was heard laughing loudly throughout . Last month , well-connected Cressida also appeared on the front cover of Miss Vogue magazine , and later this year will make her film debut in Harvey Weinstein 's Tulip Fever , also starring her good friend , Cara Delevingne , as well as Dame Judi Dench . Cressida recently played Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory , where she was watched by ex-boyfriend , Prince Harry . As well as starring on the cover of Miss Vogue , Cressida has attended Mulberry 's glamorous parties and events over the last few months . ` I hope the focus is becoming more about skills that I have , ' she said in the interview with the Sunday Time 's Style magazine . ` It 's really important to me not just to be known as ... ' she added , drifting off without finishing the sentence , presumably referring to being known as Prince Harry 's ex . She refused to discuss her relationship with the prince , only to comment on the media attention their romance prompted . ` All that stuff is not real , ' she says . ` It 's really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times . ' Miss Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up -LRB- pictured together when they were dating in March 2014 at the Six Nations -RRB- . Cressida pictured , left , at The Weinstein Company and Netflix 's 2015 Golden Globes After Party in January this year and , right , in 2011 at the Ralph Lauren Wimbledon Party .