Andy Lee will leave New York with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact . A dramatic , frenetic 12 rounds here saw the Irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous Peter Quillin , the man who vacated the WBO middleweight title Lee won so gloriously in Las Vegas last December before the result was deemed a draw . It was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance . No mean feat considering he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm . Peter Quillin -LRB- left -RRB- and Andy Lee stand with the referee after the judges declared their bout a draw . The two fighters embrace following their exciting 12-round contest in Brooklyn on Saturday night . Lee retains his WBO belt after Quillin failed to make the required 160 lbs weight on Friday . Quillin 's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than Lee . The two fighters congratulate each other at the end of the 12 rounds , which were judged to be a draw . With Quillin dramatically failing to make the required weight of 160 lbs on Friday , Lee strode out in front of a healthy crowd knowing whatever happens , his belt was n't going anywhere . Yet this was still one hell of a contest and when the judges correctly called it a tie , no-one was really arguing . While it was scored 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 , the statistics told a different story . Lee threw more punches -LRB- 299-267 -RRB- and connected with greater frequency -LRB- 113-103 -RRB- . It was a warrior-like display . Not maybe enough to have destroyed Quillin 's unbeaten record , but impressively solid and energetic . Lee , however , was hard on himself . ` It was a tough fight , he dropped me at the start because I was lazy , ' he said . ` I had the momentum late on . I understand with two knockdowns people may have thought he won but I could have done better . ' Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger and looks the likeliest next opponent . Another meeting with Quillin , although intriguing with the title on the line , is highly unlikely . Lee was knocked to the canvas by Quillin during the very first round of the contest in New York . Lee admitted he had been ` lazy ' in the early stages of the fight , leading to his knockdown and standing count . Quillin is ordered to the corner after Lee falls later in the bout . ` If my next fight is Quillin it should be in Ireland . He has an Irish surname . Maybe he has some ancestors there , ' smiled Lee , who will now look forward to a few weeks off to recharge the batteries before making his next move . Only the American will know how , even though he last fought a year ago , his team somehow allowed their man to miss the weight so spectacularly . The 31-year-old was over by almost a pound-and-a-half . Trainer Adam Booth thought he looked over the limit in the build-up . Lee would never display such a lack of professionalism . The 30-year-old in the form and shape of his life . Title fight or not , this was the Irishman 's chance to show he belongs at boxing 's top table . A polished display was the order of the evening to ensure his rapier-like trajectory continues this year . Quillin insisted before the clash it would be like a chess match . He was right , yet playing with Kings or Queens do n't often lead to the explosion of power which sent Lee spiralling to the canvas at the end of the first round . Quillin 's right connects with Lee 's right shoulder during the Middleweight bout . Lee and Quillin exchange punches at close quarters during the tight contest . Lee is put onto the pack foot as Quillin lines up a punch with his right . Quillin 's right hook rocked the Irishman who was given a standing count . It was just the second time he 'd hit the floor , taking in both his amateur and professional career . No wonder Lee looked dazed . The American was quickly showing why he 's the proud owner of an unblemished record . A razor-sharp combination had Lee reeling again but the Limerick man is a true warrior . A far better third saw Quillin on the backfoot for the first time as , after such a frenetic start , everything began to calm somewhat . Lee went down again and although it was originally scored as a knockdown it later emerged Quillin had stepped on his foot . If the scorecard had taken that into account , a draw could well have turned into an Irish win . Nevertheless , Lee needed some respite . The Brooklyn crowd unleashed some booing to display their displeasure at both fighters standing their ground . Yet the Irishman , who won his last two fights by coming from behind to land the killer blow , would n't have care a jot . Heading into the sixth , Quillin was ahead in the eyes of the judges . Lee , the master of coming from behind to snatch victory , needed something special . Quillin connects with Lee 's cheek with a crunching right . Quillin again makes contact but over the course of the whole fight , he landed fewer punches . The comeback came at the end of the seventh , a crunching right leaving a very open Quillin tumbling . It was the first time he 'd been down in his career . Lee , though , needed more heading into the tenth . The final rounds were dramatic without ever really looking terminal for either fighter . And when the last bell rang , Lee and the amiable Quillin hugged and showed a deep admiration towards each other which has been evident all week . ` The judges see it their way and I respect the decision , ' said the American . ` There is a first time for everything , I got knocked down and thankfully I got up . There is no perfect story , I come from nothing so to have something is a blessing as is going home to a family I love . ` Respect to Andy Lee though . '