Barefoot Louis Tomlinson perches on the edge of a sofa as he appears to roll a joint in a shocking new picture obtained by Daily Mail Online and seen here for the first time today . The image which shows the One Direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry , green weed-like substance and rolling paper was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which Tomlinson has been seen partying hard . That same day Tomlinson , 23 , was photographed returning to his London hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water . Louis , newly single having split from long-term girlfriend Eleanor Calder , left London 's Cirque du Soir nightclub at 4 am this morning and returned to his hotel in the company of five girls . Scroll down for video . After the party : Louis Tomlinson returns to his hotel in London 's Soho yesterday , after partying . It appears to be after the pictures were taken . In today 's new picture , apparently taken in London during this two-day party session , Tomlinson appears to be smiling as he balances a magazine on his lap , smiling distractedly at a girl by his side as he prepares the suspicious cigarette . It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band . Shortly before his announcement it had emerged that Zayn , 22 , and Louis were being forced to post bonds worth close to $ 12,000 to be allowed into the Philippines where they were due to play a concert in Manila . The money was to be forfeited if either were caught using illegal drugs while there . And today 's picture comes in the wake of a video filmed last April where the pair were seen joking about drugs as they appeared to share a joint during the Latin American Leg of their 2014 stadium tour . The explosive video obtained by Daily Mail Online last May sent shock waves through One Direction 's young fan base . ` Happy days ' : What Louis Tomlinson was heard saying as Zayn Malik smoked what appeared to be marijuana as the band was ferried to a stadium in Lima , the capital of Peru , for a concert . Still partying : Louis Tomlinson heading for a night on the town in London yesterday . Crowd in : One Direction star Louis Tomlinson leaves London 's Cirque Du Soir with five girls , who went back with him to his hotel in Soho . Louis could be heard narrating from behind the camera as he filmed his bandmate on their way to a One Direction concert in Lima , Peru . At one point he announced : ` So here we are , leaving Peru . Joint lit . Happy days ! ' Fellow band members Harry Styles , Liam Payn and Niall Horan were not present as , during the 15 minute journey in a smoke filled SUV , Louis , from Doncaster , and Zayn , from Bradford , joked with each other and three members of their crew who are travelling with them . A member of the team asked about the filming : ` Are we allowed to talk contraband in this ? ' Louis replied : ` Yes , that 's what it is about . ' Current line-up : The four-member version of One Direction performs in South Africa last month after the departure of Zayn Malik to pursue a solo career . The way they were : Clean-cut One Direction - from left Harry Styles , Zayn Malik , Niall Horan , Louis Tomlinson and Liam Payne . Adopting a faux serious tone as he focused on Zayn who sat beside him wearing jeans and a Bob Marley T-shirt , Louis said : ` Zayn takes his job very seriously . He makes sure he goes through a two hour intense warm-up before every show . Just to get himself in the zone for the show . ` One very , very important factor of Zayn 's warm up of course is Mary J herself . IN fact I will present it to him now for some fantastic singing . ' The band faced heavy criticism after the video leak with thousands of fans dumping tickets to their shows . Liam Payne tweeted an apology saying , ` I love my boys and maybe things have gone a little sideways . I apologize for that . ' He added : ` We are only in our 20s and we all do stupid things at this age . ' Daily Mail Online has approached the band 's spokesman for comment .