Chelsea captain John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world 's best players after the Belgian inspired the Blues to a 2-1 win over Stoke . Hazard tucked home a penalty to put Chelsea in front before Charlie Adam scored a memorable 66-yard equaliser for the visitors . But Loic Remy was on hand to turn home Hazard 's square pass to wrap up the three points and take Chelsea seven points clear at the top of the Premier League . Chelsea captain John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world 's best players following the Stoke win . The Belgian international gave Chelsea the lead from the spot and made no mistake against Asmir Begovic . Hazard jumps in the air to celebrate his goal during the hard-fought win over Stoke City in west London . And , in a game where Diego Costa lasted just 10 minutes having been introduced from the bench before being forced off with a hamstring injury , Hazard was the man to make the difference with Terry quick to praise him . ` He was excellent , ' Terry told Sky Sports 1 . ` He has been our best player by a long way this year and in those games when you are looking for a bit of extra , a bit of magic from someone he is the one who steps up and managed to create something . He is up there with the -LRB- Lionel -RRB- Messi 's and -LRB- Cristiano -RRB- Ronaldo 's and can still get better and better . ' With just eight games remaining Chelsea are hot favourites to take the title but Terry is urging caution to those who believe their name is already on the trophy . Diego Costa looks set to miss at least two weeks after suffering a hamstring injury during the match . Costa had only been on the field just over ten minutes before he pulled up with the muscle injury . Jose Mourinho expects the striker to be out for at least two Premier League games following the injury . ` It was a tough game , we knew it was going to be difficult , ' he added . ` They made it difficult last year . First half they were very tight and they are a very well organised team , it was tough but we ground it out . ` It is the old cliche but it is ticking a box then moving on . ` We have a massive game away at QPR , a big London derby for us . We just need to keep putting three points on the board . Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois is left on his back after Charlie Adam 's spectacular wonder goal . ` The goal from Charlie Adam was a great goal and it stunned us just before half-time . ` But we came out in the second half knowing what we had to do , and I think before the international break it was important to get the win and the same again today just to get the momentum . ` We have got the three points and if we keep doing that it will be very difficult for other teams . ' Adam is mobbed by his Stoke City teammates following his sensational goal at Stamford Bridge .