By her own admission , Michelle O'Clee 's story of heartbreak and deception reads like the plot of a best-selling novel . A devoted wife , she was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband -- who explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving secret safe houses , witness protection , police escorts and serious fraud . It was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on Facebook that the awful truth emerged . Now , Michelle , 39 , has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life . Michelle O'Clee , 39 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said her bigamist husband 's ` extraordinary lies ' were like something from a John Grisham thriller . Andrew O'Clee , 36 , secretly moved in Philippa Campbell , who lived 40 miles away . ` In my head it was like dominoes -- flashbacks of everything and it all made sense , ' she said . ` I went into survival mode . I did n't know how he was going to act and I thought , `` I do n't even know this man '' . ' Far from being the loyal husband she believed him to be , Andrew O'Clee , 36 , had secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell , who lived 40 miles away . He went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while Michelle was pregnant with their first child . The bigamist told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme -- and even left mid-way through the birth after claiming that police were waiting for him outside . Last week the ex-soldier was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy . It later emerged he may even have been searching for wife number three after a profile with his name , age , height and location was spotted on a dating website . Michelle told the Sun on Sunday : ` They were extraordinary lies . It 's like something from a John Grisham book . ` This was a man I loved and trusted for 14 years . I 'd thought he was the perfect husband . ' Andrew O'Clee , 36 , -LRB- left -RRB- was caught out when he was tagged in a video on Facebook with his new spouse Philippa -LRB- right -RRB- . The video of the ice bucket challenge was captioned ` uncle Andrew ' and ` auntie Philippa ' Michelle met O'Clee in 2000 when they were both working at a branch of River Island . They got engaged a year later . Years after , he would present Miss Campbell with an engagement ring identical to the one he gave Michelle . ` I thought he was a nice , polite , well-mannered guy , ' Michelle said . ` We were attracted from the start and he was quite flirtatious . Our first date was on Christmas Eve and he proposed a year later . The ring was exactly the same as Philippa 's , platinum with a princess cut diamond and diamonds on each side . He asked me at the same spot where we 'd first kissed . ' After years of saving , the couple spent £ 30,000 on their dream wedding in 2008 , including a lavish reception at the Great Conservatory at Syon Park in West London . But starting a family proved a struggle . Michelle finally discovered she was pregnant in June 2013 . ` It was that year he told me about the witness protection programme and he had to move out , ' she said . O'Clee , who worked for business services provider ISS , claimed he was involved in a fraud trial , which meant he had to leave their rented flat in West London to be placed in a ` safe house ' . In reality , he had moved in with Miss Campbell , 40 miles away . O'Clee married second wife Philippa in August 2013 at St John the Baptist church in Kirdford , West Sussex -LRB- pictured -RRB- . His first wife Michelle was pregnant at the time , having discovered she was expecting in June 2013 . Michelle opened up about her heartache after finding out that the ex-soldier had presented his new bride with an identical platinum engagement ring . Pictured : The couple 's rings posted on Philippa 's Facebook page . The pair married in August the same year at St John the Baptist church in Kirdford , West Sussex . Miss Campbell , 30 , who did not know he was already married , is standing by him . O'Clee forged a decree nisi and told friends and family he had divorced Michelle because she had cheated on him . He even abandoned her while she was giving birth to their daughter , Amelia . ` At the peak of my labour I was holding on to the bed , and he said `` I have to go because the police are waiting for me '' , ' Michelle added . ` I said , `` Can you not tell them you 're having a baby ? You ca n't leave me '' . But he did . He joked and said , `` Hold it in until I get back '' . ' Soon afterwards Michelle began to grow suspicious . Her sister Jasmine eventually learned the truth while browsing Facebook last year . She stumbled across the video of the ice bucket challenge -- in which people are filmed being drenched in freezing water for charity . It was captioned ` uncle Andrew ' and ` auntie Philippa ' . Michelle said : ` My sister saw it on Andrew 's brother 's Facebook page and thought , `` Oooh , who is auntie Philippa ? '' , then it clicked on to her Facebook page and she saw the profile wedding picture . She told my best friend , who told me Andrew was living a double life . I went into a state of shock . Michelle turned to close friend Myleene Klass -LRB- right -RRB- for support after discovering the truth behind O'Clee 's -LRB- left -RRB- tangled web of deceit . TV presenter Myleene 's own marriage to security boss Graham Quinn also failed . ` He had isolated and cut me off from everybody . I found out he had told his family we had divorced . I did n't see his family for a year because he told me he had fallen out with his mother and brother . ' Michelle said she felt ` stupid ' but had no reason to doubt her husband . ` He is a liar and I had no idea , ' she added . ` He was always vague . When I look back , I never asked questions , I just carried on . ' After discovering her husband 's lies , Michelle said she immediately turned for help to her friend , the musician and TV presenter Myleene Klass , whose own marriage to security boss Graham Quinn failed . The pair have been friends for 15 years after they performed together in Miss Saigon in the West End . ` I knew Myleene would be able to help me , ' Michelle added . ` Not only is she a strong woman but she has had to deal with difficult issues herself . She 's my rock . '