The runaway success of Furious 7 shows no signs of slowing down as the high-octane action movie enjoyed its third winning weekend in a row at the domestic box office . The reigning box office champion might have slowed from its blockbuster debut , but Furious 7 maintained first place for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $ 29.1 million , according to box office tracker Rentrak on Sunday . This brings the fast car sequel 's domestic total to a staggering $ 294 million , well above the $ 202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013 . Scroll down for video . The fast car sequel , starring Vin Diesel , has raced to number seven on the list of highest grossing movies in just three weeks and is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks . Crashing hit : The blockbuster , also co-starring Vin Diesel and Jason Statham , has already earned $ 1 billion . On Friday , Furious 7 joined the $ 1 billion club at the worldwide box office , leaping into the top twenty grossing films of all time worldwide . Over the weekend , Furious 7 added even more to its international total , jumping even higher on the all-time worldwide charts . Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide , ranking seventh with $ 1.152 billion . With Furious 7 still going strong , the question becomes now how high can it climb ? The film will almost certainly race past Iron Man 3 and Frozen to join the top five all-time at the worldwide box office before the month is out . ` The film has set a new standard for the potential for box-office in the pre-summer month of April and has truly become part of movie folklore with its record setting numbers , strong reviews , spectacular word-of-mouth and of course the outpouring of support for late star Paul Walker , ' Rentrak 's Senior Media Analyst Paul Dergarabedian said . Poll position : Furious 7 , starring the late Paul Walker , right , won the box office crown for the third week running , taking an estimated $ 29.1 million over the weekend . Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 came in a close second with an estimated $ 24 million . While the PG-rated comedy did n't perform as well as the first film 's $ 31.8 million opening in 2009 , it did surpass Sony 's modest expectations . Also , it only cost $ 30 million to produce . ` It 's a great result . It 's going to be very profitable for us and a big success , ' Sony 's President of Worldwide Distribution Rory Bruer said . ` It was something that Kevin really wanted to do and we wanted to do it with him , ' he said . ` Kudos to Kevin for working so hard in promoting the film . ' Dergarabedian said ` Blart 's ' opening ` proves that if you give the people what they want , you can make a tidy profit . ' Meanwhile , the low-budget , social media themed thriller Unfriended took third place with $ 16 million -- sixteen times its production budget .