The former Miss Italy finalist who has accused film mogul Harvey Weinstein of molesting her tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role , it has been alleged . Ambra Battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by Weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in Manhattan . It has been claimed the delay was because the Italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role . But once the ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case , sources told the New York Post . See below for video . Accusations : Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a ` business meeting ' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan last Friday night . Beauty queen : Battilana is pictured left during the Miss Italia contest in Rome in 2011 and right in 2010 . After filing her police report on Friday , March 27 , Battilana was eventually interviewed by Manhattan DA prosecutors on Wednesday , April 1 , at the NYPD Special Victims Squad 's office in East Harlem . Sources told the New York Post her former lawyer , Mark Jay Heller , withdrew from the case as he was concerned Battilana did not appear to be a ` serious victim ' . The day after submitting her police report , the Italian model attended a Saturday matinee of the Weinstein-produced Broadway play ` Finding Neverland ' and even tweeted a photo of her $ 277 , sixth-row orchestra seat . But her new lawyer , David Godosky , refuted the claims , saying : ` She immediately went to the police , immediately cooperating with the Special Victims Squad . ' Out and about : Harvey Weinstein is pictured leaving his New York townhouse yesterday , nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model . He voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation . Weinstein , who has produced several Oscar-winning films , such as Shakespeare in Love , Pulp Fiction and The King 's Speech , is said to have met Battilana on Thursday last week at the opening of a show at Radio City Music Hall . The next day he invited her for a business meeting at his Tribeca Film Festival office on Friday night . She claimed the 63-year-old Hollywood producer asked her if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt . He also asked her for a kiss , she claimed . Security footage shows the model speaking on the phone as she exited the building half an hour after arriving , it has been reported . Mr Weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , but a recorded conversation between him and Battilana shows he did not deny the incident , it has been claimed . ` He did n't deny doing what she said he did to her , ' the source told the New York Daily News . ` The content of the phone call , there 's no question about what he did . ' She also convinced him to meet him a restaurant and the NYPD were also there to watch that meeting , according to the newspaper . It is not clear if he was aware he was being monitored , but following the call and the meeting , he voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday . He requested a lawyer and has promised full cooperation with the probe . Weinstein could face misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations are credible . No charges have been filed and his representatives say they believe he will be cleared . ` We are confident that we will be fully vindicated , ' a Weinstein spokesman said . A source close to The Weinstein Company told Page Six the groping allegations were nothing more than a ` blackmail attempt ' and insisted the award-winning producer ` did nothing wrong ' . Model : Battilana -LRB- pictured -RRB- claims he assaulted her at his office on Friday after meeting him at a red carpet event on Thursday night . Afterwards , she called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him . The day after submitting her police report , the Italian model attended a Saturday matinee of the Weinstein-produced Broadway play ` Finding Neverland ' and ever tweeted a photo of her $ 277 , sixth-row orchestra seat . Under surveillance : Following the alleged incident , she arranged to meet with him at the restaurant of the Tribeca Grand Hotel -LRB- pictured -RRB- and the meeting was monitored by police , according to reports . Weinstein 's camp have dismissed Battilana as an opportunist with a suspect past . It has emerged that Battilana previously told Italian authorities she witnessed a so-called ` bunga-bunga ' orgy involving disgraced Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi at his Milan mansion in 2010 . She claimed she had seen young models performing stripteases and baring their breasts to be kissed by the Italian leader during a raunchy dinner party . It was also revealed she told Italian police in 2010 she was ` forced against ' her will into having sex for money with a 70-year-old ` businessman of substantial means ' when she was underage . Battilana met the wealthy car dealer in September 2009 when she was under 18 and therefore below the age of consent for prostitution in Italy , according to Italian newspaper reports . In her police statement , she said the man invited her into his car , where he then caressed ` my hand and left leg ' and proposed ` that I become his ` playmate ' , she said . Battilana said he then gave her a bag with € 2,000 , before assuring her it was only ` an advance of the € 5,000 he would give me every month ' . She added : ` Despite the indecency of the proposal , both because of my psychological subjection in which I found myself and because of the severe poverty of my family I felt forced against my will not to refuse the money . ' Weinstein has been married to his second wife , 38-year-old fashion designer Georgina Chapman , since 2007 . The couple have two young children together . The relationship ended when she was accepted into the Miss Italia 2010 pageant . Prosecutors in Italy asked for the rape allegation to be dismissed in 2012 but it was not reported whether the judge granted the dismissal - although it is likely it would have been carried out . In 2012 , the Alba prosecutor told Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that Battilana never showed up to talk to them about her police complaint so they were unable to verify her claims . After becoming famous through the Miss Italia pageant , Battilana began modeling professionally in 2011 , according to social media . She works internationally in Milan , London , Paris and New York . She recently shot an editorial campaign for Bambi magazine in Agent Provocateur lingerie . Weinstein , who is originally from Queens , New York , founded Miramax studio with his brother Bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200 million . He is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman , 38 , who founded the luxury label Marchesa . The couple have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . Weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant , Eve Chilton , which ended in 2004 . The alleged groping took place on Friday at the Weinstein Company offices in Manhattan -LRB- pictured -RRB- where Battilana had met Weinstein to ` discuss business '