Hundreds of foreigners have been evacuated from Yemen after weeks of fierce fighting in the war-torn country . China 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military . They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia , Singapore , Italy , Germany , Poland , Ireland , Britain , Canada and Yemen . Scroll down for video . Evacuees : People wait to step down the Chinese Linyi missile frigate when they arrive in Djibouti . Rescue mission : Soldiers of Chinese People 's Liberation Army see off a fleet before it sets out for Aden , Yemen . People prepare to board the Chinese Linyi missile frigate in Aden Harbor , Yemen , -LRB- left -RRB- and crew members help a woman board -LRB- right -RRB- . Safely off : People step down from the Chinese Linyi missile frigate when they arrive in Djibouti , Horn of Africa . Russian soil : The first Russian plane brings Russian , Belarusian , Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia . Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects , including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital , Sanaa . A Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden , Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed . It came the same day Saudi-led war planes made a weapons drop in Aden following a fortnight of fighting between rebel forces and a Saudi-led coalition that has seen hundreds killed . On Thursday , Yemeni rebels seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi 's palace as Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak . But now fighters loyal to Yemen 's president have pushed Houthi fighters back from central Aden on Friday after they were reinforced with weapons parachuted into their beleaguered section of the southern port city . Weapons : Tribal militiamen loyal to Yemeni President Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi collect boxes full of weapons reportedly dropped by the Saudi-led coalition . Standing guard : Soldiers of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army stand on the deck before a fleet sets out for Aden , Yemen . Landed : Russians and other nationals arrive on home soil after being evacuated from Aden . Safe again : The first Russian plane brings Russian , Belarusian , Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia . Out of war-zone : Evacuees from Yemen pictured on a bus at Chkalovsky airfield in Russia . The military setback for the Shi'ite Houthis came after days of advances in Aden , the last major foothold of fighters loyal to president Hadi . The Chinese missile frigate Linyi brought those displaced to Djibouti in the Horn of Africa , where the took flights home . It was carrying out anti-piracy patrols off the coast of Somalia when it was diverted to Yemen to evacuate people trapped by the fighting . Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said it was ` a humanitarian relief action ' taken at the request of ` relevant countries ' . She said : ` It is also the first time the Chinese government has taken special action to help with the evacuation of foreign citizens in dangerous areas ' . ` It fully demonstrates the spirit of internationalism and humanitarianism of the Chinese side ' . Elsewhere , Al Qaeda fighters managed to seize a local army headquarters in Mukalla . The jihadists killed an unspecified number of soldiers and captured a large cache of military hardware , according to a security official . Vocal : A Kashmiri Shia Muslim protester shouts slogans against Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen during a protest in Srinagar , Indian controlled Kashmir . Demonstration : Supporters of the Shiite Huthi militia attend a demonstration in Yemen 's second larget city of Taez . Conflict : Members of the Shiite Huthi militia in Yemen 's second larget city of Taez . Two sides : A supporter of the Shiite Huthi militia -LRB- left -RRB- and Yemeni people take part in a demonstration in support of the Saudi-led operations against Houthis , following the Friday prayer in Ibb . Anti airstrikes : Kashmiri Shiite Muslims shout slogans during a protest in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , India . Meanwhile , thousands of people have staged demonstrations in different countries in protest against the ongoing Saudi military aggression against members of the Houthi Ansarullah movement . Iranian protesters turned out en masse for a rally in the capital Tehran following Friday prayers , demanding an end to the Saudi involvement in the conflict . Similar demonstrations were also held in other parts of Iran , including Ahvaz , Ardabil , Mashhad and Tabriz . Supporters of Yemen 's former president Ali Abdullah Saleh shout slogans during a rally in Sanaa . Armed : A Yemeni woman holds a rifle during a demonstration against airstrikes carried out by the Saudi-led Arab coalition . Colourful : Supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh loyal to Houthi rebels , shout slogans during a rally protesting against the Saudi-led military operation . Protesters also took to the streets , shouted slogans and held placards during a demonstration in the Indian-administered Kashmir against the Saudi military campaign . A rally was also held in Yemen 's capital Sanaa as the United Nations revealed at least 519 people have so far lost their lives in the conflict .