Arsenal must make a swift decision on Petr Cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper . The Chelsea shot-stopper looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season after losing the No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois . Cech will hold talks with manager Jose Mourinho at the end of the season where the keeper will confirm his decision to leave west London . Arsenal must make a swift decision on Petr Cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper . The Chelsea stopper looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season after losing his No 1 spot . Arsene Wenger must be swift with a move for his top goalkeeping target to beat the competition to him . The Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move for the keeper ahead of next season . However , Arsenal will not be the only club interested in luring Cech when the transfer window reopens . Liverpool , Paris Saint-Germain , Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old and Cech is understood to be keen on resolving his future as quickly as possible this summer . That means the Gunners could miss out on their primary goalkeeping target if they do n't make an early move . However , there are some major obstacles Arsenal must overcome before landing Cech . The first is the goalkeeper 's valuation . Despite the fact Cech enters the final year of his contract this summer , Chelsea will demand in excess of £ 10million for the custodian . Thibaut Courtois has become Chelsea 's first choice goalkeeper after three years on loan at Atletico Madrid . Chelsea 's stance over their players joining rivals weakened with the sale of Juan Mata to Manchester United . The Blues believe Cech can play for at least another eight seasons and that his next club will be signing a world class goalkeeper in his prime . His price will reflect that view . Likewise , the Gunners may find that Chelsea are reluctant to sell them Cech . In recent years , the Blues have shown a hesitancy in selling players to their Premier League rivals , though that stance weakened last season with Juan Mata 's exit to Manchester United . Cech and Courtois have spent a season sharing the gloves at Chelsea , but the veteran will now move on . Signing Cech would significantly strengthen the Gunners next season , and Chelsea could yet refuse to sell the keeper to their London rivals . Cech would consider moving to the Emirates Stadium , despite spending over 10 years with Chelsea , and hopes his long period of service will allow him to make the final decision on his next destination .