A mother whose twins were born so early they spent their first two months in intensive care has revealed she almost lost her son Mason a second time after he contracted an extremely rare virus . Lauren Perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy , and doctors feared the worst . Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . Lauren Perry 's -LRB- right -RRB- son , Mason -LRB- pictured with sister Chloe and dad Mitch Window -RRB- , contracted a flesh-eating disease . But the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there . Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . It perforated his bowel and ate tissue from his chest cavity . ` He had his colostomy when he was one-day-old so we had to wait until he was much older and bigger to have it removed , ' Ms Perry told Daily Mail Australia . She was forced to deliver her twins via caesarean 10 weeks early after he water broke at 30 weeks . Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . After the surgery , Mason -LRB- pictured with his parents -RRB- - who was eight months at the time - started going down hill pretty quickly . About a month ago , Mason - who was eight months old - was admitted to Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital in Brisbane to have his colostomy removed , in what his mother described as a ` pretty routine operation ' . After the surgery , the young boy went into recovery , but started to go downhill quickly . ` We were holding him and over a few hours he became really hot and had a fever , ' Ms Perry revealed . ` His vital signs were dropping and he was having trouble breathing . ' ` His stomach just tripled in size and had this red purple rash all over him , and as a mum you just know when something 's not right . ' Fortunately , Mason recovered from the virus . Here he is seen with his scar after having his colostomy removed . Ms Perry said her son 's vital signs started dropping and he was having trouble breathing after the surgery . The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason 's chest and abdomen , leaving him fighting for his life . When the doctor who performed Mason 's initial surgery came to check on the infant , he immediately rushed the baby back into theatre for an emergency procedure . ` It was a bug that pretty much just ate all the tissue in his chest and abdomen , ' the twins ' mother said . ` They said if we 'd waited another hour or two he would have definitely died , it attacks so quickly , ' Ms Perry added . Mason had contracted necrotising fasciitis , a serious rapidly spreading infection that results in death of tissue . ` It can be fatal if symptoms go undetected - approximately 25 per cent of patients with necrotising fasciitis and more than 30 per cent with streptococcal toxic shock syndrome die , ' Fionnagh Dougan , Chief Executive of Children 's Health Queensland , told Daily Mail Australia . ` A combination of bacteria caused Mason 's case of necrotising fasciitis . ' Ms Perry revealed after such a tough few months early on in Chloe and Mason 's life , she did not know what to expect when he fell ill again . Thankfully Mason is now doing better but his mum says he is not quite back to normal just yet . Ms Perry said her and her partner were simply grateful for all the moments they got to share with their twins . Ms Perry praised the work of doctors at Lady Cilento where her son was treated , describing their work as ` amazing ' . Ms Doughan echoed this . ` The speed at which Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital clinicians identified Mason 's symptoms was paramount to his recover , ' Ms Doughan said . ` Mason 's treatment included the rapid administration of intravenous broad spectrum antibiotics and surgical removal of dying tissue as required . ` We were delighted that Mason responded quickly to the range of antibiotics prescribed to combat the bacteria . ' Ms Perry revealed after such a tough few months early on in Chloe and Mason 's life , she did not know what to expect when he fell ill again . When her waters broke at 23 weeks , the doctor 's prognosis was nothing short of grim . ` They said that normally when your waters break you go into labour within 24 hours and they said that would probably happen , ' Ms Perry said . ` They said they could n't resuscitate a baby that small ... so they said it would probably be best to wrap them up and keep them warm and cuddle them for as long as we can . ' Luckily after a few hurdles , the twins were able to go home after eight weeks , but when Mason got sick again she thought she may never get to take her little boy home for good . ` I honestly thought I would never get to take him home . I remember just collapsing on the floor with my dad and saying `` That 's my baby . What am I going to do if he dies ? '' ' Ms Perry said . Thankfully Mason is now doing better but his mum says he is not quite back to normal . ` I think the professor that operated that said he 's never seen something like what happened to Mason and he 's lucky to be alive , ' Ms Perry said . ` He 's not himself , he does n't want to be put down , and he was starting to crawl and sit up but he ca n't do that . ` I think he still feels very vulnerable . ' But Ms Perry said her and her partner , Mitch Window , were simply grateful for all the moments they got to share with their twins . ` We do n't take anything for granted , ' she said .