Nestled in eastern Long Island is a sleepy little town called Yaphank where the streets have cozy names like Oak and Park , names that hide a dark past : they once bore signs like Hitler and Goebbels Streets . Yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for Americans -- most of them of German heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich . In fact , it was largely founded as a Nazi camp , one of several scattered across the U.S. , where the children in the German American Bund -LRB- AKA American Nazis -RRB- could fish , swim , hunt and learn about things like eugenics . Scroll down for video . Nazi camp : Yaphank , Long Island was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics . Camp Siegfried was founded by the American Nazi group , the German American Bund . The group set up pro-Nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations , teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors . Today , Yaphank is still a town on Long Island . Missing now , though , are the homes with swastikas built into the brick work and hedges , pro-Hitler parades and , of course , the Nazi camp . That camp was founded in 1935 by Friends of New Germany , writes Dangerousminds.net . That group went on to become the German American Bund . The Bund in Yaphank , as it did in similar communities in Pennsylvania , Wisconsin and New Jersey , organized military demonstrations where they waved both the American and Nazi flags . In an article published in the Long Island History Journal , Stony Brook University historian Ryan Shaffer describes a typical day at Camp Siegfried thusly : . ` Locals from Yaphank , Jamesport , Aquebogue , and Riverhead visited the camp to drink beer , join in the festive atmosphere walking or driving down Hitler Street to salute American and Nazi flags . ' Shaffer writes that ` support for Nazi Germany in the United States was a unique blend of German and American ideology rather than just a foreign import . ' However , members had to be Aryan and were united in their belief that those with German blood would lead America into a ` new era . ' Adolf Hitler Street : Yaphank once had streets named Adolf Hitler , Goebbels and Goering as well as Berliner and Hamberger . Most of the names have since been changed , but the county still retains the original maps . Swastika hedge : Gone now , too , are the swastikas that once adorned the lawns and buildings of the camp and town . ` Locals from Yaphank , Jamesport , Aquebogue , and Riverhead visited the camp to drink beer , join in the festive atmosphere walking or driving down Hitler Street to salute American and Nazi flags , ' notes Stony Brook University historian Ryan Shaffer . In the years leading to America joining the Allies , the FBI and New York police started to keep an eye on the Bund in Yaphank . Photos that only recently became available were mainly taken by New York police and can be viewed here . The FBI once noted that Yaphank contained 150 to 300 children who ` used to wear a uniform like that of the Hitler Youth in Germany . ' Things fell apart for the Bund in 1941 after the U.S. declared war on Germany and open support of Hitler became criminal . The bund 's leader Fritz Julius Kuhn was imprisoned for tax evasion and embezzling and the group faded into obscurity . In Yaphank , Camp Siegfried was shut down and taken over by the German-American Settlement league , which still runs it today , according to untappedcities.com . The park is apparently for private use only . A German American Settlement League sign reads ` Private community -- members and guests only . ' The street names like Hitler , Goebbels and Goering have gone . Adolf Hitler Street is now Park Street , Goering is now Oak and Goebbels is Northside Avenue . Nazi salute : In the run-up to 1941 , the FBI and NYPD kept close tabs on the Bun . The FBI once noted the Yaphank had 150 to 300 children who ` used to wear a uniform like that of the Hitler Youth in Germany '