Michelle Pfeiffer is the latest Hollywood star preparing to hit the small screen . The Oscar nominated star known for her roles in iconic films such as Scarface , Dangerous Liaisons and The Age of Innocence , has teamed up with Katie Couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program . Also involved in the project , in which Pfeiffer is attached to star , is Diane English , the creator of Murphy Brown . Scroll down for video . Michelle Pfeiffer -LRB- left -RRB- is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric -LRB- right -RRB- . The series was created by Diane English -LRB- above with Candice Bergen -RRB- , who was behind the show Murphy Brown , about a female news anchor . According to Variety , Pfeiffer 's role will be that of a morning news anchor , making it very similar to the real life role Couric played as co-host of Today for 15 years . Couric will serve as an executive producer and help ` ensure the series strikes realistic notes . ' The creator behind the project , English , was previously the brains behind Brown , the show starring Candice Bergen that centered around a female news anchor and ran for ten seasons , winning 18 Emmys . English would also serve as a writer , producer and showrunner on the program . The ladies are currently in talks with HBO , Showtime , AMC , Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program . Couric will serve as an executive producer , drawing on her experience as an anchor on Today for 15 years . Pfeiffer would be the one of the biggest stars yet to move to television , joining a group that now includes House of Cards stars Robin Wright and Kevin Spacey , True Detective leads Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson , and even Lady Gaga , who recently announced she would be appearing on the next season of American Horror Story . The actress has kept a low profile for the past 20 years since becoming a mother , only doing a handful of films in that time . She most recently appeared alongside Robert De Niro in the mob comedy ` The Family . '