A Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today . Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' . She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK . Scroll down for video . On his way to Britain : Zbigniew Huminski -LRB- left -RRB- , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe -LRB- right -RRB- , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' Horrifying : The little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken . Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ` heard her daughter 's screams ' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything . Jean Pierre Valensi , the prosecutor of nearby Boulogne-sur-Mer , said Huminski was arrested hours later and ` immediately recognised his involvement in the murder of the child . ' DNA evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ` strangulation and sexual violence ' , said Mr Valensi . Tests also showed Huminski was over the alcohol limit for driving . Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ` extreme violence ' including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife . But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car this week , and intended to travel to Britain to stay with family who had emigrated there , said Mr Valensi . Chloe was playing with a friend on Wednesday afternoon when she approached Huminski , who had stopped his car to drink a beer , and squirted him with her water pistol . Remembered : Relatives of Chloe are joined in a march in Calais today following the nine-year-old girl 's death . Walking together : The Mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart -LRB- right -RRB- and the mother -LRB- centre -RRB- of Chloe , identified only as Isabelle , leave Calais city hill with relatives today . The Pole later told French Police that he grabbed her and forced her into his red Seat Toledo before driving her three miles to the nearby Dubrulle Wood . Isabelle , who had left briefly to take her son to a sports match , began screaming the moment she saw the man , described by witnesses as bald and wearing sunglasses , pushing Chloe into his car . The car , which had Polish number plates , was found by police near where Chloe was killed . Isabelle did not even have time to reach Chloe 's father so they could launch a formal missing persons appeal before her body was discovered . ` I 've begun to understand I will never see Chloe again , ' Isabelle told Le Parisien . ` It 's tough . Very hard . Above all , I do not know when or how I 'm going to tell his little sister and little brother . They are only five and four years old , I do not know if they can understand . ' Huminski , who is single , originally moved to France in the early 2000s , and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the Foreign Legion as a soldier . He was rejected because of his criminal background , and then said he wanted to go and live with his sister in England . Huminski was on his way to Southampton , where his sister lives , French prosecutors confirmed tonight . Flowers : Ms Bouchart -LRB- left -RRB- comforts Isabelle -LRB- right -RRB- , as relatives and people gather during a march in Calais . Emotional day : A person holds a portrait during a march in Calais in homage to the nine-year-old girl . In 2009 he was lodging in Calais with a Bulgarian immigrant when he attacked a pensioner in her own home , tying her up , before running away with the equivalent of £ 50 in cash . Psychiatric reports presented in court portrayed Huminiski as a ` chronic alcoholic ' known for violent burglaries in both France and Britain . He was last convicted in France in April 2010 , when has jailed for six years for aggravated assault , before being released early on March 27 , 2014 , when he was deported to Warsaw . Chloe is said to have pointed a water pistol at Huminski as part of a childish game before he bundled her into the back of his red Seat Toledo at about 3.30 pm yesterday , the prosecutor said . The child 's body was found around two hours later , three miles away in the Dubrulle Wood . Sadness : Women place flowers at a playground in the neighbourhood where Chloe was taken yesterday . Distraught : Today people laid flowers at the place where the girl was snatched by the Polish man -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Until a few weeks ago , it was the site of a large immigrant camp , made up of mainly men trying to get aboard ferries sailing to the south coast of England . Such camps are regularly razed by the French authorities , with the migrants moved on . Natacha Bouchart , the Calais mayor , said : ` I was informed at 4.30 pm that a young girl was abducted by a man in a red car as she left school in the Chateaubriand area of Calais , at around 3.30 pm . A city security chief found an empty red car registered in Poland in Dubrulle Wood , in the north of the city . ` He then called the police , who found the body of the girl in the woods . During the same patrol , they found the person who owned the vehicle , apparently a Polish national . ' The mayor has been at the forefront of a campaign to clear out all illegal migrants from her city , saying they are behind all kinds of crimes in the region . Tragic decision : Chloe 's mother had let her continue playing in Calais because it was nice outside . Shocking : Prosecutor Jean-Pierre Valensi -LRB- pictured -RRB- said forensic investigators reported evidence of ` strangulation and sexual violence ' , and that the Polish man in question had admitted to the killing . The mother of a child who went to school with Chloe told Agence France-Presse : ` It 's horrific . My son knew her , he did n't sleep last night . He knows he will never see her again . I ca n't even imagine what the parents are going through . ' French Prime Minister Manuel Valls called for light to be shed on the suspect 's history , saying the family and community were ` deeply shocked ' by the murder . ` It is up to the legal system now to carry out the investigation and what we owe to the family is the whole truth , ' he said . Calais was plunged into mourning after the killing of the girl described as ` cheerful and full of life ' . Residents planned a march in memory of Chloe today . Flags in the town were already being flown at half mast . Huminski will now be kept in custody pending a criminal trial for murder .