Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain may face the heartache of missing the climax of Arsenal 's season for the second successive year . Oxlade-Chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin problem and has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week but is not certain and admits the England midfielder may not play again this season . Arsenal midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury . Manager Arsene Wenger confirmed Oxlade-Chamberlain would definitely not face Reading in the FA Cup . ` It is in the balance , ' said Wenger . ` The inflammation has not completely cleared . He is on the way , building up and he might join in next week in full training and then we see . He is at least two weeks away . ' Oxlade-Chamberlain has endured bad fortune with injuries , missing the final month of last season , including the FA Cup final when Arsenal lifted their first trophy in nine years . He returned to be selected for England 's World Cup squad but injured a knee in a warm-up game and did not feature in the finals . And he has not played for more than five weeks since he came off injured during the FA Cup quarter-final at Manchester United . Oxlade-Chamberlain tussles with Manchester United left back Luke Shaw during the FA Cup quarter-final . Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is also on the club 's injury list and is ruled out for the Reading match . Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta , out since November with calf and ankle injuries , will also miss out at Wembley but is expected to return to full training with the first-team squad on Monday or Tuesday after his latest set-back . ` He has a little ankle inflammation when he moved out of the last game against Stoke , in the reserves , and since he has not been back in the squad but he should be back next week , ' said Wenger . Jack Wilshere , who has not played since November and required surgery on an ankle injury , will be in Arsenal 's squad for the FA Cup semi-final . ` He has improved physically , ' said Wenger . ` You want me to say yes or no will he start but I honestly have n't decided . He is fit enough to be in the squad and he will be in the squad . ' There is some good news though as Arsenal can welcome back Jack Wilshere to their first-team squad .