It 's one of the most striking style transformations in British politics . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning . The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC 's Andrew Marr Show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique . Scroll down for video . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets -LRB- in 2012 , left -RRB- and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning -LRB- right -RRB- . Miss Sturgeon -LRB- pictured last year , right , and in 2009 , left -RRB- is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the Scottish parliament election in 2007 . She looked svelte in the £ 179 knee-length 1940 's - style ` Blitz ' dress by Edinburgh fashion label Totty Rocks , which was paired with a pair of raspberry stilettos . Miss Sturgeon has been praised recently for her sartorial choices . She now favours skirt suits that cinch in at the waist and skim the knee . She is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the Scottish parliament election in 2007 . And her hair has been dyed lighter and cut it in a shorter , sleeker style . Miss Sturgeon 's new look is a world away from her appearance in 2010 when she modelled clothes made from blankets in a charity event -LRB- left -RRB- . In earlier photographs , from the late 1990s -LRB- left -RRB- , Miss Sturgeon 's dark hair , cut into a choppy style , made her look older than her years . Nicola Sturgeon as a schoolgirl , right . Although the SNP leader claims to be uninterested in splashing out on expensive clothes and bags in the past , she has admitted to a fondness for Kurt Geiger shoes . Miss Sturgeon 's new look is a world away from her appearance in 2010 when she modelled clothes made from blankets in a charity event . In a shapeless knee-length yellow shift dress , Miss Sturgeon looked less groomed and glamorous than she has in recent months . And in earlier photographs , from the late 1990s , Miss Sturgeon 's dark hair , cut into a choppy style , made her look older than her years .