What are the chances of finding musical talent by randomly approaching people on the street ? Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody . The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire , clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe . The clip shows Adam and Matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7-Eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer . It 's then they happen upon a pleasant surprise . Brisbane based Singer Ross Bunbury offers his vocals to DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher in a viral video . The duo hail down a jogger on the street and ask : ` do you mind singing something real quick ? ' ` What do you want me to sing ? ' the panting jogger asks , to which they reply : ` just make something up . ' The mystery runner then launches into a moving melody , seemingly leaving the DJs lost for words . ` We were pretty shocked . We had been approaching people all afternoon , and suddenly we found someone who not only sings but is willing to bust out like that on the first try , ' Matt told Daily Mail Australia . ' They later sampled the velvet vocals of the jogger , which they described as ` actually amazing , ' into an electronic dance song . ` As DJ 's we try to collaborate with as many people as we can , but it 's not always easy to link up with Black Eyed Peas or David Guetta , so we decided to hit the streets . ' The DJ 's said they were shocked to find such an impressive talent on the street , and that it proves there is talent to be found beyond artists featured on TV and radio . The duo approach the likes of a busdriver and 7-Eleven clerk and invite them to collaborate . Last month , the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman . But the seemingly blasé response of the DJs in their latest clip has fuelled accusations that the video was staged . ` People are entitled to their opinion , ' Matt said . ` We always get a wide range of responses to our videos , and that 's fine . All we wanted to do was show you there is a talent everywhere , not just on the TV and radio , ' said Matt . The band has since received a flurry of requests to release a full version of the song , which they plan to do at a later date . ` We 're pretty stoked at how much the video has taken off . It 's very exciting . Hopefully we can do something for the singer too , it would be amazing if he got signed ! ' Last month , the boys released a similar video which saw them order Domino 's pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman . The duo said they are ` stoked ' with the success of the video and they hope it will help the singer they featured raise his profile . The jogger in the clip was later revealed as Ross Burbury -LRB- pictured , -RRB- a singer songwriter from Brisbane . The singer in the video , later revealed as Ross Burbury , is a singer songwriter from Brisbane who is also head of direct sales at News Corporation . Daily Mail Australia has contacted Mr Burbury for comment but he was unavailable at the time of publication . Mashed N Kutcher , who formed in 2013 , have built a strong following from their mashups and energetic live shows . Their first single Do It Now charted in the national Top 30 on iTunes and was the number one trending track in Brisbane on popular music app Shazam . Mashed N Kutcher , who are signed to Warner Music , have built a strong following from their mashups and energetic live shows . You can check their official YouTube channel here .