A dozen or more metal implements are arranged in neat rows on the table next to the bed . They look like something Frankenstein might have had applied to his monster 's neck . I begin to feel nervous . What on earth have I got myself into ? The pristine white room adds to the feeling that I 'm about to undergo major surgery . But I 'm not . I 'm here to try the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene : the tuning fork facial . Offered at the upmarket Hale Clinic in London and other clinics nationwide , the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate . Tuned in : Marianne is given the tuning fork treatment . When they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck , the jowls , forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin , eradicate dark circles , lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen . The results mean that your face looks younger , brighter and more toned . Some say it 's the non-jab equivalent of Botox . The treatment comes from the U.S. - where else ? Advocates claim the ` sound waves of the forks vibrate and travel deeply into the body along energy pathways , affecting human physiology and reaching places not easily accessed ' . So far , so New Age gibberish . There seems to be no scientific proof that tuning forks can make you look younger , prettier or more rested . It sounds nutty - the kind of thing practised by people who like panpipes and hemp seeds . The UK beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth £ 17 bn . I prefer my facials to involve peels , not strange pieces of metal . But while I may be sceptical , I am also , at 37 , willing to try anything . Over the past few years , frown lines have begun to appear on my forehead , and my face appears increasingly pale , puffy and bloated . I explain all this to therapist Samara Reid , who 's sympathetic . ` What 's wonderful about these facials is they improve the appearance of the skin , but also treat the cause of the problem , ' she says . ` If you 're pale , you probably have poor circulation . The forks can boost blood flow , which will give you a healthier colour . ' Samara has been a facial acupuncturist for 20 years , but she has started using the forks on their own and in conjunction with needles . ` I can see my jawline for the first time in a while , and my skin looks plumper and pink , rather than white ' The therapies work on the same principle of Chinese acupuncture , which follows the idea that our body 's energy - or ` Qi ' - flows through 12 main channels called meridians . If this flow is interrupted , it can cause ill health and affect our appearance , causing premature ageing , dry skin and eye bags . Inserting needles or vibrating tuning fork on these trigger points supposedly restores the flow of energy , improving fine lines and circulation , leading to a clearer , rejuvenated complexion . Samara uses them together for a more powerful effect , but for the needle-phobic the forks can be used on their own . Certain forks are designed for different parts of the face and the body - there are dozens of them , with names such as ` Sun ' , ` Earth ' and ` New Moon ' . The physical vibrations have an effect on the body , while the sound from the forks is simultaneously soothing . Samara pings one of the forks and puts it up to my ear . The sound is magical , like a xylophone from outer space . She asks me to get on the bed and remove my socks . She explains she will tap my feet with the forks and apply needles to ` bring the energy down for grounding ' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- before starting on the face and getting the energy flowing all around my body . Samara uses a ` Gold Ohm Unison ' tuning fork . She strikes it against a hard disc strapped on her leg , which creates a vibration , before putting the base of the fork on various points on my feet . I can feel a gentle , deep vibration travel through my feet and halfway up my legs . It 's a strange , tingly sensation , and builds as she places the fork on more points on my feet . Within two minutes I feel as if I 'm floating . She then puts needles in between my toes to ` cleanse the system ' . They do n't hurt at all . Then she moves to my face . She feels around my jawline and says she can feel I have raised glands . She asks if I get a lot of sore throats , and I say yes . ` The vibration from the forks can help the lymph glands to drain , which will help bring down the swelling , ' she says , adding that all she 's doing is ` clearing blockages ' , which will help everything work better . Inserting needles or vibrating tuning fork on these trigger points supposedly restores the flow of energy , improving fine lines and circulation , leading to a clearer , rejuvenated complexion . Marinna finds the physical vibrations have an effect on the body , while the sound from the forks is simultaneously soothing . She also explains that she uses tuning forks to help tighten loose muscle around the jawline . As she puts the base of the ` Earth ' fork around my jawline , the vibrations go deep into my head . It feels odd , but also rather lovely . She then puts the forks up to my ears and I hear a clear , deep , bell-like sound that feels as if it 's cleaning my mind . All my normal chattering thoughts are gone for a moment . Samara , who is wafting around the room ethereally , as New Aged therapists are wont to do , explains in her soft , slow voice that different forks have different sounds , varying from deep and resonant to high-pitched . She says the ` New Moon ' fork is good for wrinkles and crow 's feet , because it relaxes the skin . But when she starts talking about how the sounds will ` bring me into alignment with the cycles and rhythms of the cosmos ' , it feels a step too far . She found the effect was less pronounced the following day - although she still looked better . I begin to feel it is all ridiculous . But then she moves up my face . Samara tells me I have deep lines between my nose and mouth and my cheeks are puffy . She asks if I get a lot of sinus problems . Again , I say yes . She 's more thorough than some GPs I 've seen . Samara presses the forks along the side of my nose , where the vibrations should help drain the sinuses , and then my eyes , where apparently they will help reduce dark circles . Finally , Samara comes to my forehead . She tells me I have a line forming between my eyebrows , known as the ` suspended sword ' , which can be caused by fear and concentration . ` Do you frown when you are concentrating ? ' she asks . I do . ` And do you find yourself feeling frightened quite often ? ' she asks . Yes ! This woman is a mind-reader . And then we 're done . It feels as if I 've been lying there for a minute , but Samara tells me it 's nearly an hour . I feel spaced out . I 'm so relaxed it 's hard to speak . Apparently , this is normal , the result of feel-good endorphins created when pressure points are stimulated . I 'm pleasantly surprised - in the mirror , my face looks less like the Pilsbury Doughboy . I can see my jawline for the first time in a while , and my skin looks plumper and pink , rather than white . The next morning , I take a long , hard look at my face . The effect is n't as pronounced as the day before , but my skin looks smoother and I have more colour . Samara recommends 12 sessions , but most people see a difference after just three or four . At £ 90 for an hour , it 's not cheap , but it 's reminded me of a basic beauty truth : a glowing complexion is n't something to be obtained in an expensive cream - it comes from being healthy inside and out . Samara packs me off with some good advice : drink fresh ginger tea to boost my immune system and try to avoid dairy , which does n't help if you 're prone to congestion , coughs and colds . Maybe I am the hemp seed type after all . I have booked a second appointment . Samara REID , the Hale Clinic , London -LRB- 020 7631 0156 -RRB- . Experts recommend 12 sessions . At £ 90 for an hour , it 's not cheap .