Serie A champions Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer with a big-money move for PSG striker Edinson Cavani , according to a report in Italy . Corriere dello Sport claim that Juve have a plan in place to sign the in-demand Uruguayan as they look to partner him with fellow South American Carlos Tevez . Cavani , who played for Italian sides Palermo and Napoli before joining PSG in a £ 50million deal in 2013 , has admitted his frustration at being played out of position under Laurent Blanc . PSG striker Edinson Cavani -LRB- left -RRB- is a target for Juventus according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport . Manchester United also hold an interest in Cavani , pictured in action against Marseille last weekend . He told Canal Plus : ` The only concern that I have ever spoken about is that I was recruited to play as a striker with -LRB- Zlatan -RRB- Ibrahimovic and it has not always been the case . ` There is a long series of games where I have not scored in Ligue 1 but that can happen . In France , people judge me as a lone striker , but I do not play in that position . ' Former Manchester United boss David Moyes attempted to sign Cavani before he joined PSG and the Old Trafford club remain interested in acquiring him when the transfer window reopens . Louis van Gaal is hoping to bring two new strikers to Old Trafford this summer with Radamel Falcao unlikely to turn his loan move into a permanent one and Robin van Persie being eyed by both Juve and Inter Milan . United appear to have an advantage over Juventus in their pursuit of Cavani after the player 's agent , Claudio Anelucci , admitted that a move to England or Spain was most likely . Cavani -LRB- left -RRB- has admitted that he is concerned about playing out of position under Laurent Blanc -LRB- right -RRB- . Cavani 's agent Claudio Anelucci says his client is most likely to move to England or Spain this summer . He told Gazzetta dello Sport : ` Is Cavani on the market ? At this point it 's a little early to say . ` Edi is under contract at Paris Saint-Germain and there are several factors that come into play with respect to his future . ' ` Once the situation is clarified there are several different scenarios given that players like him , at his level of maturity , are coveted by the biggest clubs in Europe . ` The market would seem to suggest Spain or England - we ca n't say at the present time that an Italian club could participate in the bidding for Cavani . '