Swansea manager Garry Monk says he will listen to Michu before deciding whether the Spaniard has a future at the Liberty Stadium . The once-capped Spain striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli where injury has seen him make just five appearances for Rafa Bentitez 's Serie A giants . Michu scored 22 goals in his first season at Swansea after signing from Rayo Vallecano for £ 2.2 million in July 2012 and broke into the Spain squad , but two injury-riddled campaigns since have raised doubts about his future in south Wales . Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu , pictured in 2013 , before making decision on Spaniard 's future . Michu recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea after his spell at Napoli . The 29-year-old told Spanish newspaper Marca last week he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea this summer to see out the final year of his contract - and Monk was also giving few clues when the subject was raised ahead of Everton 's Barclays Premier League visit on Saturday . ` I 'm sure we will make contact with Michu before the end of season , ' Monk said . ` But we 'll let his season finish and our season finish before we sit down at some point to discuss the future . ` I know he 's had a difficult time with injury and his concentration right now is on getting back to fitness . ` He 'll want to finish the season off strong there and I 'll speak to him in the summer . ` I 'll get his side of things and where he wants to take his future and I 'll assess it from my side as well . ' Monk has been keeping a close eye on Michu during the Spaniard 's loan spell at Italian outfit Napoli . Michu scored only twice in the Premier League last season before joining Napoli and Monk made it clear that the player was determined to head to Italy . ` I had a good discussion with him last summer and this was the way he wanted to go with Napoli , ' Monk said . ` But he 's coming back to full fitness now and hopefully he will have a good end to the season there . ` I 've got a good relationship with Michu , we were team-mates before I became manager , and I was fine with how he wanted to go . ` I 've kept an eye on him and it 's our duty as a club to understand what 's exactly going on with Michu on a game to game basis . ` He has n't had a sustained period where he 's been fit and it 's always hard as a player when that happens . ` He 's been unfortunate , but if he get can a sustained period of fitness I 'm sure you 'll see the quality we 've seen here . ' Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following the striker 's recent fine goalscoring form . One player who has been fit and firing , however , is French striker Bafetimbi Gomis who has scored three goals in his last two appearances as Swansea have recorded back-to-back wins over Aston Villa and Hull to move within a single point of their best Premier League haul with seven games still remaining . Gomis had a difficult first half to the season playing second fiddle to Wilfried Bony but the Ivorian 's initial £ 25million sale to Manchester City has seen him become the club 's first-choice striker and he has grasped the opportunity in recent weeks . ` When Wilfried left and he was starting games Bafe was probably too eager to do well , ' Monk said . ` His effort and commitment have always been great but he was trying too hard to score goals . ` He 's kept that effort and commitment but he 's probably more relaxed now , he 's showing his composure in games now and that is vitally important . '