Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms and that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the issue . Ramsey , the only black manager in the Premier League , has been vocal on racism in football in the past and supports John Barnes 's assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked . ` Just because I 'm sitting here I 'm not going to change my views of many years , ' said Ramsey , who takes his side to West Brom in search of a much-needed three points on Saturday . Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms . Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the ` covert ' issue . John Barnes ' view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by Ramsey . ` The fact we 're still , at this stage of the game , highlighting that I 'm the only black Premier League manager shows that it 's not the norm to have people from ethnic minorities in this position . ` So until this becomes normal , and it 's not highlighted in such a spectacular fashion , racism will be prominent . ` Obviously , I 'm in a very fortunate position to be the manager of QPR but I hope people wo n't look at that as a token gesture . I think I 've earned my stripes to be in this position . Barnes ' last managerial job was at Tranmere in 2009 . He lasted four months before being sacked . Ramsey is operating as the only black manager in the Premier League as he looks to keep QPR up . Ramsey was without a job for seven months after leaving his coaching role at Tottenham last season . ` I think that there are other people who are probably more talented or better suited , from a profile point of view , as many white managers who have got jobs based on their profile and playing experience . ' The 52-year-old manager thinks that discrimination is n't exclusive to race and that the Rooney Rule -- which obliges America 's NFL teams to interview minority candidates for top jobs -- might be the solution here . ` If it does n't work out for me here , I think that , as any manager of any race , I think you 're always in a position where it 's difficult to get another job , ' he said . QPR travel to face West Bromwich Albion after disappointingly losing at home to Everton last time out . Aaron Lennon is congratulated by his team-mates at Loftus Road as the QPR players head for the half-way line . ` As a black man , I think it 's always going to be difficult anyway . I think the Rooney Rule is an important factor as there 's an awareness that something has to be done to affect the way people think in boardrooms . ` I 'm not just talking about race , I 'm talking about gender , homophobia and other issues . I think there needs to be more awareness of factors that affect why people get jobs or not . '