Aaron Lennon has finally found something to smile about but Roberto Martinez carried the frown of a man down on his luck as he headed for the bus home . That 's not to say this was a bad day for Everton . They have had plenty of those in this long season over land and sea and could yet finish in the lower half of the Premier League for the first time since 2006 . But this one frustrated the Spaniard . His side have found a degree of freedom since their European travels came to an end and in winning three on the trot they started to resemble the side that blitzed their way through last season . Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea after Seamus Coleman handled in the penalty box . Shelvey made no mistake from the spot as the former Liverpool midfielder sends Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way . The midfielder salutes the home crowd after netting the equaliser for Swansea in the Saturday lunch-time kick-off . Seamus Coleman falls over under the challenge from Marvin Emnes and handles the ball , according to the watching Michael Oliver . Coleman appears to apologise to the visiting section at the full-time whistle . This game , in the mind of Martinez but not many others , should have been the fourth win of a streak . The contentious moment came in the second half when , having led through Lennon 's first-half strike , they conceded a penalty . Seamus Coleman was under pressure from Marvin Emnes , fell forward under marginal contact and then handled the ball . Martinez called for a foul on Coleman ; Michael Oliver called a penalty for handball and Jonjo Shelvey buried the kick . Everton 's manager seethed as three points became one and then gave the kind of comments that suggested this fixture was not the dead rubber it appeared to be . ` We feel like it was a defeat , ' he said . ` It is difficult to take . I am very satisfied with the performance because they are a difficult side to play . Look at the way they open teams up like Arsenal and Manchester United . ` For the first 20 or 25 minutes of the second half it was too easy . We just could n't find the second goal . You are exposed at 1-0 and something happened . ` Seamus felt there was contact . Seamus loses his balance and as he falls he ends up touching the ball with his hand . There was no goalscoring threat whatsoever . The referee in those moments can make his own decision but I think it was very harsh . ` He should have applied a bit of common sense . From my point of view , seeing it in a biased way , I would have wanted to see a free-kick awarded . Two or three actions straight after it was exactly the same and given as a free-kick . That is disappointing . You want some consistency . ' Swansea City -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Fabianski 6.5 ; Rangel 6 , Fernandez 6 , Williams 6 , Taylor 6 ; Ki 6.5 , Cork 6.5 , Shelvey 7.5 -LRB- Dyer 83 -RRB- ; Sigurdsson 6 , Gomis 6 -LRB- Emnes 17 , 6.5 -RRB- , Routledge 6.5 . Subs not used : Amat , Britton , Dyer , Grimes , Tremmel , Fulton . Goal : Shelvey -LRB- pen , 69 -RRB- . Booked : Taylor , Emnes , Williams . Everton -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Howard 6.5 ; Coleman 6 , Stones 6 , Jagielka 6.5 , Baines 6.5 ; McCarthy 6.5 , Barry 7 ; Lennon 6.5 , Barkley 6 -LRB- Mirallas 86 -RRB- , Osman 6 -LRB- Pienaar 28 , 6 -RRB- ; Kone 5 -LRB- Naismith 76 -RRB- . Subs not used : Robles , Besic , Garbutt , Alcaraz . Goal : Lennon , 41 . Booked : Kone , Howard , Lennon . Referee : Michael Oliver 6 . MOM : Jonjo Shelvey . Attendance : 20,468 . Aaron Lennon converted the opening goal with 41 minutes gone . CLICK HERE to see more from our brilliant match zone . Aaron Lennon celebrates with Seamus Coleman and Ross Barkley -LRB- left -RRB- after he opened the scoring for Everton at the Liberty Stadium . Lennon , on loan from Tottenham for the remainder of the season , fires in his second goal in three games for Roberto Martinez 's side . Lennon 's strike in the 41st minute came against the run of play with Swansea having dominated much of the opening half . While an argument could be made for the penalty , the comments on performance were less easy to accept . Swansea did not deserve to win but they certainly did not deserve to lose a game in which Garry Monk felt Arouna Kone might been sent off . There was also a wonderful goal from Shelvey disallowed in the first half because Wayne Routledge was adjudged to have fouled Leighton Baines . It appeared to be a harsh call . Monk said : ` I was disappointed with the disallowed goal . I thought it was very harsh on what could have been one of the goals of the season . ' So , one referee and two disgruntled managers . Monk at least had the consolation of watching Shelvey have one of those days when the correct parts of his brain are in operation . He is capable of winning matches and losing matches - a blessing and a curse dictated by his emotions . But he was excellent here , driving Swansea early in the game before Lennon put Everton in front on 41 minutes . Fittingly it was Shelvey whose penalty ultimately claimed Swansea 's 47th point of the season -- equalling their Premier League record from 2012 . Monk said : ` The plan was three points and to get it -LRB- the record -RRB- in front of our fans . There is a slight disappointment and that shows how far we have come . ' Garry Monk and Roberto Martinez share an embrace in the dugout ahead of Saturday 's Premier League clash at the Liberty Stadium . Arouna Kone chases down the ball during the opening moments of Everton 's match against Swansea . Jonjo Shelvey and Seamus Coleman are pictured contesting for the ball during the first half of the Liberty Stadium showdown . Bafetimbi Gomis receives treatment before he is forced to leave the field of play . Marvin Emnes was brought on to replace him . Jonjo Shelvey 's first-half strike was ruled out after Leighton Baines was adjuged to have been fouled in the build-up .