Wonder who will do the catering ... Burger King will be paying the expenses and providing gifts for the wedding of an Illinois couple after Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company 's payment proposal on Monday . The burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via Skype and gave them the good news . BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags , Mason Jars and Burger King crowns for the event . Scroll down for video . Burger King will be paying the expenses and providing gifts for the wedding of Joel Burger and Ashley King . The popular fast food chain will also be providing personalized gift bags , Mason Jars and Burger King crowns . The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together , in New Berlin , Illinois . Burger and King said they ` shaking ' and ` blown away ' after getting the good news . The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together , in New Berlin near Springfield , the State Journal-Register reported . Although they were n't always a couple , Burger and King have known each other since kindergarten . They announced their engagement this spring with a photo next to the sign at a local Burger King restaurant . Although a woman 's name usually comes first in an engagement announcement , they decided to flip their names . Burger and King said they ` shaking ' and ` blown away ' after getting the good news about BK footing the bill . Burger King spokesman Eric Hirschhorn said : ` When we heard about the happy , Burger-King couple , we felt an overwhelming urge to celebrate their upcoming marriage . ` We knew deep in our hearts that we wanted to honor the union of Mr Burger and Ms King , . ` We knew we wanted to create a `` whopper of a wedding '' that 's uniquely their own . ` And now we hope we 've swept them off their feet . ` All we ask in return is that they live happily ever after . ' The Burger-King nuptials will be held July 17 in Jacksonville . Burger King wanted to create a ` whopper of a wedding ' that was uniquely ordered up for Ashley and Joel .