For people that like their dating chilled out , an app that 's been dubbed ` Tinder for marijuana users ' has just gone global . Called High There ! , the app is officially described as the world 's first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts . The network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views . The High There ! app is described as the world 's first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts . Users share their interests -LRB- left -RRB- and energy levels when using cannabis -LRB- right -RRB- as part of their profile . When High There ! first launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis . But now it 's available globally via Apple 's App Store and Google Play , after getting approval to widen its reach . The app quickly became popular in New York , California and Colorado , with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks and it 's expected to a hit in the Netherlands , Spain , England and Australia , Forbes reported . Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder . When High There ! first launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis -LRB- a joint is pictured -RRB- but a global version was rolled out yesterday . The medicinal properties of hemp are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . Hemp is legal and unlike cannabis , contains little tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- , which is the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high . There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp , believed to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight . Research has also suggested that CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down . Canna Companion , based in Sultan in Washington , uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs . ` Due in part to their small body size , dogs and cats can take advantage of small amounts of CBD , THC and other cannabinoids found in hemp and can therefore reap the benefits of this great plant , ' the firm said . ` We are not interested in , nor are we advocating the administration of , the well-known psychotropic compound THC , in concentrations sufficient to produce the ` high ' or psychotropic effects which are normally associated with marijuana . ` We are not advocating the administration of marijuana , by any route , to animals in order to produce medical benefit or to produce any psychotropic effect . ' The firm writes on the App Store : ` Chat with your connections and invite your friends who also want to engage in shared experiences within a non-judgmental environment . ` You can use High There ! to date , go out with new friends , or simply connect with people who are like you . As we say , `` You 've got more friends than you think . '' ' Denver-based Founder and CEO of High There ! Todd Mitchem , said that the app does n't encourage the sale of marijuana but is simply a social network for people who consider it part of their lifestyle . It deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana in their picture section . Despite the measures , Mr Mitchem said he was surprised that the app was allowed to go global . Writing on the High There ! blog , he said : ` This news was a surprise , but the allowance was made because we are a responsible social network and because we focus on building connections rather than just showing off your weed . ' He 's a former Chief Revenue Officer of hash oil maker , O.penVAPE and says that 12 million people use some form of the drug , meaning that there is a real opportunity to connect users on a social network . His motivation for rolling out the app widely is personal too , because his mother used the drug to battle cancer , which Mr Mitchem claims saved her life . ` To you , that mother just like mine , fighting cancer in a state where the stigma still exists around weed , High There ! is here for you . His motivation for rolling out the app globally -LRB- illustrated with this image -RRB- is personal for Mr Mitchem , because his mother used to drug to battle cancer , which he claims saved her life . The app deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana -LRB- a stock image is shown -RRB- in their picture section . ` To all of you in states where cannabis is now legal , High There ! is definitely here for you too ! ` And to the countless women and men who simply want to meet other like-minded , amazing people in a non-judgmental way , High There ! is here for you also . ' The app has been likened to Tinder , which also lets users swipe through prospective friends and partners . At its regional launch , Mashable reported that Mr Mitchem created the app after women did n't find him appealing on conventional dating sites , because he smokes cannabis . ` We wanted to build a cool piece of technology that solved the problem of where do million and millions of cannabis consumers go to meet people , connect with people and build relationships , ' he said . ` A lot of people say we 're the Tinder of weed , but that 's only one facet of the whole thing . It 's so much bigger . He says the network is actually primarily designed for platonic connections . ` As we open the platform to the entire planet , I am certain meeting new like-minded people will take on some exciting new paths , ' he added .