The Home Office was warned that Lord Janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it . The Home Office was warned that Lord Janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it . An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police . The revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up . The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late paedophile Liberal MP Cyril Smith who continued in public life despite repeated warnings of his crimes . It heaps pressure on the Home Office to reveal exactly who knew what and when about the disturbing allegations against Janner . Last night Labour 's Simon Danczuk -- who outed Smith as a predatory child abuser -- called on the department to ` come clean ' . ` The Director of Public Prosecutions has admitted there were previously missed opportunities to investigate Lord Janner , ' he said . ` The Home Office needs to come clean on what information was passed to officials in 1995 . ` This scandal is getting worse every day and the public are rightly angry at the shambolic way this case has been handled . ' Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders sparked fury earlier this month when she said Janner could face 22 charges but his health is too poor to put him on trial . She said that the former Leicester MP was investigated in 1991 , 2002 and 2006 but mistakes meant he was never charged . Now the Daily Mail can reveal a fourth opportunity was missed when an unnamed MP passed a dossier to the Home Office in 1995 . The politician received a letter linking Janner to prolific paedophile Frank Beck , who died in jail the previous year . Beck was jailed in 1991 for abusing children after a trial in which Janner was named by a victim , prompting him to proclaim his innocence in the Commons . The MP expected the 11 pages of detailed notes , which also identified several other suspects , to be passed to police . But nothing was done until it was uncovered during a review of Home Office archives in 2013 . Labour MP Simon Danczuk is calling for the Home Office to ` come clean ' over the dossier . The Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders earlier sparked fury by saying Lord Janner could face 22 charges . Lord Janner 's £ 2million home was transferred to his three children by someone holding power of attorney , officials have confirmed . The apartment near Hampstead Heath in North London was signed over free of charge in March last year -- the same month police raided his Westminster office and three months after they searched his home . The apartment is likely to have been Janner 's most valuable asset , and the revelation raises questions about whether the Labour grandee -- who was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's in 2009 -- and his family planned for the possibility of being sued by his alleged victims . In 2013 , paedophile BBC presenter Stuart Hall signed over the deeds of his £ 2million mansion to his wife just before he was jailed . He then offered his victims as little as £ 2,000 compensation . Home Secretary Theresa May ordered the review over fears her department was holding evidence of historic child abuse by influential people . A trawl through more than 700,000 documents identified four ` items ' that should be passed to police . In a heavily censored report , one document involved the paedophile ring led by Beck which preyed on vulnerable children at Leicestershire care homes . It stated : ` Allegations from XX that XX could have been involved in the child abuse along with convicted paedophile Frank Beck . The writer ... also claimed that some police investigations had already taken place but there is no evidence that the Home Office passed the complete information to police . ' Michael Howard was Home Secretary when the MP sent the letter warning about Janner to his department . A spokesman for the former Tory leader , who is now a peer , said he had ` no recollection ' of seeing the dossier but believes such material should have been forwarded to police . Soon after the publication of the Theresa May review , a second , more in-depth report homed in on allegations against Janner in August 2014 . Conducted by NSPCC chief executive Peter Wanless , it specifically asked Government departments to search their archives for mentions of ` Greville Janner ' . When the report was published in November it revealed a file on Janner was among 114 dossiers on child sex abuse that went missing from the Home Office . Last night , the Home Office highlighted how both reviews did not directly accuse it of covering up information on child abuse .