With her sophisticated sense of style and age-defying good looks , Dame Helen Mirren has never looked better . But the Oscar-winning actress , who has won countless accolades for her talents , believes she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women . In an interview with Times2 , the 69-year-old actress explained : ` I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f ****** 1940s or 1950s . It was horrible . ' Scroll down for video . Dame Helen Mirren , pictured last week at the premiere of her new film said she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women . Badgley Mischka dress . Click to shop the brand at Farfetch ! Visit site . Helen Mirren proves time and again that youth has got nothing to do with style , elegance and beauty . The actress looked stunning at the premiere of The Woman in Gold and showed us just why she 's an inspiration to us all . Her dress is by Badgley Mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet . Navy is softer than black and more flattering to all skin tones and ages . And of course a spot of embellishment adds glamour and a sense of festiveness . But Helen did n't shy away from a sexy edge either with that sheer panel across the shoulders . Styled with navy suede pumps by Jimmy Choo , Helen has once again nailed cocktail dressing for the more mature woman . Her exact dress is sadly not available online but click -LRB- right -RRB- to shop the brand at Farfetch . Or recreate the look with our edit below . Alice + Olivia , ASOS and Reiss have all got great options that will do the trick . Bless ` ed are the Meek Perspective Dress at Shopbop -LRB- Now $ 299 -RRB- . Visit site . Alice + Olivia Dress in Caprise Silk at Bloomingdales -LRB- Now $ 198.75 -RRB- . Visit site . ASOS Daisy Embellished Shift Dress -LRB- Now $ 42 -RRB- . Visit site . REISS Dress in Rosalin Sheer Sleeve Lace at Bloomingdales . Visit site . The actress , who starred in O Lucky Man ! in 1973 - when she was in her thirties - and The Long Good Friday in 1980 , went on to explain that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was ` perilous ' for women . ` Men saw that as a sort of , `` Oh , fantastic ! We can f *** anything , however we like , whenever we like ! They 're up for grabs , boys ! '' It was that kind of attitude ' , she said . Mirren also said revelations about celebrities from that era , such as Jimmy Savile , did not come as a surprise . ` I 'm sure that if that f ****** bastard was alive today he would be utterly confused . He would think , `` They liked it , they loved me , I was a big star , so they wanted it '' , ' she said . The actress , pictured in the 1970s , said that the ten years after the sexual revolution but before feminism was ` perilous ' for women . Mirren , pictured , left , this year and , right , in 1976 said that men had a ` Oh , fantastic ! We can f *** anything , however we like , whenever we like ' kind of attitude in that era . Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film , Woman In Gold , and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds . Indeed , the 38-year-old 's eyes were fixed on the 69-year-old 's decolletage as they posed for photos at their film 's Berlin premiere . And the actor 's wife , Blake Lively , shared a snap of the flirty moment with her Instagram fans - joking that she had reason to feel jealous . ` Should I be concerned that my husband 's never looked at me this way ? ... ' the 27-year-old quipped in the photo 's caption on Saturday . Mirren , pictured in the mid 1970s , was speaking ahead of the release of her new film , Woman In Gold . In her Instagram post she called the Oscar-winning actress ` sexy ' and noted that her husband of two years took a gander at her cleavage , writing : ' #WhereAreThoseEyesWanderingReynolds #HelenMirrenIStheSexiestWomanAlive #WomanInGold . ' Speaking to People , Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold 's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama . ` You know , he makes a girl feel good , ' she explained . ` Some guys do n't . They 're macho and attractive , but they make you feel awkward . ` Ryan just makes you feel so great . He 's just so generous in his masculinity . He happens to be hunky and gorgeous and everything as well , but when you get a beautiful combination of the two ? He is wonderful . ' Mirren confessed that she was taken by Reynold 's charming manner while filming their forthcoming drama . In Woman In Gold , their on-screen chemistry is apparent as well . It is a real-life story about a Jewish refugee 's battle against the Austrian government to reclaim a family painting stolen by Nazis . The biopic chronicles the heir 's 60-year pursuit of Gustav Klimt 's painting The Lady in Gold - which now ranks as the fifth most expensive painting ever sold at $ 135 million . Helen plays Maria Altmann , a woman who was forced to flee her home and life as a socialite in Vienna amid World War II . She enlists young lawyer Randol Schoenberg , played by Ryan , to help her restore her family 's past . Considered the Mona Lisa of Austria , Klimt 's 1907 The Lady In Gold painting is a portrait of Altmann 's aunt Adele Bloch-Bauer , a friend of the famed artist . Katie Holmes and Daniel Brühl also co-star in the movie , directed by My Week With Marilyn 's Simon Curtis .