The wife of a Detroit-area soccer referee filed a $ 51 million lawsuit Friday against a hot-headed player who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer . The figure represents $ 1 million for each of the 51 additional years that John Bieniewicz , 44 , could have lived , according to the lawsuit in Wayne County court . Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland , the representative of her husband 's estate , is suing Bassel Saad , along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league . Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland -LRB- pictured left with her late husband -RRB- has filed a $ 51 million lawsuit against Bassel Saad -LRB- right -RRB- who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer . Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia . Dr. Jamal Saleh said he rushed toward Bieniewicz , who was on his back grasping a yellow card in one hand and a red card in the other , and performed CPR which failed to work . ` We hope this lawsuit sends a message that when you commit uncivilized acts in a civilized world there are consequences , even beyond the criminal realm , ' said attorney James Acho , who had known Bieniewicz since childhood . Cyril Hall , Saad 's attorney in the criminal case , said Friday that the lawsuit surprises him . ` Bassel Saad is not an individual of wealth . He was a mechanic , ' Hall said . Behind bars : Saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . The Associated Press left messages seeking comment from a telephone listing for the soccer league . Saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . He expressed remorse in court and said he prays for the Bieniewicz family . The lawsuit also names the Michigan United Soccer League , which is accused of allowing Saad to play despite his reputation as a violent player . Citing his doctor , the lawsuit described Bieniewicz , who had two children , as being in great health with the potential to live to age 95 . Bieniewicz is pictured being administered CPR on the turf after being knocked out cold by Saad . ` I speak for his dozens of buddies , many of whom go back to our days at Catholic Central High , and we want justice for his family , ' said Acho , who is handling the case with co-counsel Karen Daley . In 2005 , Saad was involved in another assault on a soccer field . Court documents obtained by Detroit Free Press indicate that he repeatedly struck another player in the head . Saad pleaded no contest in that case and was sentenced to five days of community service and 12 months of probation . Mrs Bieniewicz testified at Michigan 's Capitol earlier this year in support of proposed legislation that would make it a felony to assault a sports official in the state . Referees ` are out there on an island with no one to defend them , ' she said . ` Something more than a misdemeanor should be in place . ' Mrs Bieniewicz said that through everything , her only consolation has been the thought that her husband died doing something he loved .