A dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from peril during a cockfighting bust in South Carolina . April Morris of Bennettsville thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , Nina Louise , again after she went astray in December 2013 . Months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . But this past Saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's heartbreaking rescue on local news . She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups . Morris called the local Humane Society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head . The emotional reunion was caught on camera , with Nina Louise happily greeting Morris and her husband . The emaciated pit bull appeared to be in bad shape , with ribs showing and scars on her body , but her family is just happy their pet is alive . Sorry state : A dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from peril during a cockfighting bust in South Carolina -LRB- above -RRB- . Missing : April Morris of Bennettsville , thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , Nina Louise , -LRB- above -RRB- again after she went astray in December 2013 - months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . But this past Saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup 's rescue on the nightly news - she was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the canine had just given birth to ten pups . ` It seems so surreal to us . It 's such a miracle to have her back , ' Morris told CarolinaLive.com . Nina Louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health . Her puppies , who have all found adoptive homes , will remain with her until they have stopped nursing . It 's suspected that Nina Louise was used as a bait dog at the cockfighting venue before having her puppies . Along with the pup , 122 birds were also recovered from the compound . Twenty-seven people were reportedly arrested on various charges at the bust and they are now awaiting court hearings . In safe hands : Nina Louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health . Brood : Her puppies , who have all found adoptive homes , will remain with her until they have stopped nursing .