A new designer drug even stronger than crystal meth dubbed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects is spreading across Florida . . Flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP . That 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . The use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in Florida . Flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other drugs and substances like marijuana . Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell -LRB- bath salts pictured -RRB- . Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell , WPBF 25 News reported . St. Lucie County Sheriff 's Office special investigations Sgt. Rob Pettit said : ` It has a strong odor like a sweaty sock . ` It 's pretty serious . ` We 're always trying to play catchup with the drug dealers as it is , and now here we are trying to get accustomed to finding yet another drug . ' Once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength . The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again . Users have nicknamed the drug ' $ 5 insanity ' because hits often cost less than $ 10 , the Sun-Sentinel reported . Cathinone use is apparently up across the nation and the use of Flakka is also certainly increasing in Florida . Flakka has been involved in a number of incidents in recent weeks , including one where a man impaled himself white trying to scale a fence , CBS reported . Jim Hall , an epidemiologist at the Center for Applied Research on Substance Use and Health Disparities at Nova Southeastern University , said : ` We 're starting to see a rash of cases of a syndrome referred to as excited delirium . ` This is where the body goes into hyperthermia , generally a temperature of 105 degrees . ` The individual becomes psychotic , they often rip off their clothes and run out into the street violently and have an adrenaline-like strength and police are called and it takes four or five officers to restrain them . ` Then once they are restrained , if they do n't receive immediate medical attention they can die . ' There were more than 670 Flakka occurrences in Florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration .