Geoff Whitington , 63 , from Ashford , Kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . It is a toe-curling moment that many have faced : the supermarket tantrum . And Geoff Whitington , pouting and shouting , performs it with aplomb . ` I do n't want to ! ' is the cry when he is asked if he will try whelks . Despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy , crossed arms , Geoff happens to be a 63-year-old father of four grown-up children . And in this bizarre episode of role-reversal , it is his sons , Anthony and Ian , who are gently -- some might say valiantly -- trying to broaden his palate . The problem will be all too familiar to anyone who has broached the subject of healthier eating with a parent who might not have the most up-to-date ideas about diet . But the Whitington boys are motivated by a matter of life and death . For years , Geoff was ill , made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . Turning round his health would mean changing the habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise . And Geoff resisted with a passion . While many would have admitted defeat in the face of his almost insurmountable stubbornness , the two brothers overhauled their father 's health , and crucially , his attitude . And in doing so , they have undoubtedly saved his life . Anthony and Ian have helped their father shed six stone and now , two years after that tantrum in the supermarket , Geoff is a man transformed . He loves to cycle , never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods . Most remarkably , doctors say he is no longer diabetic -- and he is off medication . The supermarket stand-off was caught on camera for a forthcoming film called Fixing Dad , a searingly honest but moving account of the Whitingtons ' journey , which has already won coveted slots at film festivals . The brothers have a lifelong passion for film -- Ian , 35 , is a full-time film-maker -- so they decided to document their battle to inspire others to do the same . Anthony , 37 , says : ` He was n't old , but Dad had given up on himself . He blamed himself for his illness but did n't think he could do anything about it . Getting a grown man to change his ways is difficult and there were times when it felt like it was pointless , but we knew we had to carry on . Just the thought of losing him spurred us on . ' Luckily for Geoff , his sons are just as stubborn as he used to be , and their plan has been a huge success . ` The difference in Dad is incredible and he is proof that it 's never too late , ' says Anthony , a father-of-four from Ashford , Kent . ` Physically , he 's gone from having to use crutches to get around to taking on 100-mile cycle challenges . Mentally he 's a new person -- he had retreated into himself and was probably depressed . ' Scroll down for video . His sons Anthony and Ian -LRB- right -RRB- helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health . He turned his life around and remarkably , doctors say he is no longer diabetic -- and he is off medication . Geoff , who lives in Ashford with second wife Marilyn , works 15-hour night shifts as a security guard . Before his sons intervened , his exercise routine was non-existent and he tipped the scales at 20 stone . He existed on a high-fat , high-sugar diet . Sometimes he 'd eat three takeaway meals a day . Anthony , a corporate financial adviser , says : ` He had an old-fashioned mentality that cooking was a woman 's domain , so he 'd opt for something convenient and quick . Marilyn would cook him healthy dinners but Dad would sneak in a takeaway on the way home . ' Geoff 's weight problems were worrying enough , but there was the added complication of his type 2 diabetes , which affects more than 2.7 million Britons . If left untreated , the condition can leave a person up to five times more likely to develop heart disease or have a stroke , and at risk of foot problems due to nerve damage and poor circulation . Rates of type 2 diabetes are soaring due to increasing obesity , unhealthy diets , a lack of exercise and an ageing population . Geoff was first diagnosed with diabetes in 2003 . But it was n't until a visit to a podiatrist in August 2013 that the gravity of his situation was laid bare . ` Dad had an ulcer that was giving him a lot of discomfort , ' Anthony says . ` He was having to use crutches and going to have the ulcer cleaned and dressed on a regular basis . ` Things had got so bad that the podiatrist told Dad there was a risk he might lose his leg if he carried on as he was . Until then , in his mind having diabetes was just popping a few more pills in addition to ones he was already on for his high blood pressure and cholesterol . This was the wake-up call we all needed . ' He now loves to cycle , never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods . Anthony and Ian knew drastic action was needed . ` Dad obviously had weight issues which we 'd talked about in the past , but we had busy lives so did n't really push it as far as we could have done , ' says Anthony . Step one was to overhaul Geoff 's diet . Out went the convenience foods and in came a strict two-month , 800 calorie-a-day diet under the watchful eye of professor Roy Taylor at Newcastle University . He is conducting a study , funded by charity Diabetes UK , which aims to see if a low-calorie diet can permanently reverse type 2 diabetes . Step two was to encourage Geoff to be more active , to improve his fitness and outlook on life . ` We wanted him to find a social life and hobby other than work and food -- we 've done everything from fishing to t ` ai chi , ' Anthony says . ` But we knew he had to take up an achievable form of exercise that did n't put pressure on his foot , so cycling became a big part of his regime . ' He adds : ` Of course there were rows , especially when he was on the low-calorie diet . He 'd enjoyed food in the past , but it was the wrong food and here we were telling him it was no good for him , and he had to cook dishes from scratch . ` It 's a fine balance taking on an almost parental role with your own dad . We had to be encouraging , but firm , without him feeling he was being bullied into anything . ' That 's where the filming proved so useful . Anthony explains : ` Filming the whole process meant we could show him footage from a couple of weeks before as a motivator so he could see how far he 'd come . ' In February last year , the sons took their father on a ten-day cycling trip to Spain . Geoff also tried out a sky-dive simulator -LRB- he 's planning to do one for real later this year -RRB- , and tackled rock-climbing . ` He 'd spent almost four decades doing soul-destroying night shifts , eating large amounts of processed food and doing no exercise . ` We wanted to inspire him , to show him how great life could be , ' Anthony says . ` While the weight loss is fantastic , what is really amazing is his new self-confidence , his self-belief and his love of life . ' Step three was transforming Geoff into a diabetes champion , so he could convince others to turn their lives around . Now a trimmer 14 stone , Geoff has taken part in the Prudential 100-mile cycle race , spoken at medical conferences throughout Europe and stopped his diabetes in its tracks . At the most recent meeting with his consultant , he was told he is diabetes-free . Geoff believes the doctors had been ` too nice for too long ' , and wishes they had been tougher on him . ` I 'm just so cross I lived for so long with such a bad quality of life , depressed and basically killing myself . Hopefully my transformation can inspire others too . ' Fixing Geoff 's diabetes has brought the family closer , says Anthony . ` We went to Scotland over Christmas and Dad was out walking with the grandchildren , which would have been almost impossible two years ago . The kids love having a grandad who is active , and we 've got our old dad back . ' For more information , go to diabetes.co.uk . To watch the trailer for Fixing Dad , go to fixingdad.com .