This is the moment a football coach who claimed thousands in disability benefits after he said he could barely walk was caught putting up goalposts . Benefits cheat Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around . But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts . This is the moment benefits cheat Ian Drinnan was caught on film putting up goalposts at his local club . Blackpool magistrates heard that Drinnan was claiming £ 3,500 in disability benefits and had told the Department of Work and Pensions he did not have any hobbies and was in pain six days a week . He also said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace , could not bend and needed to use crutches because of the pain in his legs which meant he frequently fell . But Prosecutor Pam Smith said : ` He was watched and was on his feet for three or four hours at a time . He was not using crutches . ' The football coach who claimed thousands in disability benefits looking sprightly as he put together the posts at Blackpool Rangers FC . He was watched and was on his feet for three or four hours at a time without using crutches as he also helped to erect spectator barriers . Blackpool magistrates heard how Drinnan supervised training sessions for hours on end and attended all the home and away games played by his club . Other club officials said they had never seen him with a walking aid . Drinnan , from South Shore , Lancashire admitted fraud by failing to tell the Department of Work and Pensions his physical ability had improved . Defending , John McLaren said Drinnan worked as a chef but then got arthritis . He said : ` He started managing the club as a way of getting back on his feet instead of staring at four walls . ' Drinnan had claimed he could not bend and needed to use crutches because of the pain in his legs which meant he frequently fell . Blackpool magistrates heard how Drinnan supervised training sessions for hours on end and attended all the home and away games played by his club as well as helping with improvements to the club . Drinnan was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community and ordered to pay £ 85 costs and £ 60 victim surcharge by District Judge Huw Edwards . A DWP spokesman said : ` Benefit payments should go to those who really need them . ` We know it 's a small minority of people who commit benefit fraud , but deliberately not informing us of a change in your condition that may affect your claim is a crime . ' Blackpool Rangers chairman Steve Simms confirmed Drinnan had since left the club . Drinnan was unavailable for comment . Blackpool magistrates heard that Drinnan , seen carrying kit bags at the club , was claiming £ 3,500 in disability benefits and had told the Department of Work and Pensions he did not have any hobbies and was in pain six days a week . Drinnan was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community and ordered to pay £ 85 costs and £ 60 victim surcharge by District Judge Huw Edwards .