A forensic psychiatrist has testified that Lou Gehrig 's disease is the reason a former sheriff 's deputy in Wisconsin killed his wife and sister-in-law , whom the defendant described in a suicide note as his threesome partners . Andrew Steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife , 39-year-old Ashlee Steele , and her 38-year-old sister , Kacee Tollefsbol , of Lake Elmo , Minnesota . Taking the stand for the defense on Day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows Steele 's brain was deteriorating because of ALS . Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that he was ` unable to conform his conduct to the law . ' Scroll down for video . Back in court : On Day of his insanity trial , former Wisconsin sheriff 's deputy Andrew Steele , 40 , was wheeled into the courtroom to hear testimony from a forensic psychiatrist and his sister-in-law . Tragic sisters : This undated photo provided by Rachelle Putnam shows Ashlee Steele , left , and her sister , Kacee Tollefsbol , both were found dead of gunshot wounds at Steele 's home in Fitchburg , Wisconsin . Steele , a former Dane County deputy , was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June . The defendant claims he blacked out during the killings . And on Tuesday , the defense kicked things off detailing Steele 's condition and how science will prove him not responsible . The prosecution disagrees . The State asked all witnesses if Steele had memory issues before that day in August , and they all said no . In a mostly incoherent , stream-of-consciousness letter written by Steele the day before the murders , the former deputy claimed he had had a sexual relationship with his sister-in-law and enjoyed ` numerous threesomes ' with Kacee and his wife , reported the station WIBA . The typo-riddled note also stated that when Kacee and Ashlee learned of his ALS diagnosis , they proposed a suicide pact . According to Steele , the women wanted to jump off a cruise ship together , poison themselves with carbon monoxide inside a car , or shoot themselves with his service weapon . Video from WMTV . ALS : Andrew Steele , pictured in court in 2014 , penned a rambling note a day before the killing claiming that he had had threesomes with his wife and sister-in-law , and that the three of them had made a suicide pact . Case : Steele argued last month that he was not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect to first-degree intentional homicide charges because he could not resist impulses . Tearful testimony : The slain sisters ' third sibling , Hailee Mesiterling , said from the stand that Andrew Steele was in love with Tollefsbol . ` See you all on the other side , ' the note concluded . The missive was last edited on Steele 's phone just after 6 am August 22 . About seven hours later , a mortally wounded Kacee Tollefsbol called 911 saying she and her sisters had been shot , . Dr Tucker testified that there is no evidence to support Steele 's claims that he had been in a three-way relationship with his wife and sister-in-law . Friends of Kacee Tollefsbol also said in court that her and Steele 's relationship did not go beyond that of a brother and sister , reported Wisconsin State Journal . However , the slain sisters ' surviving sibling , HaileeMesiterling , said from the stand that Andrew Steele was in love with Tollefsbol and acted inappropriately towards her during a family vacation last summer . In her opening statement Tuesday , Jessa Nicholson , Steele 's defense attorney , said her client maintains that on the day of the killings he and Ashlee had sex involving bondage , and a zip tie accidentally fastened too tight around her neck , according to WKOW . Death : Sisters Ashlee Steele , left , and Kacee M. Tollefsbol , right , were shot dead leaving six children behind between them . In happier times : Ashlee Steele , left , had been working tirelessly to raise money to pay for her husband 's treatment . Steele 's last memory from that day , according to his attorney , is of him trying to find a pair of scissors to cut the restraint around his wife 's neck . He then blacked out and awakened later in a hospital bed with a tube down his throat . Unable to speak , the 40-year-old wrote notes asking if he had been in a car accident and inquiring after his wife . The trial is expected to continue into next week . If the jury finds him responsible for the double-homicide , Steel could face up to a life sentence without parole . Ashlee Steele , 39 , was found shot in the head in the master bedroom and cops found Andrew Steele sitting in a laundry room with a pistol . The former deputy had started the dryer and vented it back into the room and he had set up a grill loaded with hot charcoal in the room in a possible suicide attempt by carbon monoxide . Accused : Andrew Steele is wheeled out of his home in a stretcher Friday after allegedly murdering his wife and her sister . The killings came just days after the victims and the suspect 's friends took part in the ALS ice bucket challenge , raising $ 23,000 towards the ailing deputy 's medical expenses . In his letter , Steele lamented that collected funds were not enough to cover their family 's expenses . . Between the two of them , the slain sisters have left six children behind . As he addressed the court , Steele 's speech sounded slurred as he waived his right to review the statements of potential jurors claiming to be unable to serve during his three-week trial . Around 15 jurors will be picked from 120 potential jurors for the trial which is scheduled to begin with jury selection on April 13 . It will be a two-phase trial , the first to establish guilt , the second to decide whether he was legally responsible for his actions . The dramatic case saw Steele wheeled into the courtroom by bailiffs at the start of a status conference before Circuit Judge Nicholas McNamara . Challenge : His wife , Ashlee Steele spearheaded the effort to raise money for her husband dubbed ` Tough as Steele ' , posting videos of the ice bucket challenges on her Facebook account . Family : The couple , pictured , had two children , and had been together for 26 years . His lawyer , Jessa Nicholson , said that Steele can still walk and that his speech has been affected by his ALS , but that otherwise he was doing well . ALS does not affect the brains of most people who are diagnosed with the disease , but Nicholson said about 20 per cent experience dementia . Nicholson wrote that Steele has suffered damage to his hippocampus , the emotional center of the brain , causing poor impulse control and loss of memory . His frontal lobe was also damaged , which can cause loss of inhibition , personality changes and loss of the ability to conform his conduct to the law .