A family doctor cut a hole in a Lynx shampoo bottle so he could film men using the showers in the gym . Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the Custom House Surgery in Newham , East London as well as other surgeries in North London after he was found with the footage . The urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied and dried them so he could hide his iPhone inside to film through the hole . He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him . Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi could be struck off after he admitted secretly filming men in the gym showers by cutting a hole in Lynx shampoo bottles and concealing his iPhone inside before he put bottles into cubicles . But Al-Atraqchi was caught out twice - once when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle , and again when a fitness instructor became suspicious when he heard plastic being rustled and saw a Lynx bottle appear in his shower cubicle . The doctor said he had set up the intricate device to ` let off steam ' because of the pressure at work , and claimed he also felt isolated and confused about his sexuality . Al-Atraqchi pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £ 500 , and ordered to pay costs of £ 85 and a victim surcharge of £ 25 when he appeared at Highbury Corner Magistrates ' Court . He now faces a hearing to determine whether he will be struck off the medical register after a Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service hearing in Manchester found him guilty of misconduct and told his ability to practise medicine had been impaired . Two of the incidents took place at Pure Gym in Holloway . A spokesman for the gym said security had now been stepped up and Al-Atraqchi had been banned from all Pure Gyms for life . In the first incident , in March last year , the Iraqi GP was found out when a naked gym user noticed a shower gel bottle being moved under the exposed area at the bottom of the cubicle and spotted a man 's hand moving the bottle around as if to re-position it . He also saw a hole in the top and a camera lens exposed in the hole . He knocked loudly on the shower wall and shouted at the doctor who then pulled the shower gel bottle away and fled . Al-Atraqchi cut a peep hole in Lynx bottles -LRB- left -RRB- and dried them out to hide an iPhone inside the bottle . The urology specialist worked at Custom House surgery in north London , as well as other local practices . On the second occasion a member of gym staff was showering when he noticed ` odd sounds ' coming from an adjacent cubicle . A few moments later he noticed a shower gel bottle lying flat on the floor diagonally from within the adjoining cubicle and saw something ` gleaming ' from the hole in the bottle . The staff member then wrenched opened Al-Atraqchi 's cubicle as the doctor was standing , naked and clutching various shower gel bottles . He denied owning the bottles but was banned from the gym and police called . Describing the first time he was unmasked at the gym Dr Al-Atraqchi told the hearing : ` It was there but I do n't recall any recording . I was caught . He caught me . He opened the door and said ` open the cubicle , otherwise I will open it ' and he saw what was in my hand - the shower bottle . ` It 's difficult to explain and give justification for it , but my understanding it I was isolated , not comfortable with myself and my sexuality , had low self-esteem with my job , depression with work , moving from job to job and that 's put me under pressure and pushed me for this impulsive behaviour . Al-Atraqchi said he secretly filmed the men to ` let off steam ' because his job was very stressful . ` I wish I could apologise . To be honest , on reflection , one thing that would stop me doing it is I would n't accept this would be done to me . If I can , I apologise . ' Officers seized two mobile telephones one showing secret footage of a man unwittingly exposing his private parts in 2011 . Hamish Common for the General Medical Council told the doctor he had ` impulsive behaviour . ' He said : ` You had a shampoo bottle and the fact there were two shampoo bottles found in your possession in March 2014 by the assistant manager means you must have used the shampoo or otherwise got rid of it out of the bottle , emptied it , and dried it out . You opened up the shampoo , cleaned it and put in the iPhone . ` There was a hole cut in the Lynx bottle in such a place to expose the lens of the camera to the outside world . Would it be reasonable to assume there has been some planning and preparation in the construction of this albeit rudimentary apparatus ? ' Al-Atraqchi 's lawyer claimed the doctor had suffered ` shame and humiliation ' as a result of being caught and he posed a low risk to patient safety . He had also been allowed to carry on working despite the incidents . But the tribunal panel said : ` The convictions demonstrate a lack of integrity in that you recorded people secretly , in a state of undress and without their consent . The panel is also concerned about your level of insight . It has been described as ` poor ' in one report and it is only lately that you are able to say that you are ` getting there ' in terms of your offending behaviour . ` The panel does not consider that your insight is fully developed and considers that you remain at risk of repeating the behaviour . ` Your offences undermine public confidence in the profession and the panel considers that a reasonable member of the public , in possession of all the facts , would be deeply troubled by the behaviour in which you engaged . ' Al-Atraqchi will learn his fate next week .