Michael Bloomberg wants to be mayor again - but in London rather than New York City , according to reports . Bloomberg , who was elected to the top Big Apple job three times in a row , has reportedly turned his sights across the Atlantic , where he dreams of replacing incumbent Boris Johnson . According to Britain 's Sunday Times , Bloomberg , 73 , is ` considering ' the move , and has the backing of senior officials in Britain 's Conservative Party . Scroll down for video . Passing the torch ? Michael Bloomberg , right , is pictured above with London mayor Boris Johnson . He is reportedly considering standing for Johnson 's job in 2016 . Bloomberg has significant business interests in the city . His Bloomberg financial information company has offices there , while he personally owns a $ 30million mansion . In the past he has described London as his ` second home ' . His ex-wife is a British citizen , as are his two daughters . Though Bloomberg holds U.S. citizenship , sources told the Sunday Times that officials could arrange for a switch to make him eligible for high office . London is due a new mayor in 2016 . Boris Johnson , who was himself born in New York City , will then have held the position for eight years . ` Job swap ' : Johnson , right , who is seen as a future Prime Minister , once joked about swapping jobs with Bloomberg , left , who has said he thinks of London as a ` second home ' If Michael Bloomberg does become Mayor of London , it would be the latest twist in a long career which has seen him rise to the top in both business and politics . He started his career as an investment banker with Salomon Brothers , and when he was laid off from the firm in 1981 he used his $ 10million payout to start his own financial information company , Bloomberg LP . The firm is best known for the ` Bloomberg terminals ' which provide real-time updates on the financial markets and are now ubiquitous on banks ' trading floors . Bloomberg has also spawned an network of news outlets including a cable TV station , financial news website and the magazine Businessweek . In 2001 , Mr Bloomberg entered politics by running as the Republican candidate for mayor of New York City , and spent $ 73million of his own money getting elected . He went on to serve 12 years as mayor , drawing praise for his businesslike management of city government , but he courted controversy with high-profile decisions such as banning smoking indoors and outlawing extra-large sodas . Despite his repeated electoral success , Mr Bloomberg has faced opposition from the Left over his close links to Wall Street , while the Right has reacted with anger against his campaign to impose new restrictions on gun ownership across the US . Johnson is also standing for a seat in Britain 's parliament in the country 's May elections . He has said if he wins he will stay in the mayor 's job until 2016 , while serving as MP for the London constituency of Uxbridge and South Ruislip at the same time . He has long been spoken of as a future Prime Minister , and was recently named by incumbent David Cameron as a potential successor . Johnson has spoken before of the advantages of a new mayor coming in , though he could technically run for a third term . Speaking in 2013 to London radio station LBC , he said : ` The reality is that after eight years you 've been at it for a long time in a very big job . ` You see what happens to people who do things for too long . You 've got to be fair to the electorate , you 've got to be sure you are doing your best . ` There will come people who will have fantastic ideas and who will have fresh ways of thinking about things . ' Bloomberg and Johnson have met before - and at one meeting in 2013 , Johnson even joked about doing a ` job swap ' with Bloomberg - though there is no suggestion Johnson has set his sights on New York City . A source close to Johnson told the Sunday Times : ` Mike is an enormous friend of London . He 's a great contributor to the city . He 's got many supporters and admirers of which Boris is definitely one . ' If indeed Bloomberg decided on an unlkely run for mayor , he would have to jump through some hoops . As an American citizen he would have to apply for British residency . This process is lengthy but can be speeded up if the person invested $ 15 million into the country . This would present no difficulties for Bloomberg who is the 13th richest man in the world , worth $ 36 billion . Ineed , both of Bloomberg 's daughter 's are British and his ex-wife is Susan Brown , is from the north of England .