By the time he reached 17 , there was no room for Geoff Johnson at home . His mother started compulsively hoarding when he was a young boy , refusing to trash anything ; unable to fix anything . In his senior year , 1995 , it was too much : he moved out . Now , two decades later , he and his younger sister Jennifer McShea have returned to the family home in Omaha , Nebraska - and nothing has changed . Geoff , 37 , had visited his mother but only stood outside before picking her up to spend time elsewhere . Jennifer , also 37 , returned just twice , on the advice of her counselor , to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt . But when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013 , the house was handed to them . Finally returning to the meticulous havoc , they were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder 's child . Scroll down for video . Life as a hoarder 's child : Geoff Johnson returned to the home of his mother , a compulsive hoarder , 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing . He did this by superimposing shots of his son onto images of the trash-ridden home in Omaha . ` No place for a child ' : His younger sister Jennifer , also aged 37 , joined him as they confronted their past after their mother died of breast cancer in 2013 . Jennifer 's four-year-old daughter is superimposed onto a shot of the bathroom which has not been touched since they left in 1993 . Geoff , a photographer , wanted to picture his son and Jennifer 's daughter going about their daily lives among the trash - as they had done years before . But the crumbling house is so unsafe , and their feelings still so raw , that they opted to use Photoshop and superimpose the children onto the images . Regardless , the highly realistic results strike an uneasy feeling that Geoff says was so difficult to come to terms with . ` It is difficult to describe the feeling of shame , the fear of embarrassment that you have growing up with a hoarder , ' Geoff , who is still based nearby in Omaha , tells DailyMail.com . ` People would say `` why did n't you just throw things away ? '' It 's just not as simple as that . Hoarders have a deep-rooted sense of attachment to things and it seems crazy but they have a sense of order . ` My sister and I would try to throw things away , but if anything even moved our mom would get very upset . ` Going back was an emotional experience . ` When we were kids , I would only ever open the door by a crack when people came by . We never had people over . ` It 's a complex issue ' : Geoff said people have since asked him why they did n't just throw things away . He said the issue was deeper than that and his mother had a deep-rooted attachment to every little piece of the havoc . But as a child it was difficult to understand . ` Sense of perspective ' : Jennifer said the pictures have helped her to see that the home she felt so uncomfortable in was no place for children . Jennifer 's bedroom : Jennifer made clear that she did not want the children to enter the crumbling house , which is filled with mold , as it is unsafe and also occupies a difficult emotional space for her . She wants her daughter to know that she would never put her in that situation . Breaking point : Geoff moved out when he was 17 in 1995 when a pipe burst during the winter . ` There was no heating and I had to be responsible . It was the hardest thing I had had to do in my life up until that point and I could n't take it any more , ' he said . ` Things would break and never be fixed . We did n't have a working refrigerator - we would leave food on the back porch in the winter , and get a cooler in the summer , but that would break too . ` I had to leave in January of my senior year because the pipes broke . It was so cold , there was no heating , and I was just 17 . It was the hardest thing I 'd had to do in my life up until that point ; to be the adult , be responsible . It was too much for me , so I left . ' Jennifer was already long-gone by that point . Just 19 months younger than Geoff , she left when she was 15 in 1993 , to live with their father in the same village . She did n't return until she finished college in 2001 . ` I was going through counseling , and discovered that the house was a big part of the issues I was dealing with , ' Jennifer , based in Florida , told DailyMail.com . ` My counselor said I should go back , and take friends to confront the feeling of embarrassment . It was that feeling that people did n't know about that side of our lives . We never let anyone in , and then we left it behind . Feeling of shame : In this image -LRB- left -RRB- Geoff is recreating the way he would hide behind the door when people came to visit , and never let people come to visit . Jennifer returned to the house when she finished college on the advice of her counselor to confront the feeling of shame . Unmoved : They photographed the scene completely untouched when they returned to clean it up after their mother passed away . The moment they returned together was important for them , they said . They both knew what each other had gone through as kids . ` The first time I stepped in there , the memories washed over me . It was hard . My mom was n't there , but she had given me permission to go . ` My two friends came in after me , they were supportive and gracious , but I could tell they were also taken aback by it all . ' A few years later , she returned again with the man that would become her husband . And finally , in 2013 , she and Geoff returned together . ` It was a really important moment for both of us I think , ' she told DailyMail.com . ` To be there with someone who knew what you had gone through . We could talk about memories , and now that we 're both parents we could reflect on how it affected us . Placing their children in the frames was a cathartic experience that , Jennifer says , helped her fully understand how she had been affected . ` Seeing my own daughter sat there in my room , even though she was n't actually there , was a really big thing for me . ` You see it from an outside perspective : this is no place for a child . ` I do n't think we really knew at the time . For children , it is an enormous , complex , emotional concept to get your head around . ' The pair made clear that they continued to have a relationship with their mother until the day she died . It was the house , however , that left them with such difficult feelings . ` My mom worked hard , she had multiple jobs and children . I do n't blame her for that , ' Geoff says . ` But it was difficult for us . '