New lease of life : Karen Bane with her daughter Jessica after undergoing the alternative procedure . It is a painful and embarrassing condition that affects millions of British women . Pelvic organ prolapse , or POP , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs -- including the womb -- becomes weak , typically after childbirth . Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ` full ' feeling , discomfort during sex or stress incontinence . Although up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help , and many who do are offered just one solution : a hysterectomy . While surgical removal of the reproductive organs solves the immediate problem , it also ends fertility , and with three months of recovery needed , it is no quick fix . Now , a leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly . He is one of a growing number of surgeons who claim not enough women are offered the alternative : a half-hour keyhole procedure that uses an implanted mesh ` sling ' made from nylon to lift and hold the womb back in place , providing a permanent solution to a prolapse and preserving fertility . The procedure , called a sacrohysteropexy , is rare , with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three years . By contrast , there were 145,310 admissions to hospitals in England in the past three years for hysterectomies due to conditions such as fibroids , pelvic pain or cancer , according to the Health and Social Care Information Centre . Surgeon Jonathan Broome , who has performed more than 1,000 sacrohysteropexies in the past 15 years , has called for the option to be made more widely available on the NHS so women of child-bearing age are not forced to choose between quality of life or the chance to have children . ` Most women requiring surgery for a prolapse will be referred for a hysterectomy by their GP , ' says Mr Broome , who performs the £ 4,000 procedure for both NHS and private patients at hospitals in Lancashire and Greater Manchester . ` That means some women are faced with the dilemma of living a normal life without a prolapse , or the possibility of having children . ` Far too many GPs recommend hysterectomies as the solution to a prolapse , when a sacrohysteropexy is a much better alternative . It 's a shorter operation , with shorter recovery time because it is less invasive , and fertility is not put at risk . ' Pelvic organ prolapse , or POP , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs -- including the womb -- becomes weak , typically after childbirth -LRB- file image -RRB- . Common causes of prolapse include childbirth , lower levels of oestrogen at menopause , being overweight and chronic illnesses such as lung diseases , which create pressure inside the abdomen from coughing . Half of women over 50 will have symptoms of pelvic organ prolapse and more than one in ten will have had surgery for the problem by the age of 80 . Concerns have been raised about the use of mesh implants in gynaecological procedures , with some women in Scotland and the US complaining of problems including bleeding and infections . But consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist Clive Spence-Jones says the risk of complications where mesh is inserted abdominally is very small . Medical watchdog the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has received two reports of adverse incidents relating to a sacrohysteropexy since 2011 . ● A sacrohysteropexy is keyhole surgery performed under general anaesthetic to put the womb back into its normal position . ● Tiny cuts are made in the stomach through which a telescope and instruments are passed . ● A piece of mesh is inserted via an incision along the bikini line . Using tiny needles , one end of the mesh is attached to the back of the cervix and the other to the coccyx , and it is fixed with metal staples . The mesh is also covered with a thin layer of tissue to prevent scar tissue forming , encouraging the tissue to grow and make the repair stronger . ● It can stay in place indefinitely and does not require a repeat operation . ● The procedure takes half an hour and involves an overnight stay in hospital . Mr Spence-Jones agrees that too many women are given the wrong advice on what surgery is right for them . ` There seems to be a notion in general practice that taking everything -- in other words , a hysterectomy -- is the answer to a prolapse , when that is n't the case , ' he says . ` Sparing the fertility is a reason for considering procedures other than a hysterectomy , but not the only one . ' One woman who says her life has been transformed by a sacrohysteropexy is 44-year-old mother - of-two Karen Bane , from Lancashire . She suffered feelings of bloatedness following the birth of her daughters Gabrielle , seven , and Jessica , five . ` I felt sluggish -- I had back pain , sitting was uncomfortable and intercourse was painful . I 'd also started to have leakage . It was mortifying being a woman in my early 40s and not being able to control my bladder . ` I put up with the symptoms for five years , but when I started to have bleeding , I knew enough was enough . I was a mother of two young children , yet all I could see were years of misery in front of me . ' Karen went to her GP with her symptoms in May 2014 and was referred to Mr Broome . He performed the procedure at Euxton Hall Hospital in Chorley , Lancashire , last October . Karen says the procedure has given her a new lease of life . ` I can run , skip and hula-hoop with my daughters without giving it a second thought , ' she explains . ` I feel so much more feminine since my operation -- my only battle scars are tiny nicks on my stomach . And because I had a sacrohysteropexy rather than a hysterectomy , everything is still there . It 's not something we are planning to do as we feel our family is complete , but the chance to have another child has not been taken away from me . ' Why should I take ... Creatine . Creatine is a compound found in muscle tissue that increases the body 's ability to produce energy , and is often used by athletes to boost performance during high-intensity exercise . But there is evidence that taking 5g of creatine daily can deliver a short-term boost to brain power . An Australian study involving 45 volunteers found that those who took creatine for six weeks performed better in IQ and memory tests than those who were given a placebo . Fish and red meat are good natural sources . Ask a stupid question ... Beauty & Go Bioactive Beauty Drinks . You do n't just rub on moisturiser these days -- you can drink it too . These fruity drinks deliver collagen proteins , hyaluronic acid and antioxidants in four ` flavours ' : Vitality , Detox , Anti-Ageing and Radiance . 250 ml , £ 2.99 , selfridges.com . Can you smell when it 's going to rain ? Professor Barry Smith , founder of the Centre for the Study of the Senses at the University of London , says : ` Yes you can . Air pressure falls and humidity increases when it is about to rain , and our noses act like a barometer , picking up these subtle changes in the air . ` Humidity makes smells more intense . The smell gets stronger still when rain starts to fall , as droplets of water will pick up molecules from the surface they hit -- such as grass or dirt -- and carry them into the air . '