A young woman has managed to find her doppelgänger after launching a campaign on Facebook as a social experiment - and their likeness is mind-blowing . Niamh Geaney , a 26-year-old TV presenter from Dublin , teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days , and were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world . Incredibly , Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan , 29 , a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together . Scroll down for video . Uncanny : Niamh Geaney , a 26-year-old student from Dublin -LRB- left -RRB- , found her ` twin stranger ' in Karen Branigan -LRB- right -RRB- , through a social media campaign she launched with friends . Speaking to MailOnline about her first meeting with Karen , Niamh said : I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me . ` For the entire duration of our encounter I pretty much stared at her . I could n't get over her face , and some of the expressions she would pull I would think to myself or say aloud , `` Oh my God that 's my face . '' ` I ca n't remember the number of times I said `` this is so freaky '' . It was truly amazing . ' Karen , who is currently in between jobs , has five sisters and a brother . Niamh has a brother and two sisters , and both girls agree that none of their siblings look anywhere near as similar to them as they do to one another . Niamh said the pair got on ` very well ' as they both applied make-up before the shoot , swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities . ` For the entire duration of our encounter I pretty much stared at her . I could n't get over her face , ' said Niamh -LRB- left -RRB- . They meet ! ` I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me ' Niamh -LRB- right -RRB- said about Karen -LRB- left -RRB- . Niamh added , ` I ca n't remember the number of times I said `` this is so freaky '' . It was truly amazing ' ` I would say Karen is the shyer of the two of us , ' Niamh remarked . ` But then you have to remember this was an even more surreal experience for her than it was for me . ` I knew what search I was embarking on . I 'm the weirdo that contacted Karen out of the blue and asked her to meet me in person . ' Since meeting , Niamh and Karen - who are both single - say they 've been chatting on Facebook ` constantly ' . Karen -LRB- right -RRB- turned out to be a fellow Ireland native who lived just an hour down the road from Niamh -LRB- left -RRB- , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together . She added , ` Some of the expressions she would pull I would think to myself or say aloud , `` Oh my God that 's my face '' ' While Niamh appears to have beaten her fellow Twin Strangers participants , 21-year-old Harry and 22-year-old Terence , hands down , the search is n't over until April 27 . ` I think I have a two , maybe three at a push who resemble me . But they 're definitely not as close a match as Karen to Niamh , ' Harry says . ` I 'm trailing further behind , ' admits Terence . ` Must be a guy thing . They tend to be a bit too shy to participate . Not sure if being originally from sub-Saharan Africa has anything to do with it ! ' Niamh -LRB- right -RRB- said she and Karen -LRB- left -RRB- got on ` very well ' as they both applied make-up before the shoot , swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Friends for life ? Since meeting , Niamh -LRB- right -RRB- and Karen -LRB- left -RRB- - who are both single - say they 've been chatting on Facebook ` constantly ' Feedback : Shocked reactions to Karen and Niamh 's story have flooded in from far and wide . Challenge : Niamh 's -LRB- right -RRB- fellow Twin Strangers participants , 21-year-old Harry -LRB- left -RRB- and 22-year-old Terence -LRB- centre -RRB- , are still looking for their doppelgängers , and the search is n't over until April 27 . Niamh , who is still promoting the project across social media with Harry and Terence as interest spreads , says there will be no prize for the winner , just ` pride ' . They are inviting others from around the world to join in too now , by adding users ' photos to their Facebook album . ` There is a huge human curiosity element to it , ' Niamh states . ` Can you imagine how surreal it would be to meet someone who looked exactly like you ? '