A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it 's description of diggers as ` dole bludgers ' , rapists and terrorists . ` The Diggers are Dole Bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January , and claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians . The administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are ` being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary ' . ` The Diggers are Dole Bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January . ` The diggers live off the taxpayer , and provide a service that is harmful to the welfare of Australian civilians . ' One meme posted to the page features the iconic ` handsome soldier ' photograph with the words ` You have freedom of speech thanks to us . Stop talking sh*t or we 'll f *** ing rape you c ** t ' . ` Hey remember the time that the diggers invaded a country on the other side of the world , one that posed precisely zero threat to Australia , and Australians decided to celebrate their heroism in doing so every single year ? ' said a post to the page . The admin of the page also claims that if the ANZAC 's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech . The page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians . The page claims that if the ANZAC 's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech . ` It seems that this page 's detractors ca n't even work out whether the diggers fought for our freedom of speech , or whether the government that employs the diggers is going to shut down this page and charge the admins for offending people . ' Despite multiple reports to Facebook as ` hate speech ' , the page remains live . A protest page called ` Remove the Diggers are Dole Bludgers ' was created to petition Facebook to take the page down , and has garnered over 3000 likes . ` The site is a insult to every soldier who served his country , some who have never come back others who suffer daily from the trauma , just so people like this have the freedom of speech , ' said one Facebook user . Despite multiple reports to Facebook as ` hate speech ' , the page remains live . ` The site is a insult to every soldier who served his country , some who have never come back , ' said one Facebook user . ` I have never heard anything so ridiculous in my life what are the Australian people thinking these people put there lives on the line for people and country and this is what they are calling them shame shame shame on you people bow your heads in shame lest we forget , ' said another . The admin of the protest page said that the counter-page was started to send a message to ` all diggers do n't let the page `` The Diggers are Dole Bludgers '' make you think your work in current and past wars was not appreciated that is simply the opinion of one fool that has extremely unpopular opinions Lest We Forget . ' ` The page was probably made by some long haired unemployed bogan who failed the aptitude test required to put shoes on let alone serve in the ADF , ' said a Facebook user .