Still employed : Rolling Stone is not expected to take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely , whose reporting was roundly discredited . An independent review of Rolling Stone 's story about an alleged violent gang rape at the University of Virginia said the story fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism . Professors at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story Sunday night , going through its shortcomings step by step . Rolling Stone bosses commissioned the review after the story , by contributing editor Sabrina Rubin Erdely , was called into serious question . However , despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts , nobody will lose their job over the story . Jann Wenner , the publisher of Rolling Stone , confirmed to the New York Times that everybody would remain in their positions . He defended her reporting , and described the supposed rape victim as ` a really expert fabulist storyteller ' . Erdely , who went to ground as the row over her article erupted , issued an apology in the wake of the review , admitting ` I did not go far enough ' . Her piece credulously recounted the story of an anonymous student - referred to as Jackie - who said she was lured to the Phi Kappa Psi house and raped by a gang of seven men . It described the ordeal , during which Jackie said she was passed from man to man in an excruciating three hours of pain , during which she was also supposedly penetrated with a beer bottle upstairs during a pledging event . The article recounted the event in vivid , graphic detail based on Jackie 's account . It said : ` There was a heavy person on top of her , spreading open her thighs , and another person kneeling on her hair , hands pinning down her arms , sharp shards digging into her back , and excited male voices rising all around her . ` When yet another hand clamped over her mouth , Jackie bit it , and the hand became a fist that punched her in the face . The men surrounding her began to laugh . ' Scroll down for video . Report : The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night . Describing the moment she supposedly passed out from pain , it continued : ` Someone handed her classmate a beer bottle . Jackie stared at the young man , silently begging him not to go through with it . ` And as he shoved the bottle into her , Jackie fell into a stupor , mentally untethering from the brutal tableau , her mind leaving behind the bleeding body under assault on the floor . ' The review spelled out extensive contact between Erdely and Jackie , spanning eight interviews . Erdely wrote 405 pages of notes about the story . Jackie also spent four hours speaking to a Rolling Stone fact-checker . Anonymous : Jackie has never been identified . Police officials say she refused to be interviewed in the course of their investigation . Erdely had asked repeatedly for the name of the supposed attacker , but Jackie said she was not ` comfortable ' with the idea of him being contacted for the story . But they ultimately decided to rely on her for virtually all the information in the account , which led to inconsistencies not being discovered until after publication . Erdely asked Jackie again for the name once the public interrogation of her account began . This time she agreed - but it emerged she did not even know how to spell the surname of the man , referred to as ` Drew ' in the story . Experts at Columbia concluded that Erdely , her editors , and the fact-checking department all failed to try hard enough to speak to the accused , and other people mentioned in the story . And , they said , when they did speak to organizations , including the fraternity and UVA , they provided so little information that there was no way for them to check the events themselves and flag any inconsistent information . They said that had they reached out to some people named - specifically friends whom Jackie spoke to immediately after the supposed rape - her credibility would have collapsed in time to ditch the story . Erdely asked to speak to one of the friends - fellow student Ryan Duffin - using Jackie as a go-between . Jackie told Erdely he refused and was ` incredulous ' at the request , calling the Rolling Stone article a 's *** show ' . Duffin later said that Jackie never spoke to him at all . Erdely admitted that if she had spoken to Duffin and realized the inconsistency , she would likely have dropped Jackie 's story . Claims : The story published in November focused on a University of Virginia student named Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus ' Phi Kappa Psi fraternity two years ago . Above , the frat house on January 15 , 2015 . Another possible way Erdely could have found out inconsistencies in the story would have been giving fuller details to the fraternity and UVA when asking them for comment , the review said . Stepehn Scipione , the chapter president of Phi Kappa , was asked to comment on the allegations without being given dates of the supposed attack or any details about who was involved . He told the review : ` It was complete bull *** t . They were n't telling me what they were going to write about . They were n't telling me any dates or details . ' When the full story was published , Phi Kappa Psi responded by pointing out there had been no party on the date Jackie gave . They also said that - despite claims of a pledging ritual taking place at the time - the fraternity house was then home to no pledges . The review concluded : ` Rolling Stone 's repudiation of the main narrative in A Rape on Campus is a story of journalistic failure that was avoidable . ` The failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . ` The magazine set aside or rationalized as unnecessary essential practices of reporting that , if pursued , would likely have led the magazine 's editors to reconsider publishing Jackie 's narrative so prominently , if at all . ` The published story glossed over the gaps in the magazine 's reporting by using pseudonyms and by failing to state where important information had come from . ' It recommended that Rolling Stone tighten its procedures around fact-checking and offer more details when requesting comment from subjects . It also questioned the use of pseudonyms , and said the magazine should consider banning them . At the same time as publishing the review , Rolling Stone announced that it was ` officially retracting ' the story , which has amassed more than 2.7 million views online . The page where the story was hosted until Sunday night now redirected to the Columbia review , which has the subtitle ` An anatomy of a journalistic failure ' . Sean Woods , one of Jackie 's editors , described the scandal over the article as ` It 's been an extraordinarily painful and humbling experience ' . He later added : ` Ultimately , we were too deferential to our rape victim ; we honored too many of her requests in our reporting . ` We should have been much tougher , and in not doing that , we maybe did her a disservice . ' In a personal statement released online , Erdely said : ` Reading the Columbia account of the mistakes and misjudgements in my reporting was a brutal and humbling expereince . ` I want to offer my deepest apologies : to Rolling Stone 's readers , to my Rolling Stone editors and colleagues , to the UVA community , and to any victims of sexual assault who may feel fearful as a resolut of my article . She said that as a reporter she must : ` weigh my compassion against my journalistic duty to find the truth . ` However , in the case of Jackie and her account of her traumatic rape , I did not go far enough to verify her story . ` I allowed my concern for Jackie 's well-being , my fear of re-traumatizing her , and my confidence in her credibility to take the place of more questioning and more facts . These are mistakes I wlll not make again . '