It is a conversation that will be familiar to couples across the country . What one spouse thinks is a ` discussion ' , the other understands they are being over-ruled . In a joint interview with his high flying lawyer wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez , Nick Clegg revealed the balance of power lies where many long suspected : with her . After the last election , Mr Clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife . After controversies over David Cameron 's large country kitchen and Ed Miliband 's small second kitchen , the couple invited the cameras into the kitchen of their £ 1.5 million family home in Putney , south west London for ITV 's Tonight programme . Scroll down for video . Home : In a revealing joint interview , Liberal Democrats leader Nick Clegg -LRB- pictured -RRB- admitted his wife Miriam -LRB- right -RRB- makes the big decisions in their household . Mr Clegg is seen in the documentary drinking wine as his wife explains why she chose not to move her family into a government property . They revealed why they decided to remain with their three sons Antonio , Alberto , and Miguel , in the family home instead of making the move to Whitehall . Miriam , who uses her maiden name Gonzalez Durantez , told ITV News Political Editor Tom Bradby : ` We had a lot of pressure at the time to go to one of the houses of the government . ` We discussed and thought the best thing would be for the children to stay here . Revealingly , Mr Clegg quipped : ` Discussion 's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no . ' But he quickly added : ` You were so right , you were so right . ' However , the couple believe that choosing to remain in their family home has stopped them from becoming cut off from the rest of the world . Mrs Clegg said : ` If you look at it with perspective it has been the best decision for all of us and if I may , also for Nick as well because you can see how politicians sometimes can get in a bubble and be completely distant from normal society and I think if you 're in your house in your neighbourhood , it 's much easier really . ' The couple were asked why they decided to remain with their three sons Antonio , Alberto , and Miguel , in their £ 1.5 million family home in Putney , south west London . The couple believe that choosing to remain in their family home has stopped them from becoming cut off from the rest of the world . Asked how they coped with the ` terrific kicking ' given to her husband she said she did n't take it ` too seriously ' . ` Just like any other marriage , we just stand together and it 's not any more of a difficulty than what many others have to go through and you know . You should never take it too seriously . ' And if he wanted five more years Mr Clegg said : ` Ten , 15 , 20 why not ! In for a penny , in for a pound . ' He also insisted he felt more full of ` vim and vigour ' than he did in the start of the coalition . Focus groups conducted by the programme found Mr Clegg was characterised as the ` chihuahua in a handbag ' of the government . When asked what kind of drink he was the participants settled on Babycham . Asked how they coped with the ` terrific kicking ' given to her husband , Mrs Clegg said she did n't take it ` too seriously ' The Cleggs were seen drinking white wine and cooking paella in the kitchen of their home as they chatted about their family life . Honest : ` Discussion 's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no , ' Mr Clegg -LRB- left -RRB- joked during the interview . Ed Miliband was widely mocked after he posed with wife Justine in this picture , which turned out to be a second kitchen in his north London home used for ` tea and snacks ' David Cameron invited the cameras into his Oxfordshire home , where he revealed he did not plan to stand for a third term . Mr Clegg sought to explain why his relations with the Prime Minister always seemed to be so cordial . He said : ` If you know you disagree with someone , there 's no tension . I suspect meetings between Tony Blair and Gordon Brown were so fractious because they kind of should have agreed but they did n't . ` When David Cameron and I sit in a meeting , as we do week in week out , we kind of know that our starting point is that we come from different vantage points ... ' He claimed not to read all newspapers , and had learned how to ignore attacks form his opponents . ` It sounds glib but I actually think you ca n't take it too seriously otherwise you spend all your time reacting to stuff and you just have to laugh at it because some of it is faintly silly . ' Mrs Clegg added that their close bond as a family has protected from the political brickbats . ` From my point of view if I spend my time thinking about whatever a specific person may has said , I do n't have any time to do what I want to do . I think that helps most is that we are very together and that we have a very close environment of family and friends and I feel very protected . ' Out and about : Miriam Clegg was on the campaign trail in London yesterday , insisting the Lib Dems ` deserved ' to be reelected in May . While on the campaign trail , Miriam Clegg -LRB- left -RRB- claimed her husband -LRB- right -RRB- and his party had ` put country above party ' and endured ` great personal cost ' Yesterday Mrs Clegg was on the campaign trail in London , insisting the Lib Dems ` deserved ' to be reelected in May . She claimed her husband and his party had ` put country above party ' and endured ` great personal cost ' . She said : ` I have seen Nick and these guys for five years putting country above party consistently , every single day . ` Very often at a great personal cost . They deserve to be back . ' In the show , to be broadcast tonight Mr Clegg defied the polls which suggest his party could lose dozens of its MPs on May 7 , by insisting he was ready to go in politics for another 20 years .