Dusan Bako , who flew into a rage and punched his pregnant girlfriend repeatedly in the stomach , causing her to lose their unborn baby . A teenage rapper has been jailed after punching his heavily pregnant 16-year-old girlfriend in the stomach causing her to lose their unborn baby . Dusan Bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone only to discover it was switched off . During a confrontation near a park in Oldham , Greater Manchester , Bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl ` like a boxer ' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child . Bako , from Oldham , was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial , pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a plea bargaining deal . Prosecutors at Manchester Crown Court said Bako had a ` flashpoint of rage ' and punched her in the stomach knowing she was pregnant . The court heard the girl who can not be named told how being with Bako was ` like being tortured ' and in the run up to the attack in August last year she was living in fear of him and his demands that he wanted the baby ` for his family . ' Mark Kellet prosecuting said : ` They had met on Facebook and started dating . She describes that they were very much in love , and the pregnancy was planned because they were so in love . ` She moved in with Dusan and his parents and there was , she says , significant animosity between their respective parents . While living with Dusan , she missed her parents and this caused friction within the relationship and she deiced to return home . ` In the arguments that followed she describes the defendant as physically and verbally abusive and she turned-off her phone because she says the defendant had made threats towards her . He sent a text message to her father asking him to tell her to turn-on her telephone , which she did . ` He then asked her to come outside and speak to him . She says that she was reluctant because he had previously made threats about punching her in the stomach . When she told him that she did not wish to go outside to speak to him , he became threatening , saying that he would come into the house and cause trouble . ` When she left the house , her mother could see the defendant dragging her by her sweatshirt , so she and her husband followed . Her mother shouted : `` Why are you dragging her like this , she 's pregnant . '' Bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . ` Once they had entered a park , the defendant grabbed the girl around the neck and punched her in the stomach , a forceful and deliberate blow targeting her stomach area . She immediately doubled up in pain . ' Eye witness Carol Hulme , who was walking her dog said in a statement : ` As the male ran in and grabbed the young female , he stopped suddenly and put his arm around the back of her neck . ` With the other arm he clenched his fist , swung his arm back and punched the female in the stomach . As soon as he punched her , he swung his arm back again and repeated the punch in the same area whilst still grabbing her around the neck . ` He hit her like a boxer would hit his opponent . It seemed more of a targeted strike . She could n't move , the way he had hold of her . I 've never seen anyone hit someone like that so low down . ` It would have been between her stomach and her private area . The best was to describe the direction of the punch is like an uppercut , the fist down striking upwards . I am still thinking how strange it is that she was hit that low . ' Bako fled the scene as the girl let out an ` ungodly scream . ' She was taken to hospital where the baby 's heartbeat began to slow . The girl was given a scan and watched the monitor screen as the baby died . She describes being in great pain . Mr Kellet added : ` This was caused as a result of the injury to the girl caused by the punch . In essence , the punch to the stomach caused a placental haemorrhage and abruption . Bako was jailed for fours years , eight months at Manchester Crown Court , pictured , after admitting causing grievous bodily harm with intent . ` The foetus became starved of oxygen and died . ' Bako later surrendered to police and told officers the punch was accidental . He said : ` I took her to the park , her mum was shouting at me and then came up behind me and tried to slap me . ` I tried to hit her to defend myself , but I caught her in the stomach by mistake . I never intended to hit her or hurt the baby . '' In mitigation , defence counsel Peter Warne said : ` We are not dealing with a mature 18 year old . This was a complete instant loss of self-control and an ` emotional reaction to a situation that confronted him . He wishes to write a letter of apology . ` He is remorseful . He wants to do what he can to make amends even if only writing a letter to explain how sorry he is . Iit is not easy for someone of his age and immaturity to face up to what he has done and be brave enough to enter the plea he did for a very serious offence . ' Jailing him for four years , eight months , today Judge Robert Atherton told Bako : ` You delivered a serious blow to the lower stomach of your girlfriend who was pregnant with your child and as a result of that blow described as a boxer delivering an upper cut , the placenta of the child was ruptured which lead to starvation of oxygen , terminating the pregnancy . ` I can not begin to understand or appreciate her feelings at this loss or either your feelings at this loss . '