Stephanie Scott 's heartbroken family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ` show their support of our beautiful Steph ' for her funeral tomorrow . The service to remember the life of the beloved teacher from Leeton will tragically be held at the venue intended for her wedding which was due to take place six days after she disappeared . The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , Leeton High School on April 5 . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder . Ms Scott 's body was found by found by police in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on April 10 . ` Hi everyone . Tomorrow will be Stephanie 's funeral ... All are welcome to pay your respects , ' wrote Stephanie Scott 's sister Kim on Tuesday night . ` She was a beautiful girl and we 'd all love to see you to show your support for her . ' Scroll down for video . Stephanie Scott is pictured giggling as a little girl -LRB- far right -RRB- in a sweet photo with her elder sisters Robyn and Kim , in a photo shared by her sister Kim on the eve of her tragic funeral . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen 's party in Canberra in March with her mother Merrilyn . Ms Scott 's father Robert Scott -LRB- left -RRB- spoke to the gathered mourners on April 11 on behalf of his family and friends -LRB- pictured with wife Merrilyn and daughter Kim -RRB- . Family and friends grieve a day after Ms Scott 's remains were found . Stephanie Scott 's mother -LRB- right -RRB- comforts her daughter 's fiance , Aaron Leeon-Woolley who would have married Stephanie that day . Kim Scott asked everyone to ` show your support ' for her sister , Stephanie Scott at her funeral on Wednesday . A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW 's central west . Family , friends , students and even strangers will remember the brunette at ' Eat Your Greens ' function centre - the location where Stephanie had planned to celebrate her wedding ten days before . On Monday , Kim addressed a loving message to her late sister , posting the ode after preparing a photo slideshow for her funeral . ` I 've laughed , I 've cried , I 've even tried to impersonate your heartfelt cackle , but after 95 slides , I still do n't think I 've done your beautiful life justice , ' Kim wrote . ` You 'll always be our little sister and always be our Button-Nose . We love you , Stephanie xxx , ' she wrote . Stephanie had been a respected and adore English and drama teacher at Leeton High School . Leeton High School has made an touching gesture , sending a supportive message to the entire school community to acknowledge the grief they may feel as they face the daunting task of returning to school . Beloved teacher Stephanie Scott 's workplace , Leeton High , commended the community for their strength . Police were lead to Stephanie Scott 's remains by the family of her accused killer , Vincent Stanford . On Tuesday , the school used social media to reach out to staff , students and parents after their first day back after the school holidays . It had also been the first day on campus without the beloved teacher . ` Once again , whenever strength , unity , leadership and integrity is asked of the whole student body , Leeton High 's students rise to the challenge , ' they wrote . The school 's facebook admin proceeded to commend the school community for their thoughtfulness after a beautiful , yellow-themed tribute was left for Ms Scott at the school following her disappearance . ` Just like at the fence tribute for Stephanie last Thursday , you guys were impeccable on this , the toughest of all school days . ' The high school where she worked became a memorial site after it emerged Ms Scott had been murdered . Their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra . Now , it will tragically be the venue for her funeral . 120 guests were preparing to arrive at Stephanie 's picturesque wedding venue on April 11 . However , tragedy struck and her body was found on April 10 . Kim Scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . ` A Facebook post can not convey our pride and respect right now . ' Classes will not be run as normal on Wednesday as the majority of teachers and many students will be attending Ms Scott 's funeral . Just days before , the school made an touching gesture , sending a supportive message to the entire school community to acknowledge the grief they may feel as they face the daunting task of returning to the campus . ` Tomorrow is the start of what will be the most difficult week of school life for both students and teachers , ' the Leeton High School Facebook page wrote . ` We will be aided by a large number of people in supportive roles and there are several individuals and organisations to whom we offer so much gratitude . ' The country high school called on the school to unite together , to be understanding and to take strength from the support they can offer each other . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . ` More importantly though , we have each other , ' the post continues . ` Rest assured , if you stumble or fall , you will do so into the safe hands of many who care about you . ' ` At other times , your hands could be needed and we know you will be there . ' ` For Steph . For our school . For our town . For each other . ' The high school was the last known location of Ms Scott before the 26-year-old went missing on Easter Sunday - less than a week before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley . The drama and English teacher returned to the school alone that day to preparing lessons for the teachers who would replace her while she was on her honeymoon . Instead tragedy struck and the 26-year-old 's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , the following Friday afternoon . On the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley a memorial was held . Her body was tragically found the day before . Aaron Leeson-Woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service on the day he had been due to marry the love of his life , Stephanie Scott . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June . Stephanie Scott 's sister Robyn commented on Leeton High School 's Facebook post on Sunday evening , addressing a beautiful message to the students who meant so much to her sister . ` Just remember what my beautiful sister Stephanie loved . Teaching all you amazing students and seeing your smiling faces , ' wrote Robyn . ` You are the ones who made her want to be the most amazing teacher , friend and person she could be . ` Be strong , Leeton . For Steph . And know she will be with you all in spirit as I know she is with her family and friends . Xxxxxxxxx . ' The school has made counselling services available for students and held ` community support coffee mornings ' to help bring staff , students and parents together during the school holidays . ` A community united grows stronger , ' the school vowed . A vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and English . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .