A burlesque performer is attempting to eradicate all negativity surrounding the word ` fat ' -- by embracing it as an honest , body-positive description of her own physique . During a recent TED talk , Lillian Bustle , from New Jersey , revealed that she also calls herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ' 3 '' , and ` wife ' , because she is married , noting that each of these words is just an honest description of what she is . And ` fat ' is just another self-descriptor for her , who insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ` ugly ' . ` We as women are programmed to tell each other that we 're not fat , because to many people - both men and women - fat is the worst thing that you can be , ' she said during her talk , which took place earlier this month . Scroll down for video . Not-so-tiny dancer : Burlesque performer Lillian Bustle explained in her TED talk that ` fat ' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult . Beauty comes in bigger packages , too : During her lecture , Lillian explained that ` fat ' should n't mean the same thing as ugly . Unfortunately , Lillian added , her worldview is n't held by everyone , and she pointed to a statistic that shows that size discrimination in the workplace has risen 66 per cent in the past 30 years . And those negative perceptions of bigger people start young : The top ` magic wish ' for girls 11 to 17 , according to a study , is to be thinner . But there 's hope . Lillian explained that , according to other studies , ` the more we 're exposed to body diversity , the more we tolerate , accept , and yes , even prefer , different body types ' . That promising fact is something that encourages the dancer to perform burlesque , which enables her to expose her audiences to a ` fat ' body in a positive , glamorous way . Changing minds : Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types , the more they like them ; Lillian hopes exposing her audience to a fuller figure will change their perceptions . Lillian also quoted another performer named Beelzebabe , who has spoken out in the past about the fact that the body diversity of burlesque performers ` challenges us to rethink the narrow confines that society has given us for what 's desirable ' . It certainly challenged Lillian , who weighs in at 240 lbs . She admits she was in awe at the first burlesque show she ever saw , immediately resolving to try it herself . She began performing in 2012 , and says the experience has been both empowering and incredibly body-positive . While the first time she performed she was nervous about people seeing her arms jiggle , once she did it , she felt like she could ` walk through fire ' . Now , whenever she 's feeling insecure , she can think back to that first performance ; Lillian recommends other people find a similar ` courage reference ' - a moment you felt brave that you can think back to at times when you feel more insecure and afraid . Self-esteem boost : Lillian said she was nervous before her first performance because of how her arms looked , but now she feels great about her body . Plump crowd-pleaser : While a few people have left nasty comments on the YouTube page for her TED talk , Lillian said the response has been mostly positive . Though Lillian gave her TED talk in 2014 , it was only posted on YouTube three weeks ago . Since then , the clip has generated nearly 38,000 views - and plenty of positive feedback . ` I 've never been so happy in all my life , ' she wrote for xoJane . ` I 've had this stupid grin on my face for a week straight . ' Besides a few ` trolls ' posting vicious negative comments , Lillian received a slew of positive messages , including letters of thanks , personal stories , and an email from a teenage girl who watched the video with her younger sister and said it made them reevaluate the way they viewed their bodies . ` I really think we - and by `` we '' I mean nice people and body-positivity - are winning , ' she said .