From ` here 's you a piece of pizza ' to ` this glass needs washed ' , every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world . In New York , for instance , there 's a tendency to use the word ` so ' for drama , such as ` I 'm so totally over this . ' Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying ` did n't nobody help him ' , while Florida residents can be heard using the phrase , ` I ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em . ' Click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state . All of my clothes needs washed - Idaho ... and wad n't anybody home but me - Alabama . Do n't none of y ' all work as hard as I do - Virginia . We all use night-crawlers anymore - Iowa . I so might run this -LSB- race -RSB- with you - California . I ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em - Florida . You are so in the Doghouse for that on - New York . Twitter can be a professional job anymore - Nebraska . Now researchers at Yale University have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US . Their interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region , as well as its source . While the map focuses on the US , it also has a small amount of data for the UK , with sentences such as ` yer lugs needs washed ' used in Scotland and ` Ne mon nule don hum no good ' , in Aylesbury . ` Unlike variation in phonology -LRB- often referred to as accent -RRB- and in the lexicon -LRB- different words -RRB- , variation in grammatical systems within English has for the most part not been systematically investigated , ' says Larry Horn , professor of linguistics and philosophy at Yale University . ` This variation may be found among speakers who live in a certain geographical region , or who belong to a certain age group , or to a particular social or ethnic group , ' he adds . During the past year , members of the project have been conducting nationwide surveys using an online crowdsourcing platform asking for people 's judgment on sentences . The researchers were not interested in what is considered to be correct grammar , but in what people do naturally . As well as the map , the team has also created a comprehensive guide that lists the different types of sentence structures used . One of the most interesting discoveries are presentative sentences like ` Here 's you a water bottle . ' ` That sentence just floored me , ' says postdoctoral associate Jim Wood , a Yale University lecturer in linguistics . ` It seemed very alien and different to me . ' The overall pattern was clear ; In the South people found that sentence to be completely normal , while in the North , it was almost unheard of . From ` here 's you a piece of pizza ' to ` this glass needs washed ' , every state has its own phrases that can seem odd to the rest of the world . ` It 's a reason did n't nobody help him ' , is a common sentence structure used in San Jose , claims the study authors at Yale University . While the map focuses on the US , it also has a small amount of data for the UK , with sentences such as ` yer lugs needs washed ' used in Scotland -LRB- left -RRB- and ` Ne mon nule don hum no good ' , in Aylesbury . And New York is n't the only region that uses ` so ' to add emphasis to a sentence . Londoners also appear to have picked up the habit -LRB- right -RRB- . ` It was pretty stunning , and it turns out you can do it with `` where '' as well . `` Where 's me a screwdriver ? '' or `` Where 's me a place to eat around here ? '' ' he added . Other notable examples include ` Do n't none of y ' all work as hard as I do ' in Virginia ; ` we all use night-crawlers anymore ' in Iowa ; and ` I ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em ' in Florida . Meanwhile , people in New Haven sometimes use ` so do n't I ' , such as in the sentence , ` he plays guitar , but so do n't I ' . Linguistics Professor Raffaella Zanuttini explained that there is also a social implication to this research . ` Often people are convinced that there is a right way of speaking a language and a wrong way of speaking that language . ` From the point of view of a linguist , that is really off the mark for many reasons , ' she says . ` We linguists can see through this , because we have a more scientific approach to language , ' says Zanuttini . ` We believe that creating an awareness of what we consider to be basic facts about language can have a positive social effect , by making people aware that they are expressing a negative evaluation of others . ' In New York , as well as California , the map shows there 's a tendency to use the word ` so ' for drama , such as ` I 'm so totally over this ' Linguistics Professor Raffaella Zanuttini explained that there is also a social implication to this research . ` We believe that creating an awareness of what we consider to be basic facts about language can have a positive social effect , by making people aware that they are expressing a negative evaluation of others , ' she said . On the left is an example of a phrase used in Arizona , and on the right , Ohio . An interesting find in Pennsylvania was use of ` this glass needs washed ' which echoes the Scottish use of ` yer lugs needs washed '