Set in the grey stones of the Victorian chapel , the red of the two doors makes a bold , slightly unexpected statement . But that distinctive splash of colour is the only clue to the identity of the man who turned this building into a family home . In the early 1970s , Sir Richard Branson brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his Virgin recording business . And from then until the present day , the Virgin logo -- which has gone on to adorn trains , planes and a multitude of other businesses -- has always been printed in the red of those humble chapel doors . Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell , Oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s . At the time he converted the property , Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel at South Leigh in Shipton-on-Cherwell , Oxfordshire . At The Manor , the first Virgin albums , such as Mike Oldfield 's Tubular Bells , were recorded and Branson would use The Old Chapel as a weekend retreat . Other artists using The Manor included Sandy Denny , The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band and John Cale . ` I saw Richard coming and going into The Old Chapel in the 1970s , ' says South Leigh resident Martin Collet , 57 . ` I often used to see him in the village pub , The Mason Arms , having a meal with family and friends and he was always very pleasant . ' He brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his Virgin recording business . The entrepreneur painted the doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red , pictured with Kate Moss . He adds that The Old Chapel was n't always a complete retreat from Branson 's rock 'n' roll world . ` He often had parties there and we heard the music , even though we were four doors away -- but it was n't a problem . I think he only used the house at the weekends , and he was well liked in the village . ' Other residents recall that Branson was a regular visitor to the village shop on Sundays , buying breakfast for his overnight visitors . Branson 's love affair with this part of Oxfordshire continued after he left The Old Chapel . He owned The Manor until the 1990s and , for two decades , also owned Mill End House in the village of Kidlington , which he sold to his children a few years ago when he moved his base to Necker Island in the Caribbean . ` Branson did a superb job on the chapel , ' says Rowan Andrews , the home 's current owner , who bought it in 2007 . ` We have n't had to do much , apart from putting in solid oak flooring and new central heating with Victorian-style radiators . ' The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £ 599,000 . At the time he converted the property , Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel . The four-bedroom home is divided into two levels and exposed beams run throughout the building . The village of South Leigh is in the parliamentary constituency of Witney , Prime Minister David Cameron 's seat -- and the poet Dylan Thomas lived in South Leigh Manor in the 1940s . But the village has another claim to fame , one that relates to The Old Chapel itself . In 1725 , John Wesley , one of the founders of the Methodist Church , gave his first sermon in the St James the Great church in the village . It 's fitting , then , that a century and a half later , 85 years after Wesley 's death , the village came to have a Wesleyan Methodist chapel of its own -- the very property that Branson would one day end up converting . Price : £ 599,000 . Location : South Leigh , Oxfordshire . Bedrooms : Four . Unique features : Converted by Sir Richard Branson ; former Wesleyan chapel in the village where John Wesley gave his first sermon . At the time of his first sermon , Wesley was studying at Oxford University . The Jacobean pulpit in St James the Great bears a plaque commemorating the sermon , which is reputed to have lasted two-and-a-half hours . ` We were looking for a property in South Leigh as we had friends in the area , ' says recently separated Rowan , 50 -- a management consultant with two children , Jacob , 15 , and Nancy , 13 . ` We fell in love with the house the moment we saw it . ' Rowan only found out Branson had been a previous owner on his second viewing . ` That undoubtedly increased our interest , especially when we realised what an excellent job he had done converting it into a home , without losing too many of its original features , ' said Rowan . ` And the house ticked all the boxes for us . It has lots of space and is conveniently located for the A40 , with good access to London . ' At the time he converted the property , Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel . ` Branson did a superb job on the chapel , ' says Rowan Andrews , the home 's current owner , pictured is the kitchen . The main sitting room is spacious , with a fireplace and woodburner , and the open-plan dining area opens out on to the back garden . The building is divided into two levels and exposed beams run throughout it . Features that Branson added include pine banisters and large round windows offering views across surrounding countryside . The property has an en suite and family bathroom , and the master bedroom overlooks the back garden . A studio room could be used as an office or fifth bedroom . The main sitting room is spacious , with a fireplace and woodburner , and the open-plan dining area opens out on to the back garden . A kitchen and third reception room complete the accommodation . ` We have the benefit of open space , yet it is still cosy and warm due to a large woodburner in one of the reception rooms , ' says Rowan . ` I 'll definitely miss the place . ' Rowan is moving to Witney so that his children can be closer to their schools and friends .