The belief that the most popular antidepressant drugs raise serotonin levels in the brain is nothing more than a myth , a leading professor of psychiatry has claimed . David Healy , head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor , North Wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact . He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs -- which include Prozac and Seroxat -- was based on the ` marketing of a myth ' . Scroll down for video . The idea that the most popular antidepressant drugs raise serotonin levels in the brain is nothing more than a myth , psychiatrist Professor David Healy argues . Pictured is Prozac , one commonly prescribed SSRI . The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting -LRB- SSRI -RRB- drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression . Even though they were weaker than old-style tricyclic antidepressants , they took off because of the idea that SSRIs restored serotonin levels to normal , ` a notion that later transmuted into the idea that they remedied a chemical imbalance ' . In an editorial in the BMJ , Professor Healy said that in the 1990s , no one knew if SSRIs raised or lowered serotonin levels but there was no evidence that treatment corrected anything . He said : ` For doctors it provided an easy short hand for communication with patients . ` For patients , the idea of correcting an abnormality has a moral force that can be expected to overcome the scruples some might have had about taking a tranquilliser , especially when packaged in the appealing form that distress is not a weakness . ' However , other psychiatrists have refuted the professor 's claims , saying the profession has moved on from a simplistic description of the pills correcting a chemical imbalance . They warned the controversy might harm depressed patients if they were deterred from taking the drugs , which had been proved to work in trials and the ` real world ' . Depression should be re-defined as an infectious disease rather than an emotional disorder , argues one scientist . The condition could result from a parasitic , bacterial or viral infection and future research into the condition should search for these micro-organisms , argues Dr. Turhan Canli , of Stony Brook University , U.S. . If his theory is true , he hopes a vaccination to protect against depression could be developed in future . Writing in the journal Biology of Mood and Anxiety Disorders , Dr Canli said : ` It is time for an entirely different approach . ` Instead of conceptualising major depression as an emotional disorder , I suggest to re-conceptualise it as some form of an infectious disease . ` I propose that future research should conduct a concerted search for parasites , bacteria , or viruses that may play a causal role in the etiology of major depression . ' Professor Sir Simon Wessely , President of the Royal College of Psychiatrists , said : ` That antidepressants are helpful in depression , together with psychological treatments , is established . How they do this is not . ` Most researchers have long since moved on from the old serotonin model . ` Most important of all , SSRIs are safer if taken in overdose than the older tricyclics . ` People should not change their current medication on the basis of this editorial alone . ' NHS Choices , the website which advises patients , says : ` It would be too simplistic to say that depression and related mental health conditions are caused by low serotonin levels , but a rise in serotonin levels can improve symptoms . ' Professor Healy 's editorial says it is important to raise questions about the drugs . He said : ` In other areas of life the products we use , from computers to microwaves , improve year on year , but this is not the case for medicines , where this year 's treatments may achieve blockbuster sales despite being less effective and less safe than yesterday 's models . ` The emerging sciences of the brain offer enormous scope to deploy any amount of neurobabble . ` We need to understand the language we use . Until then , so long , and thanks for all the serotonin ' , he concludes . Professor David Taylor , Director of Pharmacy and Pathology and Head of Pharmaceutical Sciences Clinical Academic Group , King 's Health Partners , South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust , said : ` Professor Healy makes a forceful but poorly supported argument against something which does n't and has never really existed : the idea that SSRIs ` correct ' an ` imbalance ' of serotonin in the brain . ` Researchers and psychiatrists alike know that SSRIs are effective in a number of disorders but no one is sure exactly how they work . Their readily demonstrable effect is on serotonin but they have many indirect secondary effects in the brain . Other psychiatrists warned the controversy might harm depressed patients if they were deterred from taking the drugs , which had been proved to work in trials and the ` real world ' ` Prof Healy fails to mention that SSRIs supplanted earlier tricyclics largely because of their relative safety in overdose , not because of any conspiracy concerning a theory of serotonin 's involvement in depression . ' Dr Paul Keedwell , Consultant Psychiatrist and Specialist in Mood Disorders , said : ` In the real world of the clinic , SSRIs are undeniably effective in treating individuals with major depression . ` They have become the first line treatment of choice because they have fewer troublesome side-effects than their predecessors , and are safer in overdose . ` David Healy has previously claimed that SSRIs cause dependence or provoke suicide . ` In so doing he has risked deterring individuals with severe depression from getting the help they need and this latest article just adds to this problem . ` The risk of suicide from untreated depression is much greater than the risk of treating it with antidepressants , and yes , this includes SSRIs . '