Louis van Gaal 's bold recruitment drive appears to be gathering momentum after it emerged that Ilkay Gundogan expects to complete a £ 15million move to Old Trafford at the end of the season . Despite already re-shaping Manchester United 's fortunes and guiding them to third in the Barclays Premier League , ahead of the derby with City , Van Gaal is pressing ahead with plans for more big name signings this summer . Sportsmail revealed last week that Germany centre Mats Hummels has indicated he 's finally ready to become a United player , and it now seems it will be as part of a £ 50m-plus Borussia Dortmund double after Gundogan also gave Van Gaal the go-ahead to bid for his services . Ilkay Gundogan -LRB- right -RRB- anchors Dortmund 's midfield and could be brought in to protect United 's defence . Mats Hummels -LRB- left -RRB- looks likely to join Manchester United this summer to strengthen their porous rearguard . Hummels and Gundogan are likely to be lining up in red for United next year if Van Gaal gets his way . United are believed to have responded to the signal from the Germany midfielder and are confident of agreeing a fee with Dortmund . Both players have been on United 's radar for some time , and both have privately let it be known they feel the time has arrived for a fresh start . Dortmund bosses are resigned to Gundogan following Hummels out of the door after the midfield anchorman flatly refused to renew a £ 100,000-a-week contract that runs out next year and evidently made little secret of his wish to join United . At the age of 26 , Hummels -LRB- right -RRB- has made 39 appearances for Germany and won the World Cup last year . Van Gaal is set to be handed a £ 150m transfer kitty to further strengthen United in his second year at the club . A powerful figure at the base of Dortmund 's midfield , Gundogan might normally have cost a sizeable chunk of Van Gaal 's £ 150m summer budget but could be prised away for as little as £ 15m , given the time left on his contract . Dortmund will ask for around £ 36m for Hummels .