Britain 's last Guantanamo Bay detainee Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed as early as June , according to US government sources . In a development which will hearten his family , officials in Washington said the 48-year-old is likely to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial . It came as the man appointed by President Barack Obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp said there was ` no sound reason ' for keeping the terror suspect locked up any longer . British Guantanamo Bay detainee Shaker Aamer -LRB- pictured -RRB- is expected to be freed in June , US government sources have revealed . He is pictured right and left with son Michael and daughter , Johninh . The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge for more than 13 years -LRB- file picture of the prison -RRB- . Campaigners welcomed moves to end the scandal of Saudi-born Mr Aamer continuing to languish in the naval base in Cuba but said his detention was an ` affront to civilised values ' . Mr Aamer , who lived in South London with his wife and children , is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release , by the Bush administration in 2007 , and by Barack Obama in 2009 . His imprisonment is embarrassing for David Cameron , who said Mr Obama had vowed to prioritise the detainee 's release after White House talks in January . But sources in the White House said the father-of-four was expected to be one of 11 captives transferred within weeks . Cliff Sloan , who was the State Department 's envoy dealing with prisoner transfers until last year , said : ` They should be moved just as promptly as possible . We are talking about people who have been at Guantanamo for 12 or 13 years ... they should not be having to spend a day longer than necessary in Guantanamo . ' He said there was no sound reason for delay . Officials said the transfer will take place after a 30-day notice period to Congress , following a sign-off from US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter . Kat Craig , legal director of Reprieve , which has represented Mr Aamer , said : ` He continues to be the victim of the most extraordinary injustice , as well as daily abuses that are an affront to civilised values . ` Any moves to return Shaker to his British wife and children can not come soon enough , and should be welcomed . ' The UK has made repeated calls since 2010 for the release of the 48-year-old , who has a British wife and four children in London . Karla McLaren , of Amnesty International UK , said : ` These reports are obviously encouraging but we 've been here before . ` There have been so many false dawns over the release of Shaker that we wo n't believe it until a plane bringing him back actually touches down here in Britain . ` Guantanamo has always been a complete travesty of justice and whoever is in government must ensure ... Shaker is returned to his family as soon as possible if he 's not going to be charged . ' Saudi-born Mr Aamer moved to London almost 20 years ago and married , securing leave to remain in Britain . In 2001 he was detained in Kabul while doing peaceful voluntary work for an Islamic charity , his supporters say . He was handed to the US military for money and tortured at a secret ` black site ' prison . US intelligence claimed he financed Al Qaeda and was a key aide of Osama Bin Laden , an accusation that he vehemently denied . Despite being cleared for release , US officials are determined that he should be sent to Saudi Arabia , even though there are serious concerns he will face torture there . Mr Aamer 's lawyers allege the intention is to silence their client , who claims to have witnessed abuse in the presence of a British security official . But the Foreign Office welcomed President Obama 's commitment to prioritise Mr Aamer 's case , saying : ` We will continue to work with the US to secure his release as a matter of urgency . ' The Daily Mail has long campaigned for the closure of the inhumane Guantanamo Bay prison camp . The paper has also championed the release of Mr Aamer . Pressure to explain why the London father had been incarcerated for 13 years without charge or trial ratcheted up in December amid global outrage at a US Senate report into the torture of terror suspects by the CIA . That month , we told how the detainee 's family had broken their silence to insist that if the 48-year-old came home he would have no hesitation in facing a British court to lay to rest grave allegations that he is a dangerous extremist . Then , a day before Christmas , we revealed how David Miliband , when he was Foreign Secretary , had secretly plotted to hand Mr Aamer to the hardline Saudi Arabian authorities while leading his British family to believe he was seeking to bring him back to the UK . Documents obtained by the Mail show the Labour government was involved in negotiations to transfer Mr Aamer from the camp to the Arab kingdom despite fears he would be tortured . In January , leading doctors warned that 13 years in Guantanamo -- described as an ` affront to humanity ' -- had destroyed Mr Aamer 's physical and mental health . The Mail also told how he had been beaten 315 times by guards . Mr Aamer was sent to Guantanamo Bay in February 2002 after being detained in Kabul , Afghanistan while , his representatives claim , he was carrying out peaceful voluntary work for an Islamic charity . 1996 -- US-educated Saudi translator Shaker Aamer settles in London , marries Briton Zin Siddique . Summer 2001 -- Mr Aamer takes family to Kabul and works for Saudi charity . September 11 , 2001 -- Al Qaeda terrorists attack America . November 2001 -- Taliban regime falls . December 24 , 2001 -- Mr Aamer handed to US troops by Northern Alliance ; taken to Bagram . February 14 , 2002 -- Mr Aamer flown to Guantanamo . 2004 -- 09 -- 17 other UK-based Guantanamo detainees freed -- but Mr Aamer kept at camp . US President Barack Obama -LRB- pictured -RRB- has repeatedly vowed to close the prison at the US naval base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . November 2008 -- Obama pledges to close Guantanamo . 2007 and 2009 -- Mr Aamer cleared by US tribunals as safe to release but he is not freed . February 2013 -- Foreign Secretary reveals US will only allow Mr Aamer 's transfer to Saudi Arabia , not UK . December 2014 - Celebrity backers including Roger Waters of Pink Floyd , TV presenter Janet Ellis and her singer daughter Sophie Ellis-Bextor , and the actress Juliet Stevenson call for Obama to secure Mr Aamer 's release . January 2015 - Barack Obama agrees to ` prioritise ' Mr Aamer 's case after talks with David Cameron at the White House . April 2015 - US government sources claim he is likely to be transferred to an undisclosed country over the summer .