Izzy Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire Chelsea 's youth team to glory in the UEFA Youth League either side of a call-up to Jose Mourinho 's first-team squad . The Blues ' under 19 captain played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea 's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma in Switzerland on Friday afternoon after learning that Mourinho wanted him on the bench for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday . So Brown flew back to London , watched from the Loftus Road dug-out as a late goal from Cesc Fabregas took Chelsea a step closer to the title , and then hopped back on a plane to Geneva . Izzy Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend after Chelsea won the UEFA Youth League on Monday . Brown was on the bench for Chelsea seniors for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday . But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions . And clearly untroubled by the ` commuting ' , the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk as Chelsea became the first English team to lift the Youth League trophy . After the triumph in Nyon , Brown told Sportsmail : ` I got a phone call at lunchtime -LRB- on Friday -RRB- and I was told I had to come back to England because the first team needed me on the bench . ` So I was a bit shocked because I wanted to play the final and I did n't know whether I 'd get back or not . It 's been a bit of a rush but I 'm glad I was here and also glad I was on the bench . ' Brown 's close-range finish gave Chelsea a seventh-minute lead against Shakhtar in the final . Although the Ukrainians were gifted an equaliser when defender Andreas Christensen put through his own net , Chelsea took command after the break . Dominic Solanke -LRB- left -RRB- and Brown got the goals as Chelsea saw off Shakhtar Donetsk to take the trophy . First , Dominic Solanke headed in a Jeremie Boga cross to restore their lead and then Brown made sure of victory with a well-taken left-foot finish a few minutes later . Brown then had the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in the footsteps of Barcelona last year . He added : ` It is an amazing achievement , we 've come so far since the first game against Schalke . ` There 's been lots of ups and downs through the tournament but we 've stuck together and now we 're European champions . We 've got so many creative players , so many people who can score goals . ' Brown had the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in Barcelona 's footsteps . Solanke ended the competition as leading scorer , with his 47th-minute header taking his tally to 12 , and was understandably delighted . He said : ` It 's a great tournament , i managed to do quite well . I finished as top goalscorer , which is an amazing achievement for me . ` Obviously playing against all these different teams in Europe , I 've got to adapt to how they play and I think I 'm scoring a lot of goals in that way and it 's really good to do that . ' Solanke ended the competition as leading scorer , with his 47th-minute header taking his tally to 12 . The England under 18 international was handed a taste of first-team action by Mourinho in October 's Champions League tie with Maribor and he is hopeful of further opportunities in the future . ` It 's a tough task at Chelsea to get into the first team but you 've just got to keep working and see what happens , ' he said .