The wife of paedophile and former Bega Cheese CEO Maurice Van Ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls , a court has heard . The father of one of Van Ryn 's victims has also been seen in her backyard , lawyer Francois Salama told the NSW Supreme Court on Thursday morning . ` She 's concerned for her safety , ' he told Van Ryn 's sentencing hearing . Van Ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls , aged eight to 16 , over the previous decade and is due to be sentenced at a later date . Scroll down for video . Louise Van Ryn -LRB- left -RRB- fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed . Her husband Maurice -LRB- right -RRB- has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences . The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . Maurice Van Ryn is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife -LRB- left -RRB- and pay off legals debts . The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . His wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order . Under the order Maurice Van Ryn is not allowed to dispose of a property , superannuation distributions and shares or securities in four companies . It allows him to spend up to $ 500 a week on living expenses and $ 25,000 on legal bills . Maurice Van Ryn is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts . It was varied to permit the sale of the property , on condition that half the net proceeds be paid to the court after debts secured against the house were settled . Under the new order Van Ryn also has to pay his wife Louise , who applied for the variation , up to $ 5,165 per month , until the property is sold . He also has to give her up to $ 150,000 so she can repay his debts . Included in that is $ 25,000 ` for her ordinary living expenses ' , the orders state . Van Ryn , who has previously described the abuse he inflicted as ` a few minutes of stupidity ' , is undergoing a chemical castration treatment while in custody . He will remain behind bars and will be sentenced on June 17 . A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn -LRB- pictured -RRB- has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . In court on Monday a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . For years she kept what Van Ryn did to her a secret , but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . One of his victims told Sydney 's District Court that she is scared for her future relationships , and did n't understand why she had been targeted . ` I am scared for my future relationships , ' the young woman said , according to News Corp. . ` He has stolen my right to share my body with someone for the first time . ' Van Ryn sat calmly in the dock and did not look at the young woman as she told Sydney 's District Court on Monday about the impact his abuse has had on her . The young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong . ` I did n't understand why he would do something like this . Does this happen to every kid ? Do friends do this to other friends ? ' she said . ` I did n't know it was against the law . ' Van Ryn -LRB- left -RRB- sat calmly in the dock and did not look at the young woman as she told Sydney 's District Court on Monday about the impact his abuse has had on her . The young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was wrong . She said she had n't spoken up about the abuse until the day she heard he had been caught , and since then had attempted to take her own life . ` I knew I had to say something . ' Since then , however , she says she has been scared people will find out . ` I did n't want people to know what happened to me . I do n't want people asking questions . She says she wonders when Van Ryn , who is now in custody will be out in the community again , and she worries what he did to her will forever affect how she relates to men . She said she has suffered depression since she was 14 and had been hospitalised for self harm and attempted suicide . The hearing continues . Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .