Spring is in the air which means the football season has reached the business end of the campaign across the country . So whether your side is competing to win the Barclays Premier League or scrapping to stay in the Vanarama Conference , Sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed . BARCLAYS PREMIER LEAGUE . Champions : Chelsea . Champions League qualification : Chelsea . Europa League qualification : TBD . Relegated : TBD . Chelsea captain John Terry -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with Cesar Azpilicueta after the Blues defeated Crystal Palace 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to clinch the Barclays Premier League title . Manchester City , the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the Champions League , with only Liverpool , Tottenham and Southampton still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four . The outside trio are set to secure the Europa League places but only if Arsenal win the FA Cup . Should Villa claim victory at Wembley then only two Europa League places will be available to fifth and sixth place . Burnley and QPR are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation which still involves the entire bottom half of the table . SKY BET CHAMPIONSHIP . Champions : Bournemouth . Automatic promotion : Bournemouth , Watford . Play-off qualification : Norwich City , Middlesbrough , Brentford , Ipswich Town . Relegated : Millwall , Wigan Athletic , Blackpool . Bournemouth players celebrate winning the Championship on the final day of the season at Charltom . SKY BET LEAGUE ONE . Champions : Bristol City . Automatic promotion : Bristol City , MK Dons . Play-off qualification : Preston North End , Swindon Town , Sheffield United and Chesterfield . Relegated : Notts County , Crawley Town , Leyton Orient and Yeovil Town . Bristol City celebrate being crowned League One champions after goalless draw against Coventry . SKY BET LEAGUE TWO . Champions : Burton Albion . Automatic promotion : Burton Albion , Shrewsbury Town , Bury . Play-off qualification : Wycombe Wanderers , Southend United , Stevenage Borough , Plymouth Argyle . Relegated : Cheltenham Town and Tranmere Rovers . Shrewsbury players celebrate promotion at Cheltenham on a day which also saw the home side relegated . VANARAMA CONFERENCE . Champions : Barnet . Play-off qualification : Bristol Rovers , Grimsby Town , Eastleigh and Forest Green Rovers . Relegated : Alfreton , Telford United , Dartford , Nuneaton . Mauro Vilhete of Barnet -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with Curtis Weston after scoring against Gateshead in a 2-0 win which saw the Bees crowned Conference champions and secure a return to League football .