Evicted : Hayley Sandiford has been told that postman terroriser Winston must leave her home this month or she will lose her house . A dog has been evicted from social housing for terrorising postmen - meaning neighbours can have their mail delivered for the first time since February 2014 . Mother-of-two Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house in Blackburn , Lancashire . The pet has attacked several terrified postmen but Miss Sandiford says Royal Mail are victimising Winston and claims her family are being ` taunted all the time ' by people in the area . Angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying ` keep your devil dog away ' , she says . One postman on his rounds reported Winston bounded 100 yards up the street towards him before clamping his powerful teeth around his mailbag . The victim had to cower behind a tree and throw his one remaining letter to distract the animal before diving behind a gate and alerting a colleague to take cover . A second postmen reported being being bitten on the arm and had to kick Winston in the head twice to fend him off . Winston 's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood . Residents living on two surrounding roads have been making make a four-and-a-half mile round trips , sometimes by taxi , to collect their mail . Twin Valley Homes housing association has now taken Miss Sandiford , 30 , to court and she must find a new home for the dog by 4 pm on April 30 or her tenancy is at risk . Obsessed : Miss Sandiford admits her American bulldog has ` a thing ' for chewing up mail - but unfortunately this has led to him also attacking postal staff . Legal battle : A housing association has decided to end a ban on postal deliveries to the area of Blackburn by demanding that Winston is evicted . The ruling at Preston County Court means the post to the area is due to resume on May 1 . Today Miss Sandiford , who has asked a friend to take in Winston , said : ` I feel sick and gutted to be losing Winston . Winston had been brilliant and I have done everything they asked me to do but they 're still making a big deal out of it . Court case : Miss Sandiford outside court last year after Winston was threatened with destruction for attacking a postie . ` I have had things stuck on my door saying keep my ` devil dog ' away . I do n't even like going out anymore I 'm not the same kind of person . My kids have been affected at school through it because people would say stuff and my son gets into trouble because of that . We are being taunted all the time . ` Winston is one of the nicest dogs . He is not a danger - I would n't have him near my kids . ` Unfortunately he does have a thing about postmen but it is the mail they carry and not the postmen themselves . I do n't get much post only bills and a lot of junk mail and he loves ripping them up . He does n't touch the kids toys he 'd rather play with the leaflets that come through the door . ` Winston did jump up at the postman - but he is a very bouncy playful little thing and he forgets how big he is - although I accept it must have been scary for the postman . ' Winston 's first trouble came in February last year after it bit an unnamed postman on the arm whilst being taken for a walk by his owner 's nine-year-old son . The postman suffered a bite wound which broke his skin and he underwent medical treatment in hospital . Although postal deliveries were suspended no action was initially taken against the animal but at 10 am on July 9 the ` thick set and stocky built ' dog bounded up to postman Paul Warnock whilst he was on his rounds . Mr Warnock who had only delivered to only a handful of houses later told a court hearing : ` Straight away I was worried because it was quite a big dog . As soon as it spotted me it came running towards me fast , at speed . ` Then it was showing it 's teeth and growling at me . It was coming at me aggressively , I was frightened . I was backing off then all of a sudden it went for me it grabbed the bundle of mail . It was in the middle of the street because I was backing off so much . ' Mr Warnock ran behind a tree for cover and added : ` When I got behind the tree I saw a gate , I thought if I can get inside the gate it 's safe . I was left with one letter . It was still going for me . I had one piece on mail , I threw it to take it 's eye off me and ran behind the gate . It would have attacked me in the street . ' Keen : Winston once ran 100 yards to get to a post bag and the postman only managed to dive into a garden because he tossed a letter into the middle of the road . ` When I got behind the gate the dog was roaming the street . I saw my colleague further up the street coming down , he heard the commotion . I shouted `` Get back get back , dog loose on the street ! '' . ' His colleague took cover behind a gate and watched Miss Sandiford get hold of the dog . Last October Miss Sandiford pleaded guilty to being the owner of a dog dangerously out of control and was handed a six month community order with a six month supervision requirement . She was also told that whenever is taken out for walks , he must be muzzled and kept on a harness with two dog leads and has to be accompanied by a person over the age of 16 . Miss Sandiford was also ordered to keep her home securely fenced , but now it appears she must part with Winston to keep her home . David King , one of Miss Sadiford 's neighbours said : ` It 's brilliant news if they are going to start up the deliveries again . We 've waited a long time to get the mail back . My wife is disabled and having to go down to the depot every time we get a letter is hugely frustrating . It 's also frustrating that it has taken so long for this to be sorted . Trevor Smith said : ` The Royal Mail could have handled this a lot better and sorted it sooner . I ca n't understand why they stopped delivering to so many houses anyway . I 'm not happy about it . I 'll believe the deliveries are restarting when I see it . ' Ian Bell , head of Twin Valley Homes , said : ` We 're delighted to get this result . The people in the area have suffered due to a lack of a postal service and being in fear of this dog for too long , but now they can see an end in sight . The Royal Mail confirmed a health and safety assessment had been carried out on Miss Sandiford 's neighbourhood which highlighted an ` unacceptable level of risk associated with deliveries . ' A spokesman said ` Suspending deliveries is a last resort but we take the health and safety of our employees very seriously . We apologise to all affected customers and we are pleased with this outcome . '