The former SS officer known as the Bookkeeper of Auschwitz has said he believed Jews were the ` enemy ' . Oskar Groening added that it was ` unimaginable ' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive . ` I could n't imagine that ' happening , former SS Sgt. Oskar Groening told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday during the third day of his trial . He is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . Scroll down for videos . SS Sgt. Oskar Groening told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday during the third day of his trial that he did not expect Jews at Auschwitz to make it out alive . The 93-year-old 's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing Auschwitz survivors who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs on the third day of his trial . Groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials . A former SS sergeant -LRB- pictured -RRB- described in chilling detail Wednesday how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . He 's seen here shuffling out of court on day one of the trial . Eva Kor -LRB- pictured -RRB- told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the Nazi death camp . Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is ` morally guilty ' but not directly responsible for any deaths . SS Sergeant Oskar Groening - known as ` the bookkeeper of Auschwitz ' - is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp . Inhuman suffering : A photograph of the liberation of Auschwitz by Soviet troops in 1945 . Eva and Miriam Kor are shown holding hands in the very front . Recovery : Miriam and Eva Kor as shown in a 1949 photo . Eva Kor and her twin sister Miriam were among the 1,500 twins -LRB- amounting to 3,000 children -RRB- Dr. Josef Mengele experimented on in Auschwitz . The 93-year-old 's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing Auschwitz survivors who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs , the dpa news agency reported . On Wednesday Groening described how so many Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains . He told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . Groenings charge is related to a period between May and July 1944 when around 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to the Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in Nazi-occupied Poland and most immediately gassed to death . During that period , so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was ` processed , ' Groening testified at the Lueneburg state court . Though he was more regularly assigned to the camp 's Auschwitz I section , he said he guarded the Birkenau ramp three times , including one busy 24-hour shift . The main gas chambers were located at Birkenau . ` The capacity of the gas chambers and the capacity of the crematoria were quite limited . Someone said that 5,000 people were processed in 24 hours but I did n't verify this . I did n't know , ' he said . ` For the sake of order we waited until train 1 was entirely processed and finished . ' Auschwitz survivors describe their arrival as chaotic , with Nazi guards yelling orders , dogs barking and families being ripped apart . But Groening maintained the opposite , saying ` it was very orderly and not as strenuous ' on the ramp at Birkenau . ` The process was the same as Auschwitz I . The only difference was that there were no trucks , ' he said during the second day of his trial . ` They all walked - some in one direction some , in another direction ... to where the crematoria and gas chambers were . ' Survivor Kor asked Groening whether he knew details about files kept at the camp in hopes of learning more about what diseases she and her sister , who both survived , were injected with . Survivors from Auschwitz -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who are plaintiffs in the case , travelled from the United States , Canada , Hungary and elsewhere to attend Groening 's trial . Between May 16 and July 11 , 1944 , Groening was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival . Pictured , Auschwitz survivors . No pleas are entered in the German system and Groening said as his trial opened Tuesday that he considers himself ` morally guilty , ' but it was up to the court to decide if he was legally guilty . He faces between three and 15 years in prison if convicted in the trial , which is scheduled through July . Eva Kor , 81 , was one of the Jews who arrived at Auschwitz in 1944 . Though she does n't remember Groening personally , she said she ca n't forget the scene . ` Everything was going very fast . Yelling , crying , pushing ; even dogs were barking . I had never experienced anything that fast or that crazy in my entire life , ' she told The Associated Press before addressing the court . Her two older sisters and parents were taken directly to the gas chambers , while she and her twin sister , both 10 at the time , were ripped away from their mother to be used as human guinea pigs for notorious Dr. Josef Mengele 's experiments . ` All I remember is her arms stretched out in despair as she was pulled away , ' Kor remembered . ` I never even got to say goodbye . ' Kor , who now lives in Indiana , is one of more than 60 Auschwitz survivors and their families from the U.S. , Canada , Israel and elsewhere who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs as allowed under German law . Auschwitz survivor and plaintiff Eva Pusztai-Fahidi -LRB- right -RRB- and her granddaughter Luca Hartai wait for the opening of the trial against Oskar Groening on Tuesday . Groening sits opposite Auschwitz survivors Hedy Bohm -LRB- left -RRB- and Eva Pusztai-Fahidi -LRB- right -RRB- at the court room in Lueneburg . General view of the cout before the start of the trial against Groening . Thomas Walther , who represents many co-plaintiffs , said he and his clients were happy Groening agreed to testify , but suspected he was withholding many details . ` There is an ocean of truth , but with many islands of lies , ' he said . Kor , the first co-plaintiff to address the court , described her experience Wednesday and asked Groening whether he knew Mengele or details about files he kept in hopes of learning more about what diseases she and her sister , who both survived the camp , were injected with . Groening showed no reaction to Kor 's statement and his attorney , Hans Holtermann , said his client would try to answer what questions he could , but he did n't believe that Groening knew Mengele . Groening guarded prisoners ' baggage on the ramps , but his main task was to collect and tally money stolen from the new arrivals and then send it to Berlin - a job for which the German press has dubbed him the ` Accountant of Auschwitz . ' While he previously testified he was ` horrified ' by individual atrocities he witnessed , he suggested Wednesday his daily thoughts were more pedestrian , like when the guards heard a train loaded with Hungarian Jews would be arriving . ` If this is Hungary , they have bacon on board , ' he remembered thinking . Though he was investigated twice before and no charges were brought , Groening was indicted under a new line of German legal reasoning that anyone who helped a death camp function can be accused of being an accessory to murder without evidence of participation in a specific crime . Groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials . Outside court , Kor said she wished Groening would use the trial to try and dissuade ` misguided young people ' today from becoming neo-Nazis but she was still satisfied with his testimony . ` I 'm going to take whatever confession he gives - it 's better than no confession , ' she told reporters . ` Maybe this is the best thing he has ever done in his life . Is n't that sad ? '