Japanese airline All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films and in particular one of its much loved characters . The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2 , the small round robot that appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO . The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels in the shape of those on the little droid who does everything from carrying secret plans for the Death Star to co-piloting Luke Skywalker 's X-Wing . Scroll down for video . All Nippon Airways released artists ' impressions of their Boeing 787-9 aircraft painted to look like Star Wars robot R2-D2 . The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . The words ` Star Wars ' , in the movie 's distinctive font , adorn the body of the plane behind the wing , while the tail is in ANA 's normal - also blue - livery . News of the aircraft , which ANA says will ply an international route in the autumn , comes as fans got their first look at a new teaser trailer for ` Star Wars : The Force Awakens ' , the seventh installment of one of the most successful movie series of all time . The action-packed clip showcases aerial dogfights featuring the X-Wings of the Rebel Alliance and the Tie Fighters of the Galactic Empire . It also offers a glimpse of mercenary pilot Han Solo and his hairy companion Chewbacca , much-loved characters of the original movie , along with their Millennium Falcon ship . The words ` Star Wars ' , in the movie 's distinctive font , adorns the body of the plane . R2-D2 appears in every Star Wars episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO . The trailer ends with Han Solo - played by an ageing Harrison Ford - saying : ` Chewie , we 're home ' . The film is due for release in December . Star Wars fans have hailed the trailer for the latest instalment in the franchise , with plenty of drama to keep moviegoers on the edge of their seats as they await the full release . As people packed into the main hall at the Anaheim Convention Centre in California for a Star Wars Celebration which featured director JJ Abrams and some of the cast members , Brits enjoyed a livestream of the event in London . Japanese airline All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films . R2-D2 , pictured here with Anakin Skywalker -LRB- actor Jake Lloyd -RRB- from one of the earlier Star Wars films . Die-hard fans were treated to a clip featuring X-Wing battles , the Millennium Falcon in action , the wreckage of a star destroyer and a first look at Harrison Ford as Han Solo . Cast newcomers Oscar Isaac , Daisy Ridley and John Boyega made a surprise appearance at the event alongside regulars Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , C-3PO actor Anthony Daniels and Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew . Solo 's declaration : ` Chewie , we 're home , ' at the end of the trailer drew screams and applause from the US audience , which included James Allen from Suffolk . ` The footage showed us everything we need to know about the film 's vision , but nothing about what the film is actually about , ' said the 22-year-old . ` It was a very well-made trailer and worth the 24-hour wait . ' Star Wars fans attending the celebration ahead of the trailer release in California , U.S. . A man dressed as a Stormtrooper walks past people in Paris , France , as they queue to attend the streaming of Star Wars Celebration from the Anaheim Convention Centre in California .