The importance of Saturday 's match against Arsenal for Liverpool 's Champion 's League ambitions can not be overstated . The reverse fixture , a 2-2 draw in December , prompted Liverpool 's renaissance into the Premier League 's form team . Thereafter , they went 13 top-flight games without defeat and put themselves in contention to qualify for Europe 's top competition before losing to Manchester United in a drama-filled match two weeks ago . Juan Mata 's acrobatic volley two weeks ago left Liverpool five points adrift of Manchester United in fourth . Brendan Rodgers ' side need to beat Arsenal on Saturday to keep up their chances of a top-four finish . Liverpool have been in good form since they last played Arsenal , but are not in the Champions League spots . A defeat could leave Liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play , a massive mountain to climb . The statistics suggest victory at the Emirates is an unlikely scenario . In six games against the Premier League 's other top-five sides , Liverpool have won just one and picked up four points compared with Manchester United who have won three of five games against their toughest competition . In Arsenal they face a side who have cemented their Champions League spot with four top-flight wins in as many games in March . For their efforts , Arsene Wenger was given the Manager of the Month award for a 14th time and striker Olivier Giroud the Player of the Month trophy . Liverpool are likely to face a side riding on a wave of confidence and optimism so it will be a tough ask to get a result . With more money on offer than ever before , Liverpool know they need to be at Europe 's top table . Raheem Sterling and Phlippe Coutinho train ahead of the vital trip to Arsenal on Saturday . It is not just the pride of fans at stake in this game but also the financial security of the club . A Sportsmail study this week revealed the race for Champion 's League has gained even more importance after UEFA announced significant increases in prize money for their top competition from next season . Cash for appearing in the group stages onwards is increasing by up to 50 per cent , and for English clubs there will also be steep hikes in ` market pool ' money from UEFA 's TV incomes . If an English club were to win next season 's Champions League , they would earn around £ 75m at today 's exchange rates from central UEFA funds alone . Ticket income plus any commercial bonuses would be on top . Under current prize money arrangements , clubs reaching the group stage receive £ 6.4 m each plus £ 750,000 per group win and £ 370,000 per draw . The basic fee will rise 40 per cent to £ 8.9 m and each win will jump 50 per cent to £ 1.1 m. Prize money for reaching the last 16 , quarter-finals and semi-finals will leap up 57 per cent , respectively to £ 4m , £ 4.44 m and £ 5.2 m . The prize for being tournament runner-up will jump from £ 4.8 m to £ 7.8 m while the winner 's prize will jump from £ 7.8 m to £ 11.11 m. For a team like Liverpool , who enjoy a big worldwide profile , particularly in Asia , money like that could solidify their position among the European elite for the next decade . Securing European football will also be vital to ensure they attract world-class players and keep the ones they already have at the club . Even with Champions League qualification Liverpool were unable to hold on to Luis Suarez last summer . Sterling 's contract situation demonstrates how important it is for Rodgers ' side to qualify . The contract wrangling with Raheem Sterling in recent weeks will undoubtedly have been a distraction to the player himself and the focus of manager Brendan Rodgers but they will have to put that to one side if they are to overcome Arsenal . On the Sterling subject , it would be much easier to resolve his future and persuade him to remain in Merseyside come the end of the season if Liverpool have the certainty of Champions League football to offer as an enticement . Players want to compete on the biggest stage they can . Regardless of how much money each week is being offered , the chance to play against the best teams in Europe is priceless .