A prankster who pretended he had put his girlfriend 's dog in a washing machine got a very painful comeuppance after she glued him to a chair - naked . Dominika Petrinova , from the Czech Republic , was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik 's prank , which went viral after he posted it online . The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash before Mr Meldik revealed the ` joke ' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound . Ouch ! Erik Meldik screamed in pain as he tried to pull himself free after being glued to a chair by his girlfriend . Dominika Petrinova decided to get her painful revenge by gluing wax strips to the plastic chair after her boyfriend 's previous prank where he told her that their pet dog called Sam was in the washing machine . So Ms Petrinova had decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own . This hilarious video shows her setting up the gag by super gluing the waxing strips to a plastic office chair . She then cruelly promised her boyfriend , who had celebrated his birthday the day before , a special treat . Ms Petrinova then led him - naked and blindfolded - into the room and onto the booby-trapped chair . After cruelly telling him she has a birthday surprise in store , Ms Petrinova blindfolds her naked boyfriend before getting him to sit down on the booby-trapped seat . Trapped : The realization sinks in that Erik Meldik is stuck that he glued to the chair by the waxing tape on his genitals . It takes a few moments for him to realise what happened while Ms Petrinova was heard laughing in the background . Panic then flashed across his face as he clicked he was stuck to the chair by his genitals and he asked his giggling girlfriend : ` Are you kidding me ? You are pranking me now ? Mr Meldik , 31 , cried and screamed as he tried to free himself , before he eventually ripped himself off the chair , leaving a fair portion of skin and hair behind in the process . Ms Petrinova films her partner Mr Meldik as he tries and fails in his attempts to free himself from the office chair . Mr Meldik sheds a tear when he realises that he is well and truly stuck and will have to rip himself free . The victim of the prank and his friend Cenek Styblo , 29 , are known in their Czech homeland as ` the Viral Brothers ' and are famous for carrying out stunts often on each other or their respective girlfriends . But Ms Petrinova said she had decided the dog in the washing machine stunt was too much , and wanted to teach her boyfriend a painful lesson that he would not forget in a hurry . She said : ` I was really upset when I thought Sam was in the washing machine , and he was running after me saying he was sorry but he clearly was n't because he was filming it and put it all online . ` Well , now I am pretty sure he is genuinely sorry . ' He screams as he uses a set of drawers to try and yank himself off the strips which are stuck to his genitals . He finally pulls himself free leaving behind a fair portion of skin behind on the waxing strips in the process . In recovery : Mr Meldik cries as he lies on the bed after the painful prank which was carried out in revenge for an earlier stunt where he pretended to accidentally have put his girlfriend 's dog in the washing machine . The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash before Mr Meldik revealed the ` joke ' - prompting her to seek revenge .