A woman was arrested in China after apparently dumping her newborn baby in a rubbish bin in a fast-food restaurant . Staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies ' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu , Sichuan province , reports People 's Daily Online . Workers who found the baby , who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta , called the police and ambulance . A baby girl was found in the bin inside the ladies ' toilet at a Chinese burger bar . A woman who had been seen visiting the toilet was established to be the mother and was arrested . Staff at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet and noticed that she 'd stayed there for a long time . After she came out , she went back to her seat , sitting there without speaking a word . ` After we discovered the baby girl , we checked the CCTV footage , we found this woman likely to be the mother of the baby , so we called the ambulance as well as the police , ' one worker said . The woman , Yuan Yen , 34 , was found to have blood on her when she was approached . She refused to look at her baby or talk to police , who discovered her identity by looking through her purse . Workers at the restaurant said Yuan Yen had returned to her table and sat ` in a trance ' She was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect . Police insisted she have emergency treatment and took her to the same hospital as her daughter , where she refused to see doctors . A worker at the fast food outlet said : ` The mother was in shock herself and was just sitting there in a trance . ` There was blood all over her shirt and she had her head bowed in shame . I think she was just traumatised . ' Cops tried to locate her relatives but were unable to contact anybody as her phone had no credit and she had no local addresses on her . She was later transferred to the police station where she is facing charges of neglect . The infant , weighing 2.6 kg -LRB- 5.7 lb -RRB- , was declared to be healthy after being checked over by doctors .