The Duchess of Cambridge has revealed that Prince George went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ` in China ' . Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to William in 2011 . At the party in March , where Kate , 33 , wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes , the Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon . Scroll down for video . The Duchess of Cambridge has revealed that Prince George went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ` in China ' Gordon , who owns Naples Luxury Travel Advisors in Naples , told news-press.com : ` I asked her if Prince George was excited about the new Prince or Princess that was coming and she said yes and that he is a toddler and is talking and walking . ` Then she told me that his daddy was visiting China . After hearing this he went to the china cabinet , opened it and proclaimed `` daddy is not here . '' ` She said they would work on his geography . ' Kate made the adorable revelation during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to William in 2011 . The Duchess of Cambridge 's lunchtime event at the hotel was not part of her official schedule and , according to Kensington Palace , the 33-year-old was attending in a private capacity , having received a personal invitation from the hotel . Prince William had left pregnant Kate and son George in London while he undertook a week-long tour of the Far East . His visit to China was one of the most high-profile -- and diplomatically sensitive -- tours of his fledgling royal career . With China on course to overtake the United States as the world 's largest economy , the UK government is keen to foster positive diplomatic relationships - and William 's visit was seen as a key part of those efforts . Stepping foot for the first time on Chinese soil , the second in line to the throne became the most senior member of the Royal family to visit the country since the Queen nearly 30 years ago . The Duke , pictured with Chinese deputy president Li Yuanchao , was asked to pass on an invitation to visit to the Queen . His visit to China was one of the most high-profile -- and diplomatically sensitive -- tours of his fledgling royal career . Meanwhile in London the Duchess of Cambridge 's lunchtime event at the hotel was not part of her official schedule and , according to Kensington Palace , the 33-year-old was attending in a private capacity , having received a personal invitation from the hotel . Kate obviously has fond memories of the property situated opposite Buckingham Palace after spending her last night as a single woman and non-Royal there with her parents and siblings Pippa , 31 and James , 27 . She also visited the hotel last December for a meeting of the board of the 1851 Trust , the sailing charity of which she is patron . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George during a visit to the Sensational Butterflies exhibition .