A senior high school teacher from Anshun city has been dubbed the ` luckiest wife in China ' after her soldier husband cooked her enough food to last for a year before he returned to service . The woman , named only as Ms Zhao , lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks . Husband Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes as well as about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife , according to thePeople 's Daily Online . Treasure chest : Ms Zhao has enough food to last for a year prepared by her husband . Feast : The husband , Yin Yunfeng , spent a week cooking all sorts of stir-fried dishes . All-you-can-eat : He also made about 1,000 dumplings before returning to his regiment in Tibet . The devoted husband is worried that his wife would be eating instant noodles all the time so he cooked different types of dishes and put them into small foam containers to be frozen . Ms Shao said she is extremely busy with work and only has fresh meals when her husband is home . But now all she needs to do is to reheat the food in the microwave . Mr Yin is stationed in a regiment in Tibet and only gets to go home - which is some 2,700 kilometres away in southern China - once a year . ` Although I mentally prepared myself for this life when I married him , I had no idea it would be so tough , ' sais Ms Zhao . ` At the end of every holiday I would be devastated and would cry all day but I will continue to support him in his career and look after this family . ' She added : ` The food he prepared is enough for me for one year and every time I think of this my heart is warm . ' In addition to meals , Mr Yin has also bought a large amount of snacks and hid them in different corners of the house as daily surprises to his wife . Well-arranged : The husband also separated all dishes into small foam containers to be frozen . Secret : Mr Yin has also bought a large amount of snacks and hid them in different corners of the house . Note of love : Yin left his wife a note saying he hoped he would be home when she finishes the food and snacks . Every day , he texts her the clues to find these snacks . ` Today you have been studying very hard and I have a reward for you . Behind the sofa on the right there is a gap and I have left you a packet of raisins , ' reads one of the messages . The snacks include chips , pumpkin seeds , chewing gum , biscuits , beef jerky and instant noodles . Yin said he hoped he would be home by the time his wife finishes the food and snacks .