Tesla founder Elon Musk has unveiled a ` revolutionary ' $ 3,000 -LRB- £ 1,980 -RRB- battery which he claims can run an entire home for eight hours . Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could ` change the world ' . The device , which could be in homes by the end of summer , will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper . Scroll down for video . Tesla has unveiled a $ 3,000 -LRB- £ 1,980 -RRB- home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours . Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220 lbs , and can be installed on an outside or inside wall . The left images shows the 10kWh version while on the right is the 7kWh device . The technology powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . Users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during the day . Powerwall can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency , or be used to hold power from renewable energy sources . The ` daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a home 's daily usage . The average U.S. home uses 10,908 kilowatt-hours of energy per year , or just short of 30 per day . Home battery packs could disrupt the utility market . In 2013 , the Edison Electric Institute , the trade group for investor-owned electric companies , issued a report warning about disruption . ` One can imagine a day when battery storage technology or micro turbines could allow customers to be electric grid independent , ' the report said . It would then discharge this cheap electricity during the day in quantities large enough to be useful to homes and businesses . The Powerwall is around three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220 lbs , and can be installed either on an outside or inside wall of a home . The ` daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a home 's daily usage . Department of Energy figures state that the average U.S. home uses 10,908 kilowatt-hours of energy per year , or just short of 30 per day . According to that figure , a single , fully-charged Powerwall device would be able to meet a quarter of a home 's energy needs on any given day . However , it would likely last far less time than eight hours during the mornings and evenings , when homes use the vast majority of their electricity . Musk said that the devices can be stacked together to provide more energy . The system would let homeowners with solar panels or other sources of renewable energy easily store their energy at home , rather than the current model whereby they sell power back to energy suppliers as it is produced , then buy it again during peak times . It could also let savvy consumers take advantage of power companies ' lower rates during the night and use the cheaper , stored energy during peak periods . According to tech site Mashable , Musk told attendees at the event : ` Our goal is to fundamentally change the way the world uses energy . Pictured is a utility-scale version of Powerwall that can be used by businesses and scaled up for more power . The ` daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours , which is around a quarter of a home 's daily usage . Tesla also unveiled the ` Powerpack ' , which is the big brother of the Powerwall . It describes it as an ` infinitely scalable system ' that can work for businesses , in industrial applications , and public utility companies . It comes in 100 kWh battery blocks that can scale from 500 kWH all the way up to 10 MWh . ` Our goal here is to change the way the world uses energy at an extreme scale , ' it said . ` It sounds crazy , but we want to change the entire energy infrastructure of the world to zero carbon . ' As well as the daily-use model , Tesla will also launch a 10 kilowatt-hour backup battery , designed to tide homes over during power blackouts , such as those caused by storms . Marketing material for the device , published late Thursday on Tesla 's website , says : ` Powerwall is a home battery that charges using electricity generated from solar panels , or when utility rates are low , and powers your home in the evening . ` It also fortifies your home against power outages by providing a backup electricity supply . ` Automated , compact and simple to install , Powerwall offers independence from the utility grid and the security of an emergency backup . ' Musk said that he hopes to sell hundreds of millions of the devices , which he touted as a vast improvement over currently-available models . In the past he has said such early batteries ` suck ' . He later added that the entire showcase had been powered by a huge array of Powerwall batteries . Pictured is the ` powerpack ' . Elon Musk -LRB- right -RRB- describes it as an ` infinitely scalable system ' that comes in 100 kWh battery blocks that can scale from 500 kWH up to 10 MWh and higher . The technology could let savvy consumers take advantage of power companies ' lower rates during the night and use the cheaper , stored energy during peak periods . Mr Musk is already the chairman of SolarCity - a company that offers solar power systems for homes - and Tesla 's home battery is an extension of this . Musk said that he hopes to sell hundreds of millions of the devices , which he touted as a vast improvement over currently-available models . In the past he has said such early batteries ` suck ' Tesla also unveiled the ` Powerpack ' , which is the larger scale version of the Powerwall . It describes it as an ` infinitely scalable system ' that can work for businesses , in industrial applications and public utility companies . It comes in 100 kWh battery blocks that can scale from 500 kWH all the way up to 10 MWh . ` Our goal here is to change the way the world uses energy at an extreme scale , ' it said . The latest announcement builds on previous Tesla products , principally its range of cars . Last year , Tesla Motors unveiled plans for a ` Gigafactory ' designed to help the firm ramp up production of batteries for its electric cars , and now homes . Tesla said the factory will cut current battery production costs by up to 30 per cent , and will be powered predominantly by renewable energy sources , such as wind and solar . Elsewhere , Mr Musk is already the chairman of SolarCity - a company that offers solar power systems for homes - and Tesla 's home battery could be an extension of this . These batteries 3ft tall -LRB- 0.9 metres -RRB- , and can be controlled remotely using a smartphone app . Tesla would not comment on whether the new batteries will work in the same way . Home battery packs could disrupt the utility market . In 2013 , the Edison Electric Institute , the trade group for investor-owned electric companies , issued a report warning about disruption . Powerwall charges using electricity generated from solar panels , or when utility rates are low , and powers your home in the evening . ` One can imagine a day when battery storage technology or micro turbines could allow customers to be electric grid independent , ' the report said . Deutsche Bank estimates sales of stationary battery storage systems for homes and commercial uses could yield as much as $ 4.5 billion in revenue for Tesla . Analysts expect Tesla will build stationary storage systems around the same basic batteries it will produce for its vehicles at a large factory the company is building in Nevada . Stationary storage systems could be part of a fossil-fuel free lifestyle in which an individual has solar panels on the roof , generating electricity that can power home appliances and recharge batteries in a Tesla Model S sedan parked in the garage . Government subsidies and a dramatic drop in the price of lithium ion batteries are drawing more companies into the home electricity storage business . Tesla has so far received $ 1.1 million from California 's Self-Generation Incentive Program . Tesla has received or is poised to receive state funding for about 600 storage projects in California , according to data from the state . Though valued at just $ 200 million in 2012 , the energy storage industry is expected to grow to $ 19 billion by 2017 , according to research firm IHS CERA . In Tesla 's view , such storage systems could become part of a fossil-fuel-free lifestyle in which people can have solar panels on their roof generating electricity to power their home and recharge their electric car batteries .