Long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics . In the case of late 19th-century America , it was the ` escort card ' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today - but rather a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive . Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers , which bear phrases such as : ` May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening ? ' Scroll down for video . Long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers of the late 19th Century had to resort to other tactics -LRB- pictured -RRB- . These comical printed cards were handed out by men to women they found attractive . According to The Encyclopedia of Ephemera , there were two types of cards used in the 1870s and 1880s . One was referred to as the ` calling card ' and would be used by gentleman to formally introduce themselves to new acquaintances - much like the modern business card . The second , as seen in Mr Mays ' collection , was a novelty variety reserved for more casual encounters , namely men seeking the company of women , known as an ` escort card ' . ` The device commonly carried a brief message and a simple illustration , ' the encyclopaedia states . ` Flirtatious and fun , the acquaintance card brought levity to what otherwise might have seemed a more formal proposal . ` A common means of introduction , it was never taken too seriously . ' MessyNessyChic uncovered the collection , calling them an array of ` amusing pick-up lines you 've not likely heard before while waiting for your drink at the bar ' . Rhyming couplets appeared to have been rather popular in the 19th century according to these cards . The card commonly carried a brief message and a simple illustration . Some were quite specific in their nature - albeit in a very polite way . Many of them have all the flowery but insincere charm of a cheesy modern-day pick-up line . ` Dear Miss : You are sensible and good , you have all the charms of womanhood , your eyes resemble the stars above you , I shall be miserable if I ca n't love you , ' reads one . ` May I see you home ? Or will I have to set on the fence and watch you meander by ? ' reads another . Some were a little more down-to-business . ` I very much desire to make your acquaintance . If agreeable , please return this card , appointing time and place for interview , on the other side , ' reads one . Another even blunter card bears the question : ` I am _ who the devil are you ? ' Several of the cards bear phrases such as : ` May I have the pleasure of seeing you home this evening ? If so , keep this card ; if not , please return . ' Practical , if nothing else . Certain cards were short and to-the-point - including this ` may I. C. U. Home ? ' card . These ` escort cards ' were seen as a more casual version of what we today regard as business cards . This blank card poses , ` Who the devil are you ? ' This man 's intent is made crystal clear by its very title . Many of the cards have all the flowery but insincere charm of a cheesy modern-day pick-up line . ` Two souls with but a single thought ; two hearts that beat as one ' , reads this one . This card addresses its recipient as a ` dear creature ' Many carried the disclaimer , ` If so , keep this card , if not , please return it '