Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women 's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag . The latest design , which will be worn by the women 's team at this summer 's World Cup , features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament . Charlie Brooks , Nike 's vice president of North America communications , has defended the company 's decision not to promote the ` Stars and Stripes ' . -LRB- -LRB- L-R -RRB- Tobin Heath , Alex Morgan and Sydne Leroux of the USA women 's team pose in their new kits . The outfits , which will be worn at the World cup , have been criticised as they do not represent the US flag . ` Not every team pays homage to the flag , ' he said . ` Take Germany 's kit for example , world champions . The German flag is yellow , red and black . The kit is white with black trim on it . ` I understand people asking about the colors , but there 's also that level of not all national teams have to represent the flag . ' While patriotic supporters are up in arms , feedback from the team itself has been more positive . ` They 're stoked , ' Brooks said . ` They love the uniforms . ' Nike has been forced to defend its colour decision , saying ` Not every team pays homage to the flag ' USA player Tobin Heath says she is ` proud ' of the new designs . Sydne Leroux poses wearing the new at Nike 's launch in California on Wednesday . ` This launch has been fantastic and Nike has done a great job kind of reinventing our kits , reinventing this World Cup , we 're able to come out in a completely different look , but a look that we can be proud of , ' added midfielder Tobin Heath . The US women 's team will be hoping to replicate the success of their male counterparts who reached the last 16 of the 2015 World Cup in Brazil . ` Our success in the World Cup will do nothing but help the development of women 's football in the US and just the continuation of the league that we have here and the fans that we draw , ' said forward , Alex Morgan .