Arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals Liverpool on Saturday afternoon with a 4-1 win at home in the Premier League . Goals from Hector Bellerin , Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead , before Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors . Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time . Here , Sportsmail 's Matt Barlow casts his eye over the two teams ' performances at the Emirates . Arsenal -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- . DAVID OSPINA - 6.5 . No shots to save first half , although out smartly once or twice . Made a flying save to thwart Can in the second-half and almost saved Jordan Henderson 's penalty . HECTOR BELLERIN - 6.5 . Scored a wonderful goal with his left foot . Unfortunate to be booked for a foul by Mathieu Flamini and then lucky not to be sent off for a foul on Sterling which conceded penalty . Hector Bellerin celebrates after putting Arsenal 1-0 ahead against Liverpool in the first half on Saturday . PER MERTESACKER - 6.5 . Coped quite well with the nimble trio of Liverpool strikers . LAURENT KOSCIELNY - 6 . Performed well until replaced early in second half by Gabriel . NACHO MONREAL - 7 . Solid defensive display , up against Lazar Markovic and Philippe Coutinho . FRANCIS COQUELIN - 7 . Offered vital bite in midfield , especially during period midway through first half when Liverpool were at their best . Alexis Sanchez celebrates after netting the Gunners third on the stroke of half-time at the Emirates . SANTI CAZORLA - 6.5 . Heavily involved in the middle of midfield , but without any of the creative frills which often decorate this game . Early shot forced a save . Hit a post late in game . AARON RAMSEY - 7 . Started very well , wide on the right . Missed a good chance after a Kolo Toure mistake and set-up Alexis Sanchez 's goal with a neat touch . Faded and replaced early . ALEXIS SANCHEZ - 7 . All action as ever , including a fabulous strike before half time make it 3-0 . MESUT OZIL - 7.5 . Produced silky touches and a brilliant free-kick for the second which put Arsenal in control . Mesut Ozil added a glorious second for Arsenal with a sumptuous free-kick on 40 minutes . Ozil was all smiles as he celebrated his strike in a silky personal display from the midfielder . Ozil -LRB- right -RRB- posted on Instagram after the match : ` Seven wins in a row ! and so happy ! ' OLIVIER GIROUD - 7 . Forced early mistake from Toure which his team failed to capitalise on . Denied in the second half by a good reflex save . Scored the fourth with another stunner . SUBS : GABRIEL -LRB- for Koscielny 49 min -RRB- ; FLAMINI -LRB- for Ramsey -RRB- , WELBECK -LRB- for Ozil -RRB- . Subs not used : Macey , Gibbs , Rosicky , Walcott . MANAGER : ARSENE WENGER - 7 . Wonderful first half for the Arsenal boss , but his team do not have the knack of killing a game . There will always be chances to score . Sent on Flamini in a bid to protect the clean sheet , but Liverpool got one back . Olivier Giroud -LRB- right -RRB- added a late fourth with a brilliant strike to complete the scoreline for the Gunners . Liverpool -LRB- 3-4 -- 2-1 -RRB- . SIMON MIGNOLET - 5.5 . Beaten three times in eight minutes before the break , but made fine early saves from Santi Cazorla and Aaron Ramsey as well as a splendid reaction save from Olivier Giroud in the second half . EMRE CAN - 5 . Not comfortable on the right of three centre-halves or at right-back where he played after the break . Sent off for two yellow cards , the second a stupid tackle from behind on Danny Welbeck , near the corner flag . Emre Can -LRB- right -RRB- was sent off late in the second half for Liverpool to compound a miserable afternoon . Liverpool 's Kolo Toure -LRB- centre -RRB- had a torrid afternoon in defence on his return to his former club . KOLO TOURE - 4.5 . Error-strewn performance defined Liverpool 's first-half . Escaped an early mistake which gave Ramsey a chance but not others . Better in back four in second half . MAMADOU SAKHO - 5 . Erratic as if disturbed playing alongside Toure in absence of Martin Skrtel . JORDAN HENDERSON - 6 . Did not contribute a great deal from right-wing-back in the first half , but more involved when he moved forward in the second half . Scored from the spot and returned to right-back after Emre Can 's red card . Jordan Henderson pulled one back for the Reds from the penalty spot on 79 minutes at the Emirates . JOE ALLEN - 6 . Ticked over in midfield . Won some tackles and passed it well , but did not protect his defence when they needed help . LUCAS LEIVA - 5.5 . First start in two months and very sluggish and wasteful in the early exchanges . Like Joe Allen , better in second half , but the game had gone by this point . ALBERTO MORENO - 5.5 . Offered nothing in attack and unreliable in defence . Easily beaten by Hector Bellerin for the opening goal . LAZAR MARKOVIC - 5 . Flickered on the counter-attack but opted to pass to Sterling when clean through and ought to have shot . Replaced at half-time . Lazar Markovic -LRB- left -RRB- wasted a glorious chance to give Liverpool the lead and was substituted at half-time . PHILIPPE COUTINHO - 5 . Unable to impose himself . One pass to Markovic created a first-half chance . Nice touches , here and there but nothing more . RAHEEM STERLING - 6 . Bright and well poised on the ball . Movement good and influential when moved to the left after the break . Won penalty . Liverpool won the penalty after Raheem Sterling -LRB- top -RRB- was fouled by Bellering -LRB- bottom -RRB- in the second half . SUBS : DANIEL STURRIDGE -LRB- HT for Markovic -RRB- . Liverpool were better with him on . 6 . Subs not used : Jones , Johnson , Lovren , Manquillo , Brannagan , Borini . MANAGER : BRENDAN RODGERS - 6 . Awful first half for his team in absence of Skrtel and Steven Gerrard . Started badly , improved a little but beaten by three terrific goals in eight minutes . Switched from back-three to back-four to try and get back into the match as well as sending Daniel Sturridge on in response . But it was over when Can was dismissed . REFEREE : ANTHONY TAYLOR - 6.5 . There were mistakes and he missed small things , but overall let it flow . Got the penalty right and the red card , but made a mess of Bellerin 's cards .