A man took his own life shortly after he was convicted of killing his wife in court on Friday . Mark Ward Faville , of Christiansburg , Virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne , who died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner . Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an initial autopsy . After the verdict was , read , Faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse . Scroll down for video . Mark Faville -LRB- above -RRB- , of Christiansburg , Virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne , who died in 2000 , on Friday . Faville -LRB- above with his lawyer -RRB- then took his own life as he was being led away , though it is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway . The Roanoke Times reports that a sheriff 's deputy who was taking the man to a holding room could be heard screaming ` drop it , drop it , ' and that the court was soon put on lockdown until 5 pm . Anne -LRB- above -RRB- died in 2000 . Faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound , though it is not known what kind of weapon he may have used to kill himself . Deputies do not carry guns when transporting individuals in the courthouse so that they can not try to grab them . What 's more , everyone must pass through security and an x-ray machine to get into the courthouse . Police are investigating the incident . The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning . The couple 's two daughters both testified for the prosecution . His wife was a local teacher , and in the months after her death both daughters noted odd behaviors from their father . They also claim he had grown suspicious of his wife , and had even begun following her when she went out on errands . Immediate family members and friends cried as the verdict was read , almost all of whom believe Faville was guilty . Writings found at the couple 's home seemed to imply that Anne was preparing to leave her husband for her high school sweetheart Chris Crowley , something he himself confirmed when he took the stand earlier this week . Then , on March 7 , Crowley grew concerned when he had not heard from Anne all day and called police . A little after his concerned call , at around 1 am on March 8 , Faville ran to his neighbor 's home to say his wife had stopped breathing and he needed help . Robert and Melissa Frederick ran over and said they found Anne dead and cold to the touch , and both they and paramedics reported seeing Faville sitting on his dead wife 's chest and slapping her face in their testimony this week . What 's more , Mr. Frederick , a respiratory therapist , repeatedly asked Faville to get off his wife so he could do something , but the man refused to move . ` There was nothing else I could do , ' testified Frederick .