Portugal striker Nelson Oliveira is determined to take his Swansea chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form Bafetimbi Gomis . Oliveira has won 14 caps for his country and was once linked to a £ 24million move to Manchester United , but his career has stalled at Benfica and Swansea is his third loan spell in as many seasons . The 23-year-old has found it tough to make an impression in south Wales but he is set to make his second Barclays Premier League start at bottom club Leicester on Saturday with Gomis sidelined by hamstring trouble . Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica but has struggled for first-team action . The striker -LRB- right -RRB- has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury and is expected to start against Leicester . ` I 've had to be patient waiting for my chance , ' Oliveira told the official Swansea website . ` But that 's understandable . It 's normal that when you join a very good team who are doing well and are eighth in the table , then you have to wait for your chance . ' Gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks after being injured in the early stages of last weekend 's 1-1 home draw with Everton . The France international has scored four goals in seven games and Oliveira , who has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury in time to feature at the King Power Stadium , admits that Gomis ' form has made life difficult for him . Oliveira is hoping to take his Swansea chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form Bafetimbi Gomis . ` Bafe has been doing very well and scoring goals , ' said Oliveira , who has made seven of his eight Swansea appearances from the bench with his only start coming in the 5-0 home defeat to Chelsea in January . ` He 's a good player and person and I feel for him because of the injury . ` He 's been in a good moment and is important to the team . ` I 'm not happy he is injured , but if it gives me a chance then I really want to take it ; work hard , play well and help the team . ` It would be nice to score my first goal for the club and I 'm always confident in my own ability . Manager Garry Monk is set to hand Oliveira only the second Premier League start of his career at Swansea . ` And I know , the more I play the more confident I will get . ' The injury to Gomis on the back of selling Wilfried Bony to Manchester City in January has highlighted the shortage of strikers at Swansea , and manager Garry Monk has made no secret of the fact that it is one department where the club need to strengthen this summer . ` It is an area where we need to help those who are here , ' Monk said . ` We still need to look at Nelson and Marvin Emnes is not an out and out striker . ` Hopefully Nelson can have some more game time but we are looking to strengthen that area . '