A rescued baby orangutan whose heartbreaking plight captured the hearts of thousands , has gone on to find love . Budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to Jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable . Indeed , video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue 's orangutan center in Indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit . At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi 's side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss . He then promptly performs the same gesture back at her . Love at first sight : Budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to Jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable . Two peas in a pod : Indeed , video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue 's Orangutan Rescue Centre in Indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit . Mimicking : At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi 's side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her . Carers at the rescue center say that 15-month-old Budi and Jemmi have developed a ` beautiful friendship ' . Along with eating meals together , they apparently enjoy playing around on the ropes and branches of their enclosure . A spokesperson added : ` If Budi is taken into the day enclosure first he will keep looking back for Jemmi and , if left on his own , will cry until his new friend joins him . ` At the end of the day they both make their way back to their shared hammock where they spend the night together . ' Budi was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when the International Animal Rescue discovered him in Borneo , Indonesia , last December . Rescued : Budi also had a tough start to life Budi the orangutan and was found -LRB- pictured -RRB- lying on his back in a wire chicken coop without the strength to sit up . Tragedy : This photo , taken at the time of his rescue , shows the 10-month-old with a thin blanket in his cage for comfort . Along with being kept in a confined space , his owner had never given him a single mouthful of solid food for fear it would be bad for him - leaving his tiny limbs swollen and bent . Earlier footage showed him crying in pain when one of his carers gently turned his body or lifted him to sit up . But thanks to intensive treatment and care from International Animal Rescue 's veterinary team , he made a remarkable recovery . Meanwhile , eight-month-old Jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet . Despite their rough beginnings , the wonderful new footage shows the orangutans ' transformation from frail and helpless babies into inquisitive animals , now strong enough to swing from trees . They look extremely comfortable in each other 's company as they sit side-by-side . It 's hoped that their friendship gets them both used to being around other orangutans so they can hopefully be released into the wild some day . Strength : The tiny orangutan did n't have the muscle strength to open his mouth when he was first rescued from a life of neglect . One of many : International Animal Rescue are keen to stress that Budi 's story is not an isolate case and there are ` countless ' orangutans currently suffering from neglect in Indonesia . Alan Knight , CEO of International Animal Rescue , said : ` As they start to form bonds with each other and then with other orangutans in baby school , they will learn from each other how to behave in the forest and gradually shed their dependence on their human babysitters . ' ` We could n't be happier to see how well Budi is getting on with his new playmate . ` This first meeting is a milestone in the development of both babies . ' International Animal Rescue are keen to stress that Budi 's story is not an isolate case and there are ` countless ' orangutans currently suffering from neglect in Indonesia . The charity is currently caring for 83 orangutans who were being kept illegally as pets . The primates of all ages are now undergoing rehabilitation so they can eventually be released back into the wild . Mr Knight added : ` People are being very generous in their response to Budi 's story and I would urge everyone please to keep on supporting us . ` The more people give , the more orangutans we can rescue and help on their journey back to a protected place in the forest where they belong . '