The ethnic minority population in Britain will more than double by the middle of this century , meaning one in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051 , research shows . The huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani , Bangladeshi , and African immigrants who usually come to this country during their young , child bearing years . Campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the NHS , and worsen the quality of life in Britain as a whole . A baby boom among ethnic minorities in the UK will see numbers rocket by the middle of the century , according to new data , with a quarter of Britons coming from a minority background by 2051 . The research , carried out by Leeds University and reported in The Times , shows that overall , between 2011 and 2051 , the UK 's population will rise from 63.4 million to 77.4 million . While the number of white Britons will increase over that time , by almost three million , the minority population will increase more than three times faster , by 10 million . By the midpoint of the 21st century , minority ethnic communities will make up 24.3 per cent of the total population , compared with 12.8 per cent during the 2011 census . In contrast the proportion of whites will drop from 87.2 per cent in 2011 to 75.7 per cent in 2015 . The sudden rise in the ethnic minority population marks an increase on predictions from the same university just five years ago . In an almost identical study , published in July 2010 , professors at Leeds University predicted that ethnic minorities would make up around a fifth of the total population by 2051 . In the same study they also predicted that British society would become much more integrated , with those from ethnic minorities moving into more affluent areas . Professor Philip Rees , who led the project , said : ` The ethnic makeup of UK 's population is evolving significantly . ` Groups outside the White British majority are increasing in size and share , not just in the areas of initial migration , but throughout the country and our projections suggest that this trend is set to continue through to 2051 . While the white British population will increase between now and 2051 , the minority population will increase nearly three times as fast , meaning they will make up a greater share of the population . ` At a regional level , ethnic minorities will shift out of deprived inner city areas to more affluent areas , which echoes the way white groups have migrated in the past . ` In particular black and Asian populations in the least deprived local authorities will increase significantly . ' The new research is likely to cause anxiety for those pushing for greater control of British borders , including an in-out referendum on the EU , or a renegotiation of the open borders treaty . While the Conservatives pledged at the last election to cut net migration from ` the hundreds of thousands to tens of thousands ' , it now stands at just under 300,000 per year . While Cameron has promised a renegotiation of EU laws if reelected , followed by a referendum , the Tory manifesto only contains an ` ambition ' to cut current migration . While Ed Miliband has admitted that Tony Blair 's Labour government made mistakes on immigration , he has also failed to commit to targets , though he has insisted that all new migrants should be able to speak English . Education Secretary Nicky Morgan also announced yesterday that her department is conducting a review into the pressures that migrants put on schools . That echoes the concerns of researchers such as David Coleman , professor of demography at Oxford University , who said : ` Money of the consequences of large-scale migration are damaging . ` We do not need up to 13 million more people by the mid century . Almost all that increase will be immigrants and their children . It will not make the UK a happier or richer place . ` Crowding and congestion will have entirely negative effects , increasing pressure on schools , hospitals and particularly housing . '