A Ferrari-driving fantasist dubbed ` Teflon Don ' who murdered his wealthy heiress lover in order to steal £ 816,000 from her bank accounts has been ordered to pay back just £ 1 . Donald Graham , 62 , from Sparty Lea , Northumberland , killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home . Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . Scroll down for video . Donald Graham , 62 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown , 45 , his lover , for her money . He stole £ 300,000 of her savings , her Land Rover and Porsche , took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family . Graham , who dubbed himself Teflon Don , was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing Ms Brown for her money nine years after her death . Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains , which they said totalled £ 816,127.86 p , under the Proceeds of Crime Act . But Newcastle Crown Court heard Graham , previously referred to in court as the Prince of Darkness , now has no available assets and so must pay back just back £ 1 . Janet Brown -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and Graham -LRB- right -RRB- were lovers for eight years despite Graham being married . Graham , who drove a Ferrari , a Porsche , a Range Rover and a Alfa Romeo Spider , despite allegedly being short of cash , denied murdering Ms Brown between June 14 and 18 , 2005 but admitted stealing her money . But jurors , who had been deliberating over the case for a week , found him guilty of murder and perverting the course of justice during a trial last year . The court heard the Hexham heiress ` disappeared from the face of the earth ' in June 2005 and no trace of her has ever been found . Graham spun a cruel web of lies that left Ms Brown 's parents believing she was still alive but living abroad . Graham , described as ` flash ' and always ` dripping in gold ' , lived with his wife Denise , 66 , but had two mistresses , including Ms Brown . Graham and Ms Brown , who had saved ` substantial assets ' of over £ 400,000 , had been together for eight years . He told her that his wife had cancer and when she died they would marry . The Hexham heiress ` disappeared from the face of the earth ' in June 2005 and no trace of her has been found . The pair arranged to go on holiday to France in 2005 but at the last minute he pulled out , claiming his wife was unwell , so Miss Brown decided to go alone . The court heard that after booking the holiday , Graham had found a new girlfriend , Elizabeth Todd , 51 , with whom he had become infatuated . It was around the day of her intended departure on June 17 that Ms Brown was murdered . Graham had persuaded her to transfer £ 300,000 into his account and the money dropped just a day before she disappeared . Jurors were told that Graham wanted Miss Brown 's money so he could ` live a lifestyle that involved owning and driving powerful motor cars ' and buy a property for Todd to live in . During his murder trial at Newcastle Crown Court , the jury heard Ms Brown had been besotted with ` greedy liar ' Graham . During his murder trial at Newcastle Crown Court the jury heard Ms Brown had been besotted with ` greedy liar ' Graham -LRB- pictured in long leather jacket -RRB- . The trial judge said Ms Brown , whose body has never been found , may have been dumped in a deep pit or mine shaft by former JCB digger driver Graham . Her killer was badly in debt and was struggling to fund the finance agreements on his beloved sports cars . He plundered Ms Brown 's bank account to fund his flashy lifestyle , making her elderly parents , Eric and Olive Brown , believe their daughter was still alive by sending them letters and cards in her name from Europe . Graham also ingratiated himself with her parents after her death and started systematically stripping their estate and assets . He used his visits to gain access to Ms Brown 's security codes and also sold her Porsche and other cars . When her parents died , he plundered their bank accounts - defrauding a total of more than £ 500,000 from them . The couple died in 2007 and 2008 respectively , believing their only daughter was working in a bank in Switzerland . After they died building society staff eventually became suspicious that withdrawals were still being made in 2010 and police were called . They believed they were just investigating a fraud but it soon became apparent Ms Brown was missing and a murder inquiry was launched . He had n't worked since an accident in 1997 when a JCB bucket hit him on the back and he was awarded £ 40,000 compensation . Graham was jailed for life with a minimum term of 32 years for killing Ms Brown . Northumbria Police subsequently launched an investigation under the Proceeds of Crime Act into his finances . Graham stole more than £ 800,000 from Ms Brown to fund his love of supercars and a lavish lifestyle . The court heard with his fleet of flash sports cars and his large imposing house on a hill , pony-tailed and goatee-bearded Graham thought of himself as a charmer and cut a distinctive figure in his long leather coat . He liked to play the big man , pretending to be related to murdered Viv Graham who was shot and killed in an unsolved apparent gangland hit in 1993 , in an effort to enhance his reputation as a force to be reckoned with . In fact he was a failed former policeman in the Met , having quit after a week in the 1970s , apparently homesick for his native North East . The court heard Graham 's main motivation in life was always money and he had a penchant for women over whom he could exert power and control . Graham was jailed for life for killing Ms Brown . Police are pictured searching for her body in Northumberland .