President Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop to the Bob Marley museum in Jamaica last night while on a visit to the country for a meeting with Caribbean leaders . The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades , Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller , U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries . Obama promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum dedicated to the island 's most famous son . Scroll down for video . Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum while on an official visit to Jamaica . The U.S. President walks around the museum with tour guide Natasha Clark during his unannounced visit . On a tour of the house where the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981 , Obama , looking relaxed in shirtsleeves , was shown a trophy room where Marley 's Grammys and platinum records were on display . At the same time Marley 's hit song ` One Love ' played over the loudspeaker . The musician 's family transformed the rambling property into a museum complete with a well-equipped 80-seat theatre , a photographic gallery , and a gift shop selling T-shirts , posters and CDs and other Bob Marley memorabilia . One of the rooms Obama explored held the late reggae star 's platinum records and a Grammy award . Thee president looks at selection of Bob Marley 's gold records at the Bob Marley Museum in Kingston . The building was home to Marley until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum by his family . ` What a wonderful tour , ' the president told museum guide Natasha Clark . ` I still have all the albums . ' Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc . The visit is part of an official Caribbean summit seeking to reassert U.S. leadership in the region at a time when oil-producing Venezuela 's economic clout may be receding . The Caribbean region collectively cheered when Obama was first elected president in 2008 . Calypso and reggae songs were written in his honor , the French Caribbean island of Martinique named a road after him , and Antigua 's highest mountain officially became ` Mount Obama ' as the small country saluted him as a symbol of black achievement . Obama thanked the guide for a wonderful tour and told her he still owns all of Bob Marley 's albums . Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc to discuss energy and security . As the first U.S. president to visit Kingston since Ronald Reagan in 1982 , Obama faces the challenge of convincing Caribbean island leaders that Washington is genuinely re-engaging after a long period of perceived neglect of its smaller , poorer neighbors . The visit is expected to be dominated by discussions on energy , security and trade with the 15-member Caribbean Community , or Caricom . Some analysts say a key reason why Washington is suddenly paying attention to the Caribbean Basin is that it wants to wean the islands off dependence on cut-rate Venezuelan oil that Caracas has long used to wield influence in the region . From Jamaica , Obama will travel to Panama to attend a Western Hemisphere summit , where Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has made clear he will confront Obama over new U.S. sanctions . Obama will also cross paths at the Summit of the Americas with Cuban President Raul Castro for the first time since the two announced a historic opening between their countries in December .