A bizarre new dinosaur with bat-like wings has been discovered by a farmer in China and is now helping to shed new light on the evolution of flight . Palaeontologists in China say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago . The strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat 's wing . Scroll down for video . The new dinosaur , named Yi qi -LRB- shown above in the artists reconstruction -RRB- , had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane . The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap . Scientists believe the dinosaur , which they have named Yi qi , meaning ` strange wing ' , may have glided or even flown through the air . The discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air . A new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants , despite being closely related to notorious carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex , has been discovered in Chile . Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics , including its small skull and feet . These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which were predominantly carnivorous and included the famous meat eaters Velociraptor , Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus , from which birds today evolved - but was a vegetarian . The presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds , but Chilesaurus shows a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than first thought . The dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period , around 145 million years ago , is named after the country where it was discovered , and Diego Suárez , who discovered the bones . Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi -LRB- illustrated -RRB- as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features . Researchers say the dinosaur , which would have weighted just 13 ounces -LRB- 380g -RRB- and was 33 cm -LRB- 12 inches -RRB- long with a wings that spanned 60 cm -LRB- 23 inches -RRB- , may have been an early evolutionary experiment with flight . Yi qi belongs the group of carnivorous dinosaurs known as the therapods - which includes Tyranosaurus rex and velociraptor . These dinosaurs are thought to have been the ancestors of modern birds . But unlike modern birds , Yi qi was found to have a strange extra bone extending backwards from its wrist , rather like an entirely separate group of animals that learned to fly - the bats . Professor Xing Xu , one of the world 's leading prolific palaeontologists at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing and who led the work , said : ` This is really something for me . It is the most unexpected discovery I ever made . ` Birds are descended from dinosaurs , but how exactly the transition occurred is not really clear . This new discovery is a new species of these bird like dinosaurs . ` This dinosaur is totally different . It has totally different wings from all other birds and their close relatives . ` Close to the origin of birds there are many lineages trying to get into the air but there was only one group that succeeded . ` I would have said this example shows how much experimentation close to this transition . ' The discovery comes in the same week as researchers announced the discovery of a bizarre vegetarian relative of the T-Rex . The Yi qi fossil was discovered by a local farmer in Mutoudeng , in Qinglong County , Hebei Province in China . The fossil has preserved stiff filamentous features on the forelimb and hindlimb , along with patches of the membrane that once stretched across its wings . However , it was the strange wrists and long rod-like bones that extended from them that baffled the attention of the palaeontologists . There are three main groups of flying vertebrates - the birds , which evolved from dinosaurs , pterosaurs that were flying reptiles that existed alongside the dinosarus , and the bats , which are mammals that evolved after the extinction of the dinosaurs 66 million years ago . Most winged avian dinosaurs to be discovered so far all have wing structures that are similar to those of modern birds . However , Yi qi , which is pronounced ` ee chee ' , appears to be a weird hybrid between a dinosaur and a bat . This suggests that at the time several different types of winged dinosaurs evolved wings in an attempt to fly . The fossil of Yi qi -LRB- above -RRB- was so well preserved that bristle-like feathers and the remains of its membrane wings could be seen around the bones . The strange long bone extending from the wrist was highly unusual . This close up of the skull of Yi qi , which weighed just 13 ounces -LRB- 380g -RRB- , show oval like feathers near the head . Analysis by Professor Xu and his colleagues , which is published in the journal Nature , suggest that it is likely the dinosaur glided , perhaps like modern flying squirrels . The dinosaur lacked the strong muscle attachments to the forelimb bones and its bone structure would have interfered with the flapping and rotating movements needed during powered flight . Instead it may have launched itself from elevated perches and glided to the ground . If it did flap its wings it would probably have only been able to fly over short distances . But Professor Xu said : ` We thought giving this animal a name meaning `` strange wing '' was appropriate , because no other bird or dinosaur has a wing of the same kind . ` We do n't know if Yi qi was flapping , or gliding , or both , but it definitely evolved a wing that is unique in the context of the transition from dinosaurs to birds . ' It is likely that the conclusions will be controversial with other evolutionary biologists , but it could prove hugely valuable in unravelling how birds evolved from their dinosaur ancestors . Professor Zheng Xiaoting , from Linyi University in Shandong who also took part in the study , said : ` Yi qi lived in the Jurassic , so it was a pioneer in the evolution of flight on the line to birds . ` It reminds us that the early history of flight was full of innovations , not all of which survived . ' Dr Kevin Padian , a palaeontologist at the University of California Berkeley , warned that the animal may not have been able to fly at all . The fossil of Yi qi was discovered by a farmer working his fields in Mutoudeng in Qinglong County in China . The diagrams above show how the wing of Yi qi -LRB- a -RRB- compares to other winged tetrapods -LRB- b and c -RRB- and the wing of a bat -LRB- d -RRB- , the wing of a pigeon -LRB- e -RRB- , the wing of a pterosaur -LRB- f -RRB- and the wing of a Japanese flying squirrel -LRB- g -RRB- . He said : ` As for gliding , if Yi qi 's styliform element helped to support a membranous aerofoil , it can be used to reconstruct the planform of the wing , as Xu and colleagues have done . ` But in a gliding animal , the centre of lift of the aerofoil should be fairly congruent with the centre of gravity of the body -- if the bulk of the animal 's weight falls too far behind the centre of lift , the back end will sag and the animal will stall . ` That is clearly the case in the authors ' reconstruction of Yi qi , but an aerofoil that was swept back more , if anatomically possible , might have mitigated this problem . ` Still , we are left in a quandary : an animal with a strange structure that looks as if it could have been used in flight , borne by an animal that otherwise shows no such tendencies . ` And so far , there is no other plausible explanation for the function of this structure . '