Colin Shearing , 70 , fled across the Channel to Paris to avoid being jailed for a sex attack . File photo . A paedophile author has fled to France to avoid being jailed for a sex attack on a six-year-old girl . A European arrest warrant has been issued for Colin Shearing , 70 , who failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced . He was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail to ` put his personal matters in order . ' But Swansea Crown Court heard that he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation in Paris . He then moved to a second hotel and then to a third in a bid to stay one step ahead of the police , who are hunting him across the continent . Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing 's arrest . The court heard he twice assaulted the girl more than 20 years ago and was sentenced to three years prison in his absence . But he will now also receive an additional sentence for absconding once he has been found . Judge Davies said Shearing , of Chichester , Sussex , had shown ` absolutely no remorse ' for what he had done . Shearing , who is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts , agreed that among his books , which are published under the name Colin King , there was a passage dealing with children having sex together . The court heard that Shearing booked himself into the Hotel des Nations in Paris -LRB- pictured -RRB- before moving to a second and third hotel to evade police . He agreed that among his books , published under the name Colin King , there was a passage dealing with children having sex together - but he insisted that it was a work of pure fiction . The writer twice assaulted the girl in the 1980s . She revealed that memories of the assault came back to her years later and she was driven to complain when she discovered Shearing had become involved with a youth theatre . Shearing has been ordered to register as a sex offender . Shearing was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail at Swansea Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- and now faces an additional sentence for absconding .