Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson has admitted he has already been through the wringer , even before he steps back into the Octagon . Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator when he takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night . But he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186 . Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson and Fabio Maldonado face off during the UFC 186 weigh-in on Friday . ` Everything happens for a reason , ' he said . ` It was a very stressful period , it was so stressful preparing for this fight . I 've never went through this type of thing before . I felt like I had to fight to get here , and that 's been a tough fight . ` I probably wo n't feel any emotions until after the fight or right before the fight . I just wanted to make it here for the fans , though . I feel like the fans wanted to see me fight , a lot of fans bought tickets and wanted to watch the pay-per-view and see this fight so I 'm glad to be here . ` He 's -LSB- Maldonado -RSB- good on paper . He 's a stand up fighter ; on paper it 's the type of fight I love so it should be a good show for the fans . But I 've heard he 's been doing a lot of wrestling so we 'll see what happens . ' Jackson , the former light-heavyweight champion , takes on Maldonado at a catchweight of 215 lb . Former light-heavyweight champion Jackson has been through a stressful fight to make UFC comeback . ` I 'm tired of fighting guys who are cowards , who just want to take you down and lay on top of you . In fights like that , the fans lose , ' he added . ` I am a true definition of a fighter , you know what I 'm saying . My style is a brawl , a street fighter . I like the excitement of the surprise of what he 's going to bring at me . ` We 're both pretty big guys . It was stressful preparing for this fight - it was kind of hard for either of us to keep our weight down . I just think it 's fair for both of us -LSB- that this is a catch weight fight at 215 lbs -RSB- . ` Fighting is mostly mental , even the weight loss part of it . When you 're stressing out , there 's nothing you can do . The thing you guys want to see is two healthy , strong fighters fighting each other , not people who are killing themselves trying to get down to weight the night before . '