Palmerston remains a very painful place for Rangers managers . Consider this the first harsh lesson of Stuart McCall 's tenure . Back in the chill of mid-December , Ally McCoist led the Ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation . A convincing 2-0 defeat did nothing to alleviate the mood of gloomy chaos that had engulfed the club . Nine days later , McCoist was out on gardening leave . Fast forward almost five months , and Rangers arrived here in far more ebullient spirits with a new boardroom regime installed and three successive victories under McCall 's command . That Hibs and Hearts were among the victims added to the sense of a substantial revival . In Dumfries , however , it felt more like a flashback to the bad old days of their campaign . Rangers were simply second-best all over the plastic pitch in Dumfries . Striker Derek Lyle points to the skies after putting Queen of the South in the lead at Palmerston Park . Lewis Kidd celebrates after an own goal doubles Queen of the South 's lead at the start of the second half . Gavin Reilly -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates after forcing an own goal for QOTS 's third to dent Rangers ' second place hopes . Queen of the South : Clark , Durnan -LRB- Hooper -RRB- , Dowie , Higgins , Kidd , McShane , Carmichael , McKenna , Holt , Lyle -LRB- Pickard -RRB- , Reilly -LRB- Russell -RRB- . Subs : Paton , Atkinson , Smith , Smith . Booked : Higgins . Scorers : Lyle 33 ' , Wallace -LRB- og -RRB- 46 ' , Reilly 69 ' Rangers : Robinson , McGregor , Zaliukas , Mohsni , Wallace , Templeton -LRB- Crawford -RRB- , Law , Murdoch , Vuckic , Miller -LRB- Hardie -RRB- , Clark -LRB- Boyd -RRB- . Subs : Black , Shiels , Simonsen , Sinnamon . Booked : Templeton , Moshni . Ref : Don Robertson . Att : 5,093 . Immense credit must go to Queens , who recorded a thoroughly merited victory that has significantly boosted their play-off hopes . Under James Fowler , they are capable of bright , energetic football that delivered goals from Derek Lyle and Gavin Reilly , as well an own goal from Lee Wallace . McCall , though , must have felt a twinge of despair . He has spent much of his recent time emphasising that nothing had been achieved by the recent uplift . That so much work still had to be done were they to achieve their aim of promotion . A first defeat of his six-game reign confirmed that assessment in the most emphatic fashion . The Ibrox outfit remain third behind Hibs on goal difference , albeit with a game still in hand . Radical improvement is once again required when they host Raith Rovers on Sunday . Queens will face Falkirk at that same time , having just overhauled their key rivals for the fourth and final play-off spot . This was the best possible fillip for Fowler 's men , as they seek to grow that one-point advantage . Ranger 's Newcastle loanee Haris Vukic -LRB- left -RRB- attempts to block a shot by QOTS ' Chris Higgins . New manager Stuart McCall -LRB- right -RRB- suffered his first defeat since taking charge of the Ibrox club . Rangers were without suspended skipper Lee McCulloch -- banned after a red card for an elbow on Hearts ' Osman Sow at the weekend -- which meant a starting role for Bilel Mohsni alongside Marius Zaliukas at the heart of the defence . There was little to trouble either backline in the initial exchanges , as the game developed at a rather sedate pace . McCall watched it unfold pensively . Clearly , what he was seeing was n't to his liking . His side did have flickers of threat early on , but they often owed much to fortune . Andy Murdoch saw a mis-hit cross clawed out by Zander Clark , before a similar delivery from David Templeton looped fractionally over . The winger was another change to McCall 's line-up and he saw plenty of the ball before the break , without making it amount to a great deal . QOTS 's Kidd -LRB- left -RRB- Rangers fends off David Templeton of Rangers as he runs with the ball . Lyle -LRB- 2nd left -RRB- opened the scoring following a first-half corner in the 3-0 defeat of Rangers . Lyle -LRB- centre -RRB- wheels away after putting the hosts in front with a strike on 33minutes . One neat bit of skill saw him drift infield from the left flank before thumping a shot just too high . Another powerful swipe was blocked by Andy Dowie 's head -- at the expense of ringing ears . Queens had offered even less up front throughout this spell , but suddenly sprang into life to claim the lead after 33 minutes with pretty much their first serious attack . Daniel Carmichael swept play wide to Lewis Kidd who took on Wallace . The Ibrox left-back toppled , apparently looking for a foul that was n't there , allowing Kidd to break into the penalty area . His cut-back found Lyle , who took a touch on his left foot before dispatching a sweet finish off his right . The home fans roared approval , barely having time to draw breath before the advantage was very nearly doubled . Lyle set up Reilly and his daisy-cutter drew a fine stop from Lee Robinson at full stretch . The QOTS striker acknowledges the home supporters after making the score 1-0 in the first half . Play continues as a flare is let off in the Rangers section of the crowd at Palmerston Park . QOTS goalkeeper Zander Clark ensures Rangers ' Bilel Mohsni does not find the back of the net . Rangers used the shock to stir them into greater vigour . Nicky Clark was close with a brave effort from a Darren McGregor cross , which led to him being flattened by his namesake in the Queens goal . Then , after a Haris Vuckic corner caused uncertainty , Kenny Miller sent a looping header against the bar . The first half duly closed with a penalty shout from Wallace after he tangled with Mark Durnan . Referee Don Robertson remained unmoved . Far worse followed for Wallace 16 seconds after the restart as he got the final touch to his side 's second concession of the evening . Kidd celebrates after forcing an own goal from Rangers Lee Wallace immediately after the break . QOTS 's Gavin Reilly -LRB- left -RRB- demonstrates a calm finish to put his side 3-0 to the good . Ibrox minds still appeared to be in the dressing room as Reilly surged into the box and sent a low cross speeding through the six yard box . It reached Kidd beyond the far post , who angled a drive back towards goal . Off balance , Wallace attempted to clear from the line but only succeeded in helping the ball into the net via his heel . Rangers were rocking . They looked shaken by the energy of their hosts . Fowler 's side seemed to be first to the ball in every area . Templeton collected a booking for diving after attempting to go past Durnan , but creating clear chances remained a trickier task . Not long after , the winger was replaced by Robbie Crawford . Clark saw a deflected effort held , before a Mohnsi effort from distance was shuttled round the post . Yet there still was n't a convincing edge to these attacking forays . The fluidity witnessed against Hearts at the weekend had disappeared . Scott Hooper applauds the home support as he leaves the field followed by dejected Rangers players . Queens were now content to try and pick Rangers off when they could . And they notched their clinching third goal after 69 minutes . Holt nicked possession away from Crawford and worked a little exchange that released Reilly . The flag stayed down as he calmly slotted beyond Robinson . Rangers attempted a pride-saving late flurry but found Clark in excellent form in the home goal . Notable saves from Vuckic and substitute Kris Boyd ensured McCall 's side would exit without even a sliver of consolation .