Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid , although he admits that ` you never know what the future will bring ' . Cazorla is enjoying one of the best periods of his career , having scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 Barclays Premier League appearances this season for Arsenal . The 30-year-old Spaniard 's impressive displays have seen him linked to a return to his homeland with Atletico Madrid , and Cazorla admits he has heard about interest from the Spanish capital . Spanish midfielder Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid . Cazorla is in his third season with the Gunners but enjoys life in north London and is happy to stay there . But despite the possibility of a move back to his home country , Cazorla says he is happy with his life at Arsenal and with his wife and children in north London . ` I 've heard -LRB- about Atletico 's interest -RRB- , like everybody , ' he said . ` But at the moment there is nothing concrete , only rumours . I do n't worry about that . ` I 'm focused on Arsenal , where I am very happy . I have another year on my contract and the option for one more . ' Cazorla has been enjoying some of the best form of his career for Arsenal with season , scoring seven goals . Cazorla signed for Arsenal in the summer of 2012 for a £ 16.5 million transfer fee from Malaga , and he has been a key man in Arsene Wenger 's squad ever since . With speculation of summer moves to bring big stars to the Emirates Stadium inevitable , Cazorla admits it remains important for him to be a valuable player and hinted that if that was compromised he could eventually leave . ` As long as I feel valued , I will continue here , ' he told El Mundo . ` Although you never know what the future will bring in football . The Spaniard did say that his continuing at the club would depend on him still feeling valued by Arsenal . ` I live in Hampstead , 15 minutes from the training ground , and it 's really nice . ` It 's the perfect place for my kids to go to school ... very calm . They 're picking up the language quickly , which is really important for me and my wife . '