A florist in eastern Washington state fined $ 1,000 for refusing to sell a same-sex couple wedding flowers and also facing a consumer-protection lawsuit has netted more than $ 87,000 in a crowdfunding campaign . The Seattle Times reports that nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in February for 70-year-old Barronelle Stutzman came in the last several days . Supporters compare Stutzman 's benefit page to an Indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop would n't cater a gay wedding . Supporters : An online campaign for Richland , Washington florist Barronelle Stutzman -LRB- pictured -RRB- has raised over $ 87,000 after the florist was fined for refusing to provide a gay couple with flowers for their 2013 wedding . Refused service : Couple Robert Ingersoll -LRB- left -RRB- and Curt Freed -LRB- right -RRB- were longtime customers at Stutzman 's shop , and while she was fine providing them flowers before , she cited her religious beliefs when declining to service their wedding . Stutzman , owner of Arlene 's Flowers and Gifts in Richland , Washington , received the fine in Benton County Superior Court in March after refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed in 2013 . When longtime customer Ingersoll came to Arlene 's Flowers and asked for the flowers , the devout Southern Baptist told him her ` relationship with Jesus Christ ' would n't allow her to do the wedding . After they were refused flowers , Ingersoll and Freed went ahead with a smaller wedding than they had planned . They got married in their home with 11 guests and flowers from another florist . In a February ruling , Benton County Superior Judge Alexander Ekstrom found that Stutzman 's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated Washington 's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . Along with the fine , the judge 's ruling also requires that everything Arlene 's Flowers sells to opposite-sex couples has to be available at the same price to same-sex couples . Attorney General Bob Ferguson , whose office requested the fine , said in a statement Friday that the ruling is a reminder of the reach of Washington 's anti-discrimination laws . ` My primary goal has always been to end illegal discrimination , ' Ferguson said . ` I 'm pleased that today 's ruling clearly prohibits discrimination against same-sex couples . ' Before Ferguson 's office filed the consumer-protection lawsuit against Stutzman , it had sent her a letter asking for an agreement to no longer discriminate , which she refused . Ferguson 's statement Friday said the office would not have sued if Stutzman had accepted the agreement . Breaking the law : In February , a Benton County judge ruled that Stutzman 's refusal to provide flowers for the ceremony was a violation of anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . Above , Stutzman 's shop .