The artist behind a statue of Lucille Ball so terrifying it has been nicknamed ` Scary Lucy ' has admitted to being ` disappointed ' in his work , offering to fix the sculpture for free . Residents of Celoron , New York , hometown of the famous comedienne , reacted with shock and horror when the ` I Love Lucy ' statue was unveiled in 2009 . Following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed , sculptor Dave Poulin called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' , and pledged to make a new one . Following a campaign to have the statue of Lucille Ball sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one . The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called ` We Love Lucy ! Get Rid of this Statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes . Yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he 's a ` big fan of Lucy 's . ' ` Lucille Ball was not only an amazing comedienne , but she was a stunning beauty . Her sense of humor only made her more beautiful , '' he told the site . ` This statue looks nothing like the beautiful Lucy we all know . If for no other reason than that ... the statue should go . ' However , in a letter to the Hollywood Reporter , Poulin admits : From the day of its installation , I have shared my disappointment in the final outcome and have always believed it to be by far my most unsettling sculpture , not befitting of Lucy 's beauty or my ability as a sculptor . ` In retrospect , it should have never been cast in bronze and made public , and I take complete ownership of that poor decision . ' For residents of Celoron , N.Y. , say a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is ` monstrous ' The statue is based on a famous moment from Ball 's show ` I Love Lucy , ' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk . He adds that he offers to return to Celoron and ` remove the current statue with the promise of creating a new beautiful and charming `` Lucy '' in its place . ' It would cost an estimated $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for Poulin to recast the statue , according to the Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost . While the organizer said he is a fan of Poulin 's work , this time he failed to do his subject justice . ` I think it looks like a monster . That is just my opinion , ' he told Yahoo . ` When you see it at night , it is frightening . ' The statue depicts Ball during one of her most loved moments on the pioneering show ` I Love Lucy , ' her intoxicated pitch for the Vitameatavegamin health tonic . The statue was the latest way the town has tried to honor its most famous resident , with the Jameston area already home to a Lucille Ball Desi Arnaz Museum & Center for Comedy .