From tackling ISIS to fighting in the Ukraine , these fascinating images show some of the women serving on the front line . The photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world , including in Syria , Pakistan and North Korea . One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq -LRB- Voice of Rights -RRB- battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo . Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River , near the town of Sinuiju , close to the border with China . Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk . The images include a shot of US Army soldier SSG Norma Gonzales of 426 Civil Affairs Battalion waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in Kandahar , southern Afghanistan . Scroll down for video . Ready for battle : Female members of the Sawt al-Haq -LRB- Voice of Rights -RRB- battalion of the Free Syrian Army stand with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo in 2013 . On patrol : Female North Korean soldiers are pictured along the banks of Yalu River , near the North Korean town of Sinuiju , opposite the Chinese border city of Dandong . Pro-Russian rebels stand near a monument during a ceremony to honour the World War Two defenders of Donetsk from Nazi forces . The picture was taken in Donetsk , Ukraine in September last year . US Army soldier SSG Norma Gonzales of 426 Civil Affairs Battalion reads a magazine while waiting to be transported by helicopter to a base in Kandahar , southern Afghanistan in 2012 . A Syrian Palestinian woman known only as ` Guevara ' - married to an Al Wa'ad battalion commander - is pictured holding her gun and walking through the ruins of a street in the city of Aleppo , Syria . In training : An Israeli soldier of the Caracal battalion stands next to backpacks after finishing a 20-kilometre march in Israel 's Negev desert , near Kibbutz Sde Boker in May last year . Line of fire : A female member of the ` Mother Aisha ' battalion , an all-female rebel group in Syria , receives instruction as she holds a rifle during military training in Aleppo 's Salaheddine district . Taking flight : Ayesha Farooq , 26 , Pakistan 's only female war-ready fighter pilot , climbs up to a Chinese-made F-7PG fighter jet at Mushaf base in Sargodha , north Pakistan . Armed : Former petrol station worker Irina became a member of a reconnaissance team of pro-Russian rebels in the town of Makievka , eastern Ukraine . She is pictured holding a gun in October last year . Weapons inspection : A Kurdish female fighter from Kurdish People 's Protection Units -LRB- YPG -RRB- checks her gun near Ras al-Ain , in the province of Hasakah , Syria , after capturing the city from Islamist rebels in 2013 . Tender touch : Um Jaafar , a woman fighter in the Free Syrian Army , sits with her husband Abu Jaafar , a Sawt al-Haq -LRB- Voice of Rights -RRB- battalion commander , and her daughter Faten at their home in Aleppo . On the march : Members of the Jordanian police women 's team attend the 7th Annual Warrior Competition at the King Abdullah Special Operations Training Center in Amman , the country 's capital on Wednesday . Protection : A member of a Female Commando Battalion - part of the Syrian Army - attaches her headgear in the government-controlled area of Jobar , a suburb of the capital Damascus in March . On guard : Members of the Palestinian security forces stand at attention and listen to their commanding officer -LRB- third right -RRB- at their training facility in the West Bank town of Jericho . A female pro-Russian rebel stands on a truck as she prepares to take position near the Sergey Prokofiev International Airport during fighting with Ukrainian government forces in the town of Donetsk , eastern Ukraine in October 2014 . Kurdish Peshmerga female fighters take part in combat skills training before deploying to fight the Islamic State at their military camp in Sulaimaniya , northern Iraq in September last year .