Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act , but say they would deny service to gay people regardless of the legality . Jennifer Williams , of Jeff Davis County , said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ` It does n't mean that I love them any less . ' Conservative Christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an Indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state . Scroll down for video . Jennifer Williams , an employee at a flower shop in Jeff Davis County , Georgia , said that she loves gay people but would not help them with flowers for a wedding or commitment ceremony . Melissa Jeffcoat -LRB- center -RRB- said that she would serve adulterers but not gay people and that Jesus ` died on the cross for me so that 's the least I could do for him ' Carlton Jeffcoat , who is studying to be a Baptist minister , agreed with his mother 's decision not to sell flowers to gay people . Memories Pizza in Walkerton , Indiana , plans to reopen soon after being bombarded with calls following the attention . On Thursday the state 's governor Mike Pence signed a law ` fixing ' his state 's controversial legislation , which has prompted boycotts on state employees traveling to Indiana for business from Connecticut , New York and Washington . Williams , a Southern Baptist , said that she does n't hate gay people and still loves them despite her refusal to have any part in their romantic ceremonies , she told CNN . Multiple shop owners in her county , named for the president of the Confederacy , said that they would like their own state to let them legally deny service for gay weddings . Georgia 's senate passed legislation similar to Indiana 's but did not get a vote in the state 's House of Representatives before its legislature adjourned its session this week . Jeff Davis County 's Melissa Jeffcoat said that she would be willing to take the risk of possible legal action by refusing gay people . ` He died on the cross for me so that 's the least I could do for him , ' she said , referring to Jesus . Her son Carlton is studying to be a Baptist preacher . Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed a ` fix ' to his state 's religious liberty bill on Thursday that said it could not be used to discriminate against gay people after criticism and travel boycotts from other states . Indiana has been the site of protests -LRB- pictured above , March 28 -RRB- since its religious freedom bill got widespread attention . A pizzeria in Walkerton was bombarded with calls after refusing to cater a wedding . ` I serve a god who 's higher than any Supreme Court judge . He 's called the judge of the universe . And I do n't care what anybody else says , ' he said . Mrs Jeffcoat said that she would serve adulterers or other people who have sinned against Bible teachings , but not gay people . State religious liberty bills first were first passed in the late 1990s , following a federal bill signed by President Clinton in 1993 . Most states focus on interactions between religious individuals and the government , though Indiana and a wave of new legislation in new states applies to private parties such as florists . A series of legal cases in Colorado found that a Christian baker discriminated against a gay couple when he refused to make them a cake for their wedding reception . On Friday , the state 's Civil Rights Division ruled that a pro-LGBT baker did not discriminate against a man when she refused to decorate a cake with the Bible verse ` Homosexuality is a detestable sin . Leviticus 18:2 ' . The baker offered to make the cake and give the man frosting so he could write the decorations , which also included a picture of two grooms with a red x over them , according to ABC 7 .