The Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of GQ Australia in a bold move that will no doubt set senators ' tongues wagging . Posing in a suave blue suit with a pinstriped shirt and a contrasting red tie , Mr Turnbull 's confident demeanour is complimented by the bold , confronting words printed across the page : ` Primed Minister ' . In an eight page interview , the minister from Sydney 's exclusive suburb of Point Piper confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February 's leadership spill . Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April . ` People would have been astonished if I had n't , ' Mr Turnbull told GQ , according to The Australian . His appearance in the high profile magazine , in which he is also interviewed about his childhood and political stance , has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes . ` Honestly , it 's this simple : I get out of bed and I am me , ' he said in the interview . ` If people find me persuasive or offensive that 's up to them , but I am comfortable in my own skin and I honestly never ask , `` How can I change myself to be more appealing to people ? '' . ' The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February 's leadership spill . It 's not the first time the Minister for Communications has graced the pages of GQ in a sharp suit . In a déjà vu inducing photo shoot and interview published by GQ in March of 2013 , the then shadow minister opened up about his rise to politics and the business moves that made him a millionaire . His exercise regime , love , marriage and the story of how he met his wife were also not out of bounds . His appearance in the high profile magazine , in which he is also interviewed about his childhood and political stance , has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes . But Mr Turnbull certainly sung a different tune when he was questioned about challenging Tony Abbott 's leadership and trying for the top job himself when questioned two years ago . When asked if he was ` resigned to never again ' lead the Liberal Party , Mr Turnbull had responded with : ` The proposition that I wo n't lead the Liberal Party again does not cause me to lose any sleep . I resolved , when I decided to stay in parliament , that I would do everything I could to give Tony a loyalty and a consistency that not all my colleagues gave me . I 've done that . ` If Tony is unsuccessful -- and I do n't think he will be -- no one will be able to say Malcolm Turnbull was anything other than supportive . '