These dramatic images show the moment an Audi pulled out of a road and deliberately crashed into the side of a bus as part of a £ 1million ` crash for cash ' scam . The elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses so passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam - could falsely claim from insurers . The crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith 45 , from Connah 's Quay , North Wales , £ 159,000 . As the pictures show , all the collisions followed similar scenarios in which a car would collide with the side of a bus , causing both minimal impact and damage . In each case , the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims . Scroll down for video . The blue Audi pulls out from Whitchurch road , in Chester and accelerates into the side of the bus . It then collides into the bus as part of the £ 1million ` crash for cash ' scam that took place over three years . The elaborate fraud allowed passengers on the bus , who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam , to falsely claim from insurers . Smith , the managing director of Swift Accident Solutions , stage-managed the crashes around the Chester area over the three-year period , in a bid to create new claimants for his business . He then personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £ 1million - to no win no fee lawyers . All of the bogus claims submitted by the Smith 's company were for whiplash and ` soft tissue injuries , ' meaning they could not be verified by the insurance companies . Instead , insurers were forced to rely on the individual claimants and usually settled out of court . John Smith -LRB- right -RRB- , 45 , from Connah 's Quay , North Wales is facing jail after stage-managing several collisions in a £ 1m ` crash for cash ' fraud ; Luke McQuillan -LRB- left -RRB- was found guilty of of conspiracy to commit fraud . Police uncovered Smith 's plot after being alerted by First Direct insurance to the unusually high volume of claims . They also found more than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another . The majority were friends or relatives of the 12 defendants , the court was told . The court heard how Smith had introduced 177 new claimants to a lawyer for which he received £ 960 each time . Investigators later found that the bogus claims accounted for more than 75 per cent of the total gross income at Swift Accident Solutions during the period . Smith was convicted yesterday at Manchester Crown Court Smith of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud , following a 41-day trial . Nine other defendants , who police said played a major role in organising the collisions , were all found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud . Four more people had already pleaded guilty to the charge , while two defendants were found not guilty . Police believe more arrests will still be made over the scam . During the trial , the court was told how Smith masterminded the scam by finding drivers who were willing to carry out a fake crash . More than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another and were mainly said to be friends and relatives of the 12 defendants . Pictured : Richard Flynn -LRB- left -RRB- and Barry Cooper -LRB- right -RRB- were both found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud following the 41-day trial at Manchester Crown Court . The drivers would then pull out at low speed , using vehicles provided by Smith , and collide with the buses . The single and double decker buses had been chosen out of ` greed ' because of the sheer number of claims that could be lodged , the court was told . Bus driver John Griffths told the court how he was caught up in one of the accidents while driving a park and ride bus towards Chester in June 2011 . He told how he broke gently when he saw the Rover car pulling out of the side road , in a bid to prevent his standing passengers from being flung along the aisle . He added : ` I could n't brake harshly because I had standing passengers , if I 'd have done that they would have gone forward , so I had to go gently . The driver of the car said it was his fault , that his foot slipped off the brake on to the accelerator . ' But he said one woman quickly reported that she ` was n't feeling well ' . He was also approached by three men , one of whom claimed he had hurt his leg on the bus steps , despite having no visible sign of injury . Nine other defendants , who police said played a major role in organising the collisions , were all found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud including Dean Brown , 42 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Barry Cooper , 35 -LRB- right -RRB- . When an ambulance was called to the scene , treatment was declined , he added . A passenger who was on the bus with his wife also told how he saw the Rover driver , at a side junction , actually looking at the bus just before to the collision . Although there was a ` minimal jolt ' , a fellow passenger was overheard exclaiming ` oh my back ' , he said . Smith was also accused of making a false representation by not declaring two outstanding county court judgments when applying for a licence to operate his claims management business . After the case Detective Inspector Simon Lonsdale from Chester CID said the force would continue to investigate the case . He said : ` This was an extremely complex investigation spanning nearly three years and involving a large number of defendants . ` It has been a challenging process for all officers involved and has required considerable professional skills in relation to the investigation and the subsequent prosecution . ` As part of our investigation conducted a significant number of interviews , to gather the required evidence to prove that Smith and his associates had stage these collisions for the sole purpose of financial gain . ` The crime that they committed was not a victimless crime , had all of the false claims created by Smith and his associates been successful we believe that the total cost would have been over £ 1 million , which would have been paid for by law abiding citizens through their car insurance policies . ' Det Con Stephen Owens added : ` The Police have a duty to protect life , and although these collisions were all minor , they could have been much more serious . ` Yet despite the fact all of the collisions were minor , with minimal damage to both vehicles , they all resulted in multiple claims for personal injury claims , with the vast majority of these claims submitted via Smiths company . The trial at Manchester Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard how the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being deliberately driven into the side of buses so ` injured ' passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives in on the scam - could falsely claim from insurers . ` Through our investigations and the evidence we have gathered , we have been able to identify a `` passenger Network '' which shows that a large proportion of the claimants can be linked to each other . This network proves that over 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions are linked to each other . ` Although the trial against these defendants has now concluded , we will continue to investigate this case and further arrests are likely . ' Other defendants found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud were : Charlotte Watts , 28 , from Wrexham ; Daniel Shaw , 27 , from Blacon , Chester ; Dean Brown , 42 , from Chester ; Luke McQuillan , 40 , from Blacon ; Michael Gentile , 45 , from Chester ; Sean Kettyle , 43 , from Ellesmere Port ; Richard Flynn , 48 , from Connah 's Quay ; Andrew Shaw , 57 , from Rodsham and Barry Cooper , 35 , from Connah 's Quay . Cooper was found not guilty on one count of conspiracy . The following defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud before the trial : Howard Christopher Taylor , 36 , of Seaforth ; Christopher John Bethell , 30 , of Eastham ; Rachel Cooper , 32 , of Great Sutton and Jason Power of Chester . David Clancy , 36 , from Connah 's Quay and Jamie Stokes , 22 , from Mold , were found not guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud .