Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said he was unfazed by his side 's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over Manchester United and all that mattered to him was achieving a positive result . The Blues , who secured victory through forward Eden Hazard 's first-half strike , held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at Stamford Bridge - their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006 . United were also able to string together over 400 more successful passes than the home side . Mourinho , though , insisted that his team 's priority was to win the game and not concern themselves with statistics . Presented with United 's dominance of possession , the Portuguese responded passionately . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about getting results . Mourinho gestures on the touchline as he watches his side beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea forward Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- dribbles with the ball ahead of Manchester Untied 's Wayne Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- . Hazard celebrates scoring the only goal against Manchester United as Chelsea edge towards the league title . ` They could have 99 -LRB- per cent -RRB- . It was no problem , ' he said . ` When you decide to play the game strategically , you do n't care about stats , you just care about the points . ' With Chelsea 's last seven league victories all coming by a single goal margin , it would be hard to argue Mourinho is anything but sincere . He continued : ` We were very well prepared for this game . We were able to make some of their important players disappear . ' Indeed , Mourinho 's bold decision to play Kurt Zouma in an enforcing midfield role really paid off to stifle United 's attack . Chelsea 's win over the Red Devils sees them extend their lead at the top of the Premier League table to 10 points . Mourinho 's men could wrap up the title as early as April 29 , should they win their next two games against Arsenal and Leicester City . Chelsea have not won the Premier League since 2010 under former boss Carlo Ancelotti , but given their lead at the top and with only six games left to go , it would take a brave man to bet against them missing out this term . Hazard , in particular , has impressed for the Blues throughout the campaign and is being hotly tipped to win the PFA Player of the Year award . Mourinho 's decision to play Kurt Zouma -LRB- right -RRB- in midfield helped Chelsea to secure a win over United . Hazard -LRB- right -RRB- jumps for the ball ahead of Untied defender Tyler Blackett -LRB- left -RRB- during the 1-0 win on Saturday .