Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas ' Business Class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves . Paddle , Pellita , Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence . The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday . Qantas have released photos of koalas in Business Class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves . The four koalas are being gifted to Singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence . Julie Bishop announced this gift on Thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures . While not actually travelling among the elite , the animals are still being treated as premium passengers in specially built containers fit with a eucalyptus tree and climate control . According to Channel News Asia , the koalas will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo . The move will then be made permanent after their enclosure is completed . Julie Bishop announced this special gift on Thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures at Brisbane 's Lone Pine Sanctuary . ` I ca n't think of a better way to express our friendship , our partnership , the depth of relationship , ' she said . Paddle , Pellita , Chan and Idalia have been sent from Brisbane 's Lone Pine Sanctuary as a gift toSingapore . The Lone Pine Sanctuary in Brisbane is the world 's biggest koala sanctuary with over 130 of the creatures . The loan symbolises the relationship between Australia and Singapore , with the official handover being in May . The koala loan aims to symbolise the relationship between Australia and Singapore and Ms Bishop will officially hand over the animals during her visit in May . The Lone Pine Sanctuary in Brisbane is the world 's first and biggest koala sanctuary and contains over 130 of the creatures . According to the Strait Times , the koalas will be able to be visited in late May , after they have undergone necessary quarantine practices and have settled into their new enclosure .