Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid 's training ground and slaughtered by Spanish media as he was blamed for the goalless draw in the Champions League . Almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base , Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid . The £ 86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on Wednesday morning , as they labelled his performance lazy and told him to ` run more ' . Scroll down for video . Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club 's training ground on Wednesday morning . It came almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white Bentley was attacked by fans . Bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by Spanish media after his one-on-one miss . It comes after Marca gave Bale just five out of 10 while AS awarded him one star , as Spanish media tore into the Welshman following his one-on-one miss at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night . Bale could have given the visitors the lead early on as he only had relatively untried goalkeeper Jan Oblak to beat , but scuppered the opportunity . Even the club 's captain and goalkeeper Iker Casillas admitted Bale 's miss was costly . ` It 's difficult to assimilate that in seven games against Atletico we did n't win one , ' said Casillas . ` If Gareth Bale scores it is a different game to what we saw . But then it was a great save . ' As well as giving him poor ratings , Marca went one further by publishing a separate damning analysis of Bale , in which they write he should have ` kept his cool ' and has a ` mental block ' . Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico and Bale 's costly miss made the front pages of the newspapers . Bale raced through for this one-on-one chance with Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak . Real Madrid 's £ 86million signing Bale missed the one-on-one chance and the game ended in a 0-0 draw . Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club 's training ground afterwards .