Whether you sprout the odd grey hair , spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free , the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere . Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair . Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired Instagrammers . Scroll down for video . Katja Wassermeyer -LRB- katja-wassermeyer-photographer.com -RRB- is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend , with eye-catching beauty image of a model with tumbling grey locks . This selfie posted by Jennica Gomez of big lips , white nails and grey hair creates a cool statement . Batalashbeauty.com posted this image on their Twitter feed showing the a model sporting grey locks . When content sharing website Bored Panda asked users to post their grey haired images online , the response was overwhelming and the page has been viewed half a million times and counting . For the younger granny trend followers , going grey takes serious effort in the beauty department , but for others it means emancipation from timely and costly hair dying regimes . Either way , the look has an air of defiant feminism . Men have always enjoyed grey emancipation - the salt and pepper look is often deemed distinguished - whereas women 's grey hair is rarely viewed in a flattering light . But whether it 's a feminist statement or a quirky fashion fad , the look has feel good factor . One user , known as angexla , uploaded this picture of grey hair and dark routes . This image posted by Suzy Q Kelly showcases the grey hair trend with dramatic makeup and white highlights . One Instagrammer @deanamelbourne posted this shot of thick grey locks online and received lots of ` likes ' from followers . Right : Ziba Simone posted this image of her cool grey hair and cute grey cat online ; Left : Jenny Ramos Diaz is proud of her grey hair and posted this 360 degree shot of her silver locks . The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier 's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models earlier this month . The statement to embrace older models and leave their natural hair untouched was applauded by fashion fans . And it 's not the first time the designer has experimented with the grey-haired look . At his Autumn/Winter 2011 show the models sported eye-catching grey beehives . Rihanna -LRB- left -RRB- went grey last year and posted this image of her silver locks on Instagram and Lady Gaga -LRB- right -RRB- has also experimented with the trend . Kelly Osborne -LRB- left -RRB- and Nicole Richie -LRB- right -RRB- have both rocked the grey hair look . Dame Judi Dench -LRB- left -RRB- and Jamie Lee Curtis -LRB- right -RRB- also let their natural tones shine through . Kelly Osborne was also an early fan of the grey hair style and stepped out with a shock of white hair back in 2012 . Since then Lady Gaga and Nicole Richie have dared to go grey as has Rihanna , who posted a silver-haired image of herself on Instagram . And Dame Judi Dench and Jamie Lee Curtis both let their natural tones shine through . Sibi Bolan , creative colour director at top hairdressers Hershesons advises thinking carefully before you try the trend at home . ` Find out what your options are and remember using your skin tone to find the right colour is key . Going grey on the Jean Paul Gaultier catwalk in Paris on March 1 . Angela Le posted this image on Bored Panda which shows dark hair dyed a stunning shade of silver . ` For the grey hair trend , option one is to slowly reduce the amount of colour and gracefully allow the grey to appear -LRB- if you are going grey naturally -RRB- and option two is to add lighter ash highlights to enhance and complement the grey tones . ` A great haircut is key to going grey so you do n't end up looking like you have given up on yourself ! ' Sibi also advises using a silver shampoo . ` It helps brighten the hair and remove yellow unflattering tones that grey hair has a tendency to do . ` Often grey hair is more dry therefore absorbs things like pollution cigarette smoke dulling down the silver fox making it look like tarnished brass . ' Grey hair with a violet hue looks stylish in this image posted by Nicoline Patricia Malina . This selfie of Stacy Smith shows grey hair can look elegant in it 's natural form . Skaiste Tylaite celebrated the grey hair trend by posting this image online of grey hair with purple tips .