A devoted father was killed when a deer crashed through the windshield of the family car as he rushed his pregnant wife to hospital for the birth of their eighth child . Michael Rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland , Wisconsin . His wife , Niki , and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old , who were also in the car , suffered minor injuries . Scroll down for video . Niki Rogan -LRB- center -RRB- and her eight children attended Mass on Sunday , just two days after the accident that killed her husband Michael . Following the service newborn Blaise was baptised . Rogan was rushing his wife to hospital for the birth of the eighth child , with all seven other children in the vehicle , when a deer hit by another car flew through their windshield . Rogan was pronounced dead at St. Joseph 's Hospital in the town of Marshfield . Niki , who managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact , gave birth a few hours later to a son , Blaise . The accident occurred when the deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown into the windshield of the van Rogan was driving . Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help + the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses . Within three days almost $ 190,000 has been raised . Rogan , 42 , was a devout churchgoer and former marine , and ran an organic seed business . Niki home-schools the children and the money will allow her to continue to do so , while also replacing the van and covering the family 's medical expenses . Rogan , originally from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , married Niki in 1998 . He was a member of St. Mary 's Oratory in Wausau , as well as the church choir and The Holy Name Society . He would go to services about three times a week . The family attended Mass on Sunday as they always do , and a baptism for Blaise was held afterwards . ` It was a very teary morning , ' Reverend Aaron Huberfeld of St. Mary 's Oratory told the Wausau Daily Herald . Niki had called Huberfield on the morning of the crash and he had rushed to the hospital to be with them . He said that the family is doing ` amazingly well ' , given the circumstances . For eight years Rogan owned and operated Arnie 's Farm Care , an organic seed and fertilizer business , which he took over from his father-in-law after he passed away . Family and friends have stepped in to keep the business going . Video courtesy WAOW .