She may be a First Daughter , but Sarah Obama is still a teenager and ca n't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike . Sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister Malia and their parents ditched the White House - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday . The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where President Barack Obama and the first family had gone . Scroll down for video . Tuning out of politics : Sasha Obama , 14 , was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia during an impromptu escape from the White House . Despite the earbuds , the teenage Sasah and her older sister Malia -LRB- right -RRB- seemed to enjoy their time outdoors with their parents . Took a hike : The Obamas abruptly left the White House for an unscheduled family nature hike on Sunday . ` Obama abruptly left the White House about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip . Destination unknown , ' tweeted Wall Street Journal reporter Byron Tau . Reporters initially seemed to fear that the unscheduled departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president 's destination as photos from the outing were soon filed . The president greeted two eager children and took a selfie with an onlooker before starting along the woody trail . The 50-minute trek concluded as a light drizzle began . Unscheduled : Reporters initially seemed to fear that the unscheduled departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president 's destination as photos from the outing were soon filed . Gorgeous ; Great Falls Park is a National Park located in Virginia , where the rugged terrain in and along the Potomac River ` offers a glimpse into the early history of this country ' The family 's brief hike happened to take place during the National Park Service 's National Park Week . On Saturday and Sunday , the few parks nationwide that charge admission -- such as Yosemite and Yellowstone -- were open to the public free of charge as part of the celebration . On Saturday , Obama spent his Saturday afternoon golfing at Joint Base Andrews . The president 's busy week ahead includes hosting Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates , and honoring the Ohio State University Buckeyes football team , the 2014 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series champions and the Super Bowl Champion New England Patriots . Reporters caught up : President Obama steps out from his vehicle as his family arrives for their Great Falls hike . President Obama , First Lady Michelle Obama -LRB- not seen -RRB- and their daughters Malia -LRB- 3rd L -RRB- and Sasha -LRB- C -RRB- return from a hike at Great Falls National Park in Virginia as rains began to fall Sunday evening . All wet : First lady Michelle Obama walks under an umbrella on return to the White House in Washington after light showers brought a family hike to a close .