You would be forgiven for thinking these colourful scenes of dancing , singing and beating drums is something straight off the streets of South America . But in actual fact it 's Wellington in New Zealand . The quaint capital city put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival -- a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . Scroll down for video . The wacky and delightful Electric Groove Rider stormed down Wellington 's Cuba Street at the weekend for the city 's inaugural CubaDupa festival -- a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . Wellington Batucada -- a community-based percussion group -- brought the flamboyant world of samba to Cuba Street with late night revellers eager to be part of the dancing street party unfolding . Wellington 's iconic and bohemian Cuba Street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities . The massive scale festival -- the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances , circus acts taking over parks , performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city . Performers dressed in outrageously outlandish costumes strolled casually through the nooks and crannies of CubaDupa just like the average-dressed tourist . CubaDupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the Cuba Street precinct , with more than 100 different performances scheduled over the weekend . The quaint capital city put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival -- a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . Performers dressed in outrageously outlandish costumes strolled casually through the nooks and crannies of CubaDupa just like the average-dressed tourist . CubaDupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the Cuba Street precinct , with more than 100 different performances scheduled over the weekend . And not even the rain could dampen the carnival spirit with thousands soaking up the party vibes along the Cuba Street precinct . As the rain started to fall on Saturday afternoon , Brazilian-style drumming group Sambatron led the crowd in an energised dance procession down the main street . The party continued with Wellington 's Cuban salsa specialists , Cuban Fusion and Cuban Quartet Calle Cuba , hosting a dance class that drew in the young and old for a large scale conga line . No one even batted an eyelid as revellers spontaneously broke out into a dance at the first sound of a beating drum or trumpet . Wellington 's iconic and bohemian Cuba Street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities . Many craned their necks to catch a glimpse of Spanish street performers Osadia creating wacky hairstyles straight out of The Hunger Games . Not even the rain could dampen the carnival spirit with thousands soaking up the party vibes along the Cuba Street precinct . The massive scale festival -- the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances , circus acts taking over parks , performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city . The punk costumed , theatrical dancers that make up the wacky and delightful Electric Groove Rider was a huge drawcard as performers made their way up and down the street in a unique pedal powered mobile sound system . A flashmob took over a circus-themed carpark with children and even the elderly invited to take part as they performed a hilarious mashup of the Kiwi classic Poi E and Michael Jackson 's Thriller . Wellington Batucada -- a community-based percussion group -- brought the flamboyant world of samba to Cuba Street with late night revellers eager to be part of the dancing street party that quickly unfolded . But it was n't just the musical and dance performances that had everyone on their feet . Many craned their necks to catch a glimpse of Spanish street performers Osadia creating wacky hairstyles straight out of The Hunger Games . Various performers took to Wellington 's Cuba Street in an array of culture and colour over Saturday and Sunday . Unicorn Roxy Coervers and princess Courtney L'Amour were among the festival-goers dressed to impress . Culture was at the heart of CubaDupa with traditional dances and costumes a highlight of the event . Circus acts twirled from suspending ropes and hoops in what would have been just a regular carpark on any other day . Cuba Street is regularly a hub for entertainment and food , so it 's no wonder the varying eclectic tastes were on show in true street festival style . Wellington is said to have more bars , restaurants and cafes per capita than New York -- and they were certainly out in force during CubaDupa . More than 60 vendors were on hand on Saturday to serve food on the street , with many eateries setting up stalls outside their shops to draw people in . On Sunday , Cuba Street was transformed into a massive outdoor café with resident eateries including Scopa , Ombra and Mattherhorn setting up tables on the street for the hungry festival-goers . CubaDupa , which is a retake on the former Cuba Street Carnival , is said to have cost about $ 500,000 to put on and will be funded for the next five years . Daily Mail Australia was at CubaDupa as a guest of Positively Wellington Tourism . Spanish street performers Osadia were busy creating wacky hairstyles straight out of The Hunger Games . Cuba Street is regularly a hub for entertainment and food , so it 's no wonder the varying eclectic tastes were on show in true street festival style . Musical and dance performances had everyone on their feet for the city 's inaugural CubaDupa festival .