With the increasing pressure of modern life , more and more women in their 30s and 40s are suffering stress spots as well as wrinkles . But now help is at hand on the high street with a cream that claims to tackle spots while also fighting the signs of ageing . Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments -- as well as those for anti-ageing . Scroll down for video . Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments -- as well as those for anti-ageing . A poll of 2,000 women in their 30s , 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood . One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin . One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin . And experts say that growing stress levels are a key factor . Stress makes the adrenal glands release male hormones , which then trigger more oil production , blocking pores . The Superdrug range , Clearly Youthful , starts at £ 5.99 and it is believed the range is the first of its kind on the high street . Clinique has a blemish range but this does not include a full regime of anti-ageing products , while brands such as Murad , which has focused on anti-ageing , are pricier with £ 49 for a moisturiser . Jill Flood , of Superdrug , said the Clearly Youthful range is inexpensive compared to high-end versions and the products provide a two-in-one solution . She said : ` The general assumption is that we suffer the most problematic skin in our teens -- but we know that for today 's woman this simply is n't true . Most women will have some type of skin complaint well after their teenage years . ` The rise of candid images of celebrities being shared has certainly shown that the average woman is not alone in having bad skin days , when even Kate Moss is pictured with blemishes it shows that the problem is universal . ' Dermatologist Dr Michael Prager believes hormones and diet are also to blame . He said : ` I get a lot of women coming along and saying , `` I never used to get spots but now I 'm getting them '' . '