A lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss , possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle , but should you take iron pills to treat it ? ` This is a bit of a moot point , ' says Dr Vicky Jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the Royal London Hospital and a specialist in hair loss . ` There is published evidence for and against it . All I can say is that in my practice I see lots of girls with low ferritin levels -LSB- stored iron rather than iron in your blood -RSB- , who shed hair and stop shedding once you correct the ferritin level . ' Meal : Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong , healthy hair , as hair consists of protein , experts say . Sally-Ann Tarver , a former president of the Trichological Society now based at The Cotswold Trichology Centre , recommends Florisene pills -LRB- £ 15.95 , lambertshealthcare.co.uk -RRB- , which contain iron , because these do n't seem to cause the digestive irritation linked to standard pills . But Professor Andrew Messenger , a consultant dermatologist at the Royal Hallamshire Hospital in Sheffield , says that while there are many supplements claiming to help promote hair growth , very few have strong evidence to support them . Two years ago , a clinical trial looked into the efficacy of the supplement Viviscal -LRB- £ 29.99 , Boots -RRB- . The study involved 63 women : 33 took the supplement , 30 a placebo . After six months , the hairs in those taking the supplement had increased in width by an average of 7 per cent compared with the placebo group , which were unchanged . However , Professor Messenger remains unconvinced . ` As far as I am aware , this study has not yet been published in a peer-reviewed journal and did not appear to look at other parameters , such as hair density , ' he says . ` Whether a 7 per cent increase in hair diameter can be reliably measured is doubtful , as is whether it is clinically significant . ' Research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements . It might be worth checking your protein intake . As Philip Kingsley , a trichologist , explains : ` Hair consists of protein , so eating sufficient protein is vital to strong , healthy hair . ' He suggests having protein at every meal . A good diet including protein is certainly important , says Dr Jolliffe . She points to the fact that those with anorexia or a very low BMI suffer from hair loss . ` However , I am not sure I can justify saying you need to eat protein at every meal , ' she says . There is some evidence that an amino acid -LRB- or protein building block -RRB- called l-lysine may play a role in hair loss . A review published in the Journal of Clinical and Experimental Dermatology found that women with increased hair-shedding responded well to l-lysine and iron supplements -LRB- l-lysine is thought to help the body to absorb iron -RRB- . L-lysine is found in particularly large concentrations in poultry and fish , but it is also in smaller amounts in soy and eggs . However , supplements or dietary changes wo n't pay dividends overnight . ` It usually takes more than two months for the hair follicles to begin to benefit from dietary changes and as hair only grows half an inch a month , it may take as long as six months before you begin to notice any changes , ' says Philip Kingsley . ` But stick with it because perseverance pays off . ' The caffeine in Alpecin caffeine liquid hair energiser -LRB- £ 7.49 for 200 ml , from chemists -RRB- is said to stimulate weakened hair roots . But does it work ? Professor Andrew Messenger says that a study published last year shows caffeine can stimulate human hair growth in vitro , ie in a test tube . There have also been studies showing caffeine is absorbed quickly through hair follicles , suggesting it could be active when used in a shampoo formulation . What is lacking is good clinical trial data showing an effect in vivo , ie in people , he says . ` Interestingly , minoxidil , which does prevent hair loss in men , has no effect on hairs growing in a test tube , but does in vivo . '