Wesley Sneijder has apologised after unwittingly launching his knife range in Galatasaray colours on the 15th anniversary of two Leeds United supporters being stabbed to death in Istanbul . Leeds fans , Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus , were killed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg against Galatasaray in Taksim Square , Istanbul , on April 5 , 2000 . A minute 's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday , but Sneijder tweeted on the morning of the Championship match : ` Finally my GalatasaraySK knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere . ' Galatasaray striker Wesley Sneijder tweeted this advertisement for his knife range on Saturday morning . Sneijder launched his knife set online via Dutch firm Senvi which are available for £ 22 . Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the ill-timed endorsement . Sneijder : ` Very sorry . I did n't know this and deleted our promotion for the merchandise kitchen item . #Respect ' The striker later deleted the tweet and apologised as one fan @Leedsu1Ross wrote back : '15 years ago 2 Leeds fans went to Istanbul to support their team & never returned . RIP Chris & Kev . Knives are for cowards . ' Sneijder replied : ` Very sorry . I did n't know this and deleted our promotion for the merchandise kitchen item . #Respect . ' Turkish supporter Ali Umit Demir was jailed for 15 years for the deaths of Loftus and Speight , while four other men were sent to prison for their part in the attack . A Leeds spokesman said : ` It would be disappointing to see this on any day but especially this weekend when we have a number of tributes planned out of respect for the fans who went to watch their team and never came home . ' As well as the minute 's silence , fans are planning to hold photographs of Loftus and Speight to mark the 15th anniversary since their deaths . This video grab shows one Leeds fan being led away by Turkish police in Istanbul on April 5 , 2000 . Another fan is led away on the controversial night ahead of the 2000 UEFA Cup semi-final first leg in Istanbul . These Daily Mail front pages from April 6 -LRB- left -RRB- and April 7 -LRB- right -RRB- show how we reacted to the horrible news . Fans mark the 15th anniversary of the death of the two fans who were murdered . Leeds fans hold up pictures of Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus on the 15th anniversary of their death .