The National Rifle Association gathered on Saturday to condemn Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton as ` elitists ' who will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape America into an America that you and I will not even recognize ' . In the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , CEO Wayne LaPierre celebrated the Republican majority in the U.S. Senate as evidence of the group 's political clout . But he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts . The motto of the convention in Nashville this weekend is : ` If they can ban one , they can ban them all . ' National Rifle Association members hold hands during the opening prayer at the annual meeting of members at the NRA convention Saturday April 11 in Nashville , Tennessee . LaPierre declared that nobody ` should be forced to face evil with bare hands ' as he called Congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state . Alongside Chris Cox , the head of the NRA 's lobbying arm , he painted a bleak picture of the state of the country and the dangers to gun rights presented by the last 650 days of Obama 's presidency . ` There 's no telling how far President Obama will go to dismantle our freedoms and reshape America into an America that you and I will not even recognize , ' LaPierre said . ` And when he 's finished he intends to go out with a coronation of Hillary Rodham Clinton . ' Clinton is expected to announce the launch of her bid for the Democratic nomination for president on Sunday . Cox said Clinton would make Obama ` look like an amateur ' when it comes to gun control . ` Think about it : Hillary Clinton as president of the United States until 2025 , ' Cox said . ` Scared yet ? ' Meanwhile , a few hundred NRA protesters gathered in a park along the nearby Cumberland River . Shannon Watts , the founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America , criticized what she called LaPierre 's ` fear-mongering rhetoric . ' The NRA 's goal , Watts said , is : ` Guns for anyone , anywhere , anytime - no questions asked . ' Warning : Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts . Chris Cox , executive director of the Institute for Legislative Action , targeted Hillary Clinton 's presidential bid as he warned ` elitist ' Democrats are trying to ` reshape America ' Back at the NRA meeting , the group 's president , Jim Porter , criticized politicians and the media on gun rights , a common refrain throughout speeches at the convention . ` They think that they 're better and smarter than we are , as if they 're more sophisticated and intellectually evolved than we are , ' Porter said . ` When it comes to those elitists , looking down their noses and telling us how to live , it 's time they got the message loud and clear , ' he said . ` You elitists live however your want , but when it comes to us , get your hands off our freedom and leave us the hell alone . ' On Friday , the NRA hosted a series of speeches from potential Republican presidential candidates , including former Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida ; Govs. Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana ; Sen. Ted Cruz and former Gov. Rick Perry of Texas ; former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas ; Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina ; and neurosurgeon Ben Carson . The NRA 's Cox told members on Saturday that the group has a multi-pronged approach to opposing gun-control advocates . ` We 'll fight you in the courts , we 'll fight you in the legislatures and we 'll fight you on Election Day , ' he said .