Gary Cahill has spoken of the demands of maintaining a title challenge as he looks to secure his first ever Premier League winners medal with Chelsea this season . Cahill has won four cups with the Stamford Bridge outfit since joining in January 2012 , including the Champions League , but the England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet . ` What I 've won already at Chelsea has been fantastic but we all know in cups , you play the game and do n't see the next one for a month or so , ' Cahill said in an interview with Soccer Saturday . Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea since joining the club in January 2012 . Cahill -LRB- centre -RRB- hoists the Champions League trophy aloft after Chelsea 's 2012 victory . Cahill spoke of the difference in challenging for the Premier League compared to cup competitions . ` You prepare differently . With the Premier League you 're coming day-to-day , working hard a whole season , all the way through , keeping fit and doing everything you possibly can do . ` In terms of that , the reward is massive and when it is in touching distance of you , for me personally it would be amazing . ' Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season , when they finished third , which has caused them to develop a more clinical touch to their performances . Three defeats from March 15 - April 19 in the league last year derailed any title hopes . Losses to Aston Villa and Crystal Palace on their travels were compounded when Sunderland inflicted Jose Mourinho 's first home Premier league defeat upon him in 78 games . Cahill believes that Jose Mourinho 's side learnt some difficult lessons during last season in the league . Cahill -LRB- right -RRB- will be back in action when Chelsea host Manchester United on Saturday in the league . ` We are more ruthless , I think we learnt a lot from last season in terms of games that people expected us to perform better in or win , ' Cahill said . ` We lost a good few points last year against teams we should be beating and I think that stuck in our heads . ' Chelsea can move three points nearer to their fourth Premier League trophy with three points against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .