UEFA have sensationally charged Pep Guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer 's World Cup . Argentine Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July . Guardiola was sporting the top - which read ` #JusticiaParaTopo ' - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League . The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopez 's death . UEFA have charged Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola after he wore this t-shirt in a press conference . Guardiola wore the top demanding justice for Jorge ` El Topo ' Lopez who died in a car crash at the World Cup . UEFA say Guardiola has been disciplined because of an ` incident of a non-sporting nature ' Jorge ` El Topo ' Lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car . Lopez was killed when a taxi he was traveling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car being chased by police . UEFA revealed that the Spanish manager had been disciplined because of an ` incident of a non-sporting nature ' , in a move likely to cause public outcry . The European governing body 's disciplinary regulations read : ` A breach of these principles is committed by anyone who uses sporting events for manifestations of a non-sporting nature . ' They are to review the case on May 21 . On wearing the shirt , Guardiola said : ` Last week , the family has given me the T-shirt . I woke up this morning and knew that I would put it . ' Lopez was a highly regarded journalist in South America and his passing drew huge outpouring from the very top of the game . Last year Atletico Madrid boss and former Argentina midfielder Diego Simeone tweeted that Lopez was ` not only a great journalist ' but ` also a friend ' after hearing of the news . Lionel Messi dedicated Argentina 's World Cup semi-final win to the 38-year-old , who died in Sao Paolo . FIFA , Diego Simeone and Javier Mascherano have also paid tribute to Lopez -LRB- pictured with Alfredo de Stefano -RRB- . Jorge ` El Topo ' Lopez was working for La Red Radio at the World Cup in Brazil , as well as Ole and Spanish publications AS and Sport . Married to Marca 's Argentina correspondent , Veronica Brunatti , López was well connected in Spain , where he arrived to follow the career of Javier Saviola in 2001 . Saviola and Topo Lopez remained close friends and he was Ole 's correspondent in Barcelona , a newspaper he had worked with since its launch . He had worked as a journalist for two decades , covering River Plate and Argentina for Ole while collaborating with Spanish daily Sport while spending time back in Buenos Aires . In 2010 he became AS 's correspondent in Argentina was the journalist closest to Lionel Messi and the many of his team-mates . Lionel Messi also dedicated Argentina 's World Cup semi-final win to the 38-year-old . ` Big hug to all the Argentina fans and a very special memory for Jorge `` Topo '' Lopez , ' wrote Messi after their penalties victory against Germany . ` This victory is especially for you , my friend . A big hug to the family , lots of strength . ' Earlier this month Javier Mascherano devoted the launch of his new book to Lopez , while he and Messi were both pictured holding placards with the message on late last year . So too did legend Diego Maradona . Both Barcelona and Atletico Madrid have posed in front of a board during team photographs . FIFA also paid tribute to the journalist , with head of media Delia Fischer saying they ` would like to send our sincerest condolences to the family , colleagues and friends of Argentine journalist , Jorge Lopez ' . Barcelona and Atletico Madrid players line up in front of a #JusticiaParaTopo sign before a game in January . Diego Forlan holds up a sign demanding justice for the journalist who died in a car crash in Brazil .