A newborn baby girl who was found dead inside a garbage can outside an Ohio sorority house last week was born alive and then suffocated , according to the coroner . A preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby found at Muskingum University campus was nearly full term when she was born , NBC4 reported . The child 's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord , authorities said last week , but they have refused to release her name . Scroll down for video . Found : A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house , pictured , at Muskingum University last Wednesday . It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born . They interviewed her after the child 's body was found on Wednesday night outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house on Lakeside Drive . No charges have been filed . A University police officer called the sheriff 's office at around 9 pm on Wednesday after he reported seeing a dead newborn outside the building . The body was inside a plastic bag in the garbage can , according to reports . It 's the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at the school , The Times Reporter noted . Jennifer Bryant , then 22 , was arrested on involuntary manslaughter and other charges in 2002 after she gave birth to a baby boy in her campus apartment and then put him in the trash . He later died . Bryant , who was a student at the school , pleaded guilty and was sentenced in to three years in prison in 2003 , but she was released after seven months . Tragic : It is the second time an abandoned baby has died at the university campus in eastern Ohio . In 2002 , the body of a baby boy was found in a dumpster and his mother served seven months in prison . Ohio has a Safe Haven Law that 's been in place since 2001 allowing mothers of newborns to anonymously leave their child at a hospital or fire station . The newborn is then placed with child services and hopefully then put in a loving home . As long as the newborn shows no sign of abuse or neglect then the mother does not face any legal charges . Muskingum University , which is about 70 miles east of Columbus , has 3,000 students . See below for video .