Two strange , bright flashes on the surface of dwarf planet Ceres may have different origins , according to new infrared images released by Nasa . The images , captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles -LRB- 45,000 km -RRB- away , show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties . The images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres , showing variations in surface materials , and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it . Scroll down for video . Ceres may appear to be a drab , grey world , but new infrared images suggest there is more to the dwarf planet than first thought . The latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active . Images taken using blue -LRB- 440 nanometers -RRB- , green -LRB- 550 nanometers -RRB- and infrared -LRB- 920 nanometers -RRB- spectral filters were combined to create the map . ` This dwarf planet was not just an inert rock throughout its history . It was active , with processes that resulted in different materials in different regions , ' said Chris Russell from the University of California , Los Angeles . The ` alien ' spots on the surface , named feature 1 and feature 5 , show up in visible light images as bright flashes in comparison to the rest of Ceres 's surface . In infrared , region 1 is cooler than rest of surface , but 5 is located in a region that is similar in temperature to surroundings . Last month , scientists said this pair of mysterious bright spots could be towering ` water volcanoes ' , but they said they need to take a closer look to confirm this . Federico Tosi , who works on Dawn 's Visible and Infrared Spectrometer , presented infrared images of the two spots , measuring their thermal properties . ` What we have found is that bright spot number one corresponds to a dark spot in the thermal image , ' he said at a press conference today . Captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles -LRB- 45,000 km -RRB- away , the images reveal that two mysterious bright flashes on the surface have different thermal properties . The upper trio is Region 1 at visible , infrared and thermal infrared wavelengths . At thermal infrared , the spot is dark - meaning it is colder than its surroundings . The lower trio represent Region 5 . In thermal infrared , the spot disappears . Dawn observed Ceres completing one full rotation , which lasted about nine hours . The images show the full range of different crater shapes that can be found at Ceres ' surface : from shallow , flattish craters to those with peaks at their centers . Ceres is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . Ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ` dwarf planet ' . Scientists think Ceres may have an ocean and possibly an atmosphere . It lies less than three times as far as Earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star allowing ice to melt and reform . The Dawn spacecraft pulled into orbit last month around the Ceres in the asteroid belt . The probe is currently on the dark side of Ceres and wo n't emerge until April . There is high interest in the mission because Ceres is one possible destination for human colonisation given its abundance of ice . But feature five , which appears as two separate bright spots next to each other in visible images , did n't show up in the infrared images . ` Spot number five shows no distinct thermal behaviour , ' he said . Dawn is currently too far from its target to find out why this is the case , the scientists added . It may be due to having a different structure , or being made from different material . More detail will emerge after the spacecraft begins its first intensive science phase on April 23 , from a distance of 8,400 miles -LRB- 13,500 km -RRB- from the surface , said Martin Hoffmann , investigator on the Dawn camera team . The origins of Ceres ' bright spots , which have captivated the attention of scientists and the public alike , remain unknown . ` The bright spots continue to fascinate the science team , but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source , ' Russell said . Recent images from the Dawn spacecraft reveal feature 5 at various angles as the asteroid rotates . The glimmers of light are visible even when they are near the edge of Ceres , suggesting that they must be high above the surface rather than at the bottom of an impact crater , as previously believed . ` What is amazing is that you can see the feature while the rim is still in the line of sight , ' said Andreas Nathues , a planetary scientist at the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Göttingen , Germany . Ceres rotates in this sped-up movie comprised of images taken by Nasa 's Dawn mission during its approach to the dwarf planet . The glimmers of light are visible even when they are near the edge of Ceres , suggesting that are on a high elevation in relation to the rest of the surface . The ` alien ' mark can be clearly seen in images the icy world as the Dawn probe hurtled its way towards a rendezvous on March 6 . He noted that at dawn on Ceres , the spots shine brightly , but fade as dusk draws in . According to Nature , this could mean sunlight plays an important role in the formation of the features by , for instance , heating up ice just beneath the surface and causing it blast of in a plume . Scientists have speculated that the interior of Ceres is rocky with a layer of water and ice . The leading theory now for the alien spots is that the ice is covered by a thin layer of soil that at times forms into huge ` cryovolcanoes ' due to internal pressure in the asteroid . Ceres is 590 miles -LRB- 950 km -RRB- across and was discovered in 1801 . In January , researchers discovered that water was gushing from its surface at a rate of 13 lb -LRB- 6 kg -RRB- per second . ` Now , finally , we have a spacecraft on the verge of unveiling this mysterious , alien world , ' Dawn mission director and chief engineer Marc Rayman , of Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California said . ` Soon it will reveal myriad secrets Ceres has held since the dawn of the solar system . ' Ceres is the bright spot in the centre of the image . Because the dwarf planet is much brighter than the stars in the background , the camera team selected a long exposure time to make the stars visible . The long exposure made Ceres appear overexposed , and exaggerated its size A cropped , magnified view of Ceres appears in the inset image at lower left . Dawn will be captured into Ceres ' orbit in March , marking the first visit to a dwarf planet by a spacecraft -LRB- artist 's impression pictured -RRB- . Ceres orbits the sun in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter and is very similar to Jupiter 's moon Europa and Saturn 's moon Enceladus - both considered potential sources for harbouring life . The presence and abundance of water in bodies like Ceres could have relevance for the origin of life on Earth and the large-scale migration of planets such as Jupiter . One scenario suggests as the giant planets migrated they disturbed populations of small rocky and icy asteroids and comets which hit the early Earth and Moon - delivering organic molecules and water to Earth . Ceres is twice the size of Saturn 's geyser-spouting moon Enceladus which is suspected of having liquid water beneath its surface . It lies less than three times as far as Earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star allowing ice to melt and reform . Since launching in 2007 , Dawn has already visited Vesta , a giant protoplanet currently located 104 million miles -LRB- 168 million km -RRB- away from Ceres . The distance between Vesta and Ceres is greater than the distance between the Earth and the sun . During its 14 months in orbit around Vesta , the spacecraft delivered unprecedented scientific insights , including images of its cratered surface and important clues about its geological history . Vesta and Ceres are the two most massive bodies in the main asteroid belt . Ceres is 590 miles -LRB- 950 km -RRB- across and was discovered in 1801 . In January , researchers discovered that water was gushing from its surface .