A lost iPhone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman 's Facebook page in a bid to track her down . The phone , which belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne , was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning . Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on Bella 's Facebook page . Officers from Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border posted selfies on a woman 's Facebook page saying she could come and collect her phone after it was handed in on Sunday morning . ` You should probably put a password on your phone , ' a status post read alongside a selfie of a police officer . ` When you are ready to pick it up it will be at Albury police station . ' Bella lost her phone at a friend 's birthday party the night before and dialled her number as soon as she realised . ` A security guard picked up and said he 'd leave it at the police station . I did n't get there until 1 pm and had no idea what had been going on , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . By the time Bella made it to the police station , the original post had already garnered a humorous response from her friends and officers . The phone belonged to Bella Crooke who lost it at a friend 's birthday party on Saturday night . Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and puns on the woman 's Facebook page , including this photo of the phone in a holding ` cell ' While waiting for Bella to collect her phone , police had used the time to post a picture of the handset in a holding cell and to reassure the owner that it was in safe hands . `` If your worried about the battery going flat , do n't . By the time you pick it up it will be fully ` charged ' , ' the post read . ` It is a great ` cell ' phone , '' another post read . A few hours later police added : ` The phone is still here . Ready to be released early for good behaviour . Just waiting on Bella to post bail . ' Bella said she did n't even have to give her name when she eventually reclaimed her phone . The post was quickly shared by the woman 's friends who labelled police ` legends ' for their unusual approach to tracking down the phone 's owner . Bella said she did n't even have to give her name when she eventually reclaimed her phone because officers recognised her from her Facebook page . ` They just recognised me . A few people popped their heads out and said ` Is that the girl with the phone ? ' , ' she said . ` They asked me I had seen Facebook , which I had n't . I think they 'd been waiting for me to come in all morning . ` He made me check it in front of me ... to see my reaction . ` I could n't stop laughing . The police were texting my friends back on my behalf with the same kind of humour . ' Bella has since put a password on her phone . ` It 's good humour and I 'm just glad I got my phone back . Thank you to the boys in blue for returning the phone and having a good sense of humour . ' A few hours later police confirmed the phone had not been claimed . Police even took to replying to text messages sent by friends asking if she had her phone back .