Hundreds of explorers , theorists and fantasists have spent their lives searching for the infamous ` big-foot ' . But a leading geneticist believes he has found evidence to prove that it - or rather she - could have been more than a myth . Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana who lived in 19th Century Russia - and appeared to be ` half human , half ape ' - could have been the fabled yeti . Witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman discovered in the Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal ' - and covered in thick auburn hair . Scroll down for video . Historic : A leading genetecist claims a towering woman named Zana -LRB- artist 's representation -RRB- who lived in 19th Century Russia - and appeared to be ` half human , half ape ' - could have been the fabled yeti . Proof : DNA evidence from Zana 's granddaughter -LRB- left -RRB- and the remains of her son Khwit -LRB- right -RRB- seemed proved that Zana was of African descent even though she lived in the wild Caucusus . Wild : Zana was discovered and trapped by a local merchant who hired a group of hunters to hunt her down in the region of Ochamchir - and she was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in Tkhina . Treacherous : It is thought Zana roamed the remote Caucusus mountains , where Sykes says her African ancestors lived for many generations . Trapped : A merchant found Zana in the Ochamchir region of western Georgia and after hunters caught her , they placed her in a ditch surrounded by sharp spikes . Mythical : Witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal ' -LRB- fabled ` big-foot ' pictured -RRB- . Experts believe the wandering ` Wild Woman ' was found lurking in the remote region of Ochamchir in the Republic of Abkhazia . She was captured by a local merchant in the 1850s who hired a group of hunters to subdue and shackle her in the mountainous terrain . Professor Sykes claims Zana was kept in a ` ditch surrounded by sharpened spikes ' and sold from owner to owner until she came to serve nobleman Edgi Genaba as a servant . Famously known as the ape woman , Zana had at least four children by local men and some of her descendants still live in the region , the Times reported . Sykes made an astonishing discovery when he carried out saliva tests on six of her living relatives and the tooth of her deceased son Khwit . The DNA analysis revealed that they all contained the right amount of African DNA for Zana the ape woman to be ' 100 per cent African ' but remarkably she did not resemble any known group . Discovery : Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford analysed the DNA of her living relatives in the Caucuses region and found west-African genes . Myth ? The first accounts of the Yeti emerged before the 19th century from Buddhists who believed that the creature inhabited the Himalayas . Her resemblance was that of a wild beast - ` the most frightening feature of which was her expression which was pure animal , ' one Russian zoologist wrote in 1996 . The man who organised various eyewitness accounts of Zana wrote : ` Her athletic power was enormous . Evidence : In his book ` Nature of the Best ' , Sykes argues that Zana could be the yeti . She would outrun a horse and swim across the Moskva river even when it rose in violent high tide . ' Some have argued that she was a runaway Ottoman slave but Professor Sykes says her ` unparalleled DNA ' refutes that theory . He believes her ancestors came out of Africa over 100,000 years ago and lived in the remote Caucasus for many generations . Zana was eventually ` tamed ' by the nobleman who bought her as a servant and kept her on his estate in Tkhina in the Republic of Abkhazia . Accounts from the time claim she was incredibly muscular , slept outdoors and ran around naked until she died on the estate in 1890 . Some of his colleagues doubt his other findings - which include a claim that an unknown species of bear might account for yeti sightings in Bhutan . Despite the lack of hard proof from the analysis of the alleged ` yeti hairs ' , he says he has developed a strong sense that ` something is out there ' after speaking to dozens of witnesses . Professor Sykes could not say if the yeti , bigfoot or the Russian almasty is the best candidate for a surviving race of human ` apemen ' . He said : ` Bigfoot has many more people trying to find it . But I suppose either the yeti or the alma / almasty , which live in inaccessible and very thinly populated regions , is the most likely . ' The first accounts of Yetis emerged before the 19th century from Buddhists who believed that the creature inhabited the Himalayas . They depicted the mysterious beast as having similarities to an ape and carrying a large stone as a weapon while making a whistling sound . In 1832 , an explorer who had his account of trekking in Nepal published in the Journal of the Asiatic Society of Bengal spoke of seeing tall , bipedal creature covered with long dark hair , which seemed to flee in fear . The term Abominable Snowman was developed in 1921 following a book by Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Howard-Bury called Mount Everest The Reconnaissance . Popular interest in creature gathered pace in early 20th century as tourists began making their own trips to the region to try and capture the Yeti . They reported seeing strange markings in the snow . Mystical : Hundreds of explorers , theorists and fantasists have spent their lives searching for the infamous ` big-foot ' The Daily Mail led a trip called the the Snowman Expedition in 1954 to Everest . During the trip mountaineering leader John Angelo Jackson photographed ancient paintings of Yetis and large footprints in the snow . A number of hair samples were also found that were believed to have come from a Yeti scalp . British mountaineer Don Whillans claimed to have witnessed a creature when scaling Annapurna in 1970 . He said that while searching for a campsite he heard some odd cries which his guide attributed to a Yeti 's call . That night , he saw a dark shape moving near his camp . In recent times , there have been more reported Yeti sightings and at a conference in Russia in 2011 , scientists declared they were 95 per cent certain of the existence of Yetis . In 2013 , a scientist claimed that the Yeti was a distant relative of the polar bear , which is thought to have died out more than 40,000 years ago . But researchers have shown that the two hair samples analysed actually originated from a modern polar bear , and a type of rare bear native to the high mountain ranges .