Avalanches and death-defying runs were too tame for one daredevil who decided to take extreme skiing to a whole new level by hitting the slopes on an active volcano . Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia while his friend Fredrik Schenholm photographed his exploits . The adventure photographer looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes , while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him . Scroll down for video . Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar Hübinette flew down the icy slopes , while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him . Fredrik said : ` It was mindblowing to see the snow mix with the lava . ` The heat and cold at the same time was incredible . ` The air temperature was around -25 C -LRB- -13 F -RRB- and the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000 C -LRB- 1832F -RRB- . ` Seeing the contrast of the black and red lava to the white snow was like gold to my eyes , and to my camera . ' Amazing photographs show Oscar silhouetted in front of the still erupting Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia . ` Seeing the contrast of the black and red lava to the white snow was like gold to my eyes , and to my camera . ' Fredrik said . After lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012 . During the eruption , which lasted more than six months , it regularly emits jets of burning hot lava up to 656 feet high . After lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012 . During the eruption , which lasted more than six months , it regularly emits jets of burning hot lava up to 656 feet -LRB- 200m -RRB- high . The Kamchatka Peninsula is a 780 mile -LRB- 1,250 km -RRB- long peninsula in the Russian Far East . Tolbachick is one of 160 volcanoes on the island , 29 of which are still active . The Kamchatka Peninsula is a 780 mile -LRB- 1,250 km -RRB- long peninsula in the Russian Far East . Tolbachik is one of 160 volcanoes on the island , 29 of which are still active . Fredrik added : ` The volcano was very active until the summer of last year . ` It is still active . At this time no lava is coming out of it but that could change at any minute . ' The photographer admitted he has been chasing shots of skiers on volcanoes for several years and said he was thrilled to finally capture the image to perfectly contrast the hot and cold conditions . He said : ` It was a bit unreal seeing Oscar skiing near the lava . ` I was chasing this image for around five years and have tried , unsuccessfully , at many active volcanoes in South America , North America , Europe and Asia - but things always stopped me . ` Bad weather often reduced the visibility , eruptions are obviously very unpredictable and skiers were n't always around . ` So to finally get the view of Oscar skiing in front of the eruption was a big deal for me - it really was beautiful . After lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012 , spewing lava down the mountainside . The air temperature surrounding the volcano was around -25 C while the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000 C . ` The first thing I did when I got the shot was to scream to Oscar ` We got it ! ' . ` After that I looked at the display more closely and saw that the composition was really good - Oscar made a really nice turn as I took the shot . ` The lava looked great from the volcano and I had the feeling of perfection which is always a good feeling . ' Fredrik said he was fully aware of the dangers of taking such dramatic shots , especially when lava was still flowing from the volcano . ` Seeing the contrast of the black and red lava to the white snow was like gold to my eyes , and to my camera , ' Fredrik said . He said : ` Oscar was very brave for doing this - it goes without saying that being on active volcanoes is incredibly dangerous . ` We did wake up one night when the lava flow changed direction and started to flow just 100m -LRB- 109 yards -RRB- from our tent . ` Things can go wild any time , but Tolbachik was pretty much under control and we did feel safe . '