Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp . Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy 's winner - either side of Charlie Adam 's 65-yard strike - in Saturday 's 2-1 win over Stoke which saw the Blues take a seven-point lead at the top of the standings . Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games and Hazard is optimistic Chelsea will win a first Premier League title in five years . Chelsea playmaker Eden Hazard insists his side are close to getting their hands on the Premier League title . Hazard jumps in the air to celebrate his goal during the hard-fought win over Stoke City in west London . Hazard told Chelsea TV : ` We are confident . We are first in the league and we take game after game . We have the title in our hands . We want to bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge . ' Hazard felt Chelsea 's win could have been more convincing . ` In the first half we created a lot of chances , ' he added . ` We played beautiful football and OK , we scored just one goal , but we deserved to score three or four . The Belgian international gave Chelsea the lead from the spot and made no mistake against Asmir Begovic . ` The most important thing was the victory and we did very well till the end . ' Remy 's strike came after Diego Costa had come on as a half-time substitute before going off with a recurrence of his hamstring problem 11 minutes later . Hazard has backed Remy , who could be given an extended run in Costa 's anticipated absence , to keep on scoring after the France striker 's second winner in successive games . ` He can score every time when he 's on the pitch . This guy deserves to score a lot of goals , ' Hazard said . Loic Remy finishes to put Chelsea back in front after a mistake by Stoke City keeper Begovic . The Belgium playmaker dazzled at times against Stoke , but the game 's highlight was Adam 's audacious lob of Thibaut Courtois from well inside his own half . Chelsea felt aggrieved Hazard had not been awarded a foul before Adam drilled the ball into the home net . In hindsight , and with victory secured , Hazard joked he was happy referee Jonathan Moss had not blown his whistle as , had a foul been given , Adam 's goal would never have happened . ` I was on the floor . I did n't see the goal , ' Hazard said . ` I 'm happy the referee did n't whistle because the goal was fantastic . '