Prince William , dutiful fellow that he is , has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave . God willing , his wife the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days ' time , at which point the Prince , having been excused from training with East Anglia Air Ambulance , will roll up the sleeves of his Viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies , exhausted , on her maternity hospital bed : ` O duchess of my dreams , I am at your beck and call , coiled like a watchspring to hold milk bottles and change nappies until the first week of June ' . Six weeks ! Some of you may find this sweet . You will look at the earnest young Duke of C , with his well-meaning smile and that receding hairline -LRB- join the club , sir -RRB- , and you may think : ` There goes a properly modern man ; what a fine example he sets to the rising generation . ' Scroll down for video . ` He may be a prince of the realm , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood , ' says Quentin Letts of Prince William 's six weeks ' paternity leave . You will toast him in whatever it is that you spongy egalitarians use for toasts -- some form of low-calorie herbal infusion , perhaps -- and you may even allow yourselves a small ` ahhh ' of sentimentalism . How lovely , you will say , that the next-but-heir to the throne is in tune with metropolitan sensibilities , alive to the rip-tides of 21st-century cultural politics . He may be a prince of the realm , surrounded by hot-and-cold-running flunkeys , cocooned by the coroneted appurtenances of royal life , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood . How unlike his father , the fogeyish Prince Charles -- who at the time of his engagement to Diana , when asked if he was in love , gave a sighing , unromantic answer which included the throwaway phrase ` whatever `` in love '' means ' . Unlike his mouldering Pop , Wills accepts -- embraces ! -- the mundane and sometimes stinky burdens of early parenthood . And so , for the next six weeks , and possibly beyond , the Prince will be on domestic parade , quivering to attention at the nursery door somewhere deep inside their stately home , Anmer Hall , in Norfolk , like a guardsman doing sentry duty outside St James 's Palace . HRH New Dad , in his nursemaid 's pinny , will be there to ` do his bit ' . And yet , at the risk of committing lese-majeste , I must confess that when I heard of the Prince 's undertaking I thought -LRB- and continue to think -RRB- : ` For God 's sake , man , are you MAD ? ' I say this , furthermore , as a committed royalist and father of three . ` For the next six weeks , and possibly beyond , the Prince will be on domestic parade , ' says Quentin Letts . ` Quivering to attention at the nursery door somewhere deep inside their stately home , Anmer Hall , in Norfolk ' For your Royal Highness , I have been there and have glimpsed your immediate future . I have tried paternity leave , albeit briefly . So far as I could see it was an almost complete waste of time . Our first-born , Claud , arrived in July 1997 , in the early days of the Blairite terrors . New Labour had been in office but a few weeks and the country was in the grip of a mini social revolution that saw the old Tory ways washed aside by political correctness . Even so , I absented myself from the birthing suite at Cheltenham maternity hospital -LRB- I had nearly fainted when the anaesthetist produced his epidural needle , long as a medieval jousting stick -RRB- . I retired to a nearby pub for a pint or two of goodish cider . As I made my excuses and left the hospital , the midwives looked thoroughly relieved . They knew what no nurse ever seems prepared in public to admit : men in a maternity ward are a flat-footed menace . ` They knew what no nurse ever seems prepared in public to admit : men in a maternity ward are a flat-footed menace , ' says Quentin Letts , who says he made it through just a week of his own paternity leave . I can claim to have changed Claud 's first nappy -- I remember the moment vividly , as my wife looked on cluelessly -- and I also made myself uncharacteristically useful when , the following morning , the three of us went home . You see , I was the one who worked out how to fasten the darn babyseat into the front seat of our elderly Mini estate car . OK , it took me ten minutes to work it out but at least , like Wills with Prince George , I did it ! We lived at that point in a small cottage on a wooded hillside near Stroud , Gloucestershire , reached only by a steep footpath . For William and Kate , home is the rather better-appointed Anmer , an elegant , Georgian spread on the Sandringham estate . Will William need to carry the new-born bundle and its baby clobber -LRB- nappy bags , push chair , cot , toys , etc -RRB- down the garden path , as I did ? One suspects there may be staff to do that . Once the newborn has been brought home , what is there for the father to do ? Feeding the bairn ? My wife opted for breast-feeding . My man boobs may be corkers in their own right but they were never up to that task , so I had little to do . Some women go in for breast pumps and decanting their milk into bottles , which the dads can then administer , but that all sounded a bit complicated to us -- to be honest , it made me feel a bit faint . At Anmer Hall , there will surely be cohorts of nurses and Norland-trained nannies on hand to take over from Kate when she tires of feeding the little one . My mother-in-law , who had been my wife 's birthing partner , was busy and helpful in the first days after the babies arrived . Ah , the mother-in-law . We touch here , perhaps , on terrain that will be familiar to William , whose own ma-in-law , the indomitable Carole Middleton , is said to be in the Jimmy Anderson league of fast bowlers . ` Once the newborn has been brought home , what is there for the father to do ? ' asks Quentin Letts . Mrs Middleton , one is told , will be on hand at Anmer , once the young royals return to the family pile . When one hears of the proximity of mothers-in-law and gormless , bumbling sons-in-law , one fears a conflagration may break out as easily as if Russian and RAF jets are in close proximity in the skies over north-eastern Scotland . A man may love his wife 's mother , and that affection may even sometimes be reciprocated , but that is not to say it is a good idea for him to try to disagree with her when it comes to theories about how to hold a baby , lay it in its cot or bring up wind . Burping procedures : is this what search-and-rescue helicopter pilot William was put on earth to do ? Mrs Middleton may not be a member of the blood royal but I suspect that if it came to a shoot-out between her and William over babysitting niceties , she would take the bout with ease . For this is what a man learns while on paternity leave : he is there on sufferance . The early weeks of motherhood lean heavily to the distaff side . In July 1997 , your correspondent stood there , like any man , feeling a spare part as the aunts and grandmothers and godmothers and female neighbours fell to their cooing and gurgling at the purple-faced infant . Worse , these women were keen to discuss the complete biological aspects of the delivery . The expression ` give us all the gory details ' rings still in my ear as my wife 's girlfriends descended on her with presents of Babygros and ` moisturiser for your stretch marks ' . ` Those first weeks after a birth , a mother and babe spend much of their time resting and sleeping . If a man can go and earn a few bob to help pay the flurry of bills , is he not better thus employed ? ' Descriptions of shrieking agony in the delivery room unfolded , complete with Dante-esque accounts of pushing and dilation and heads appearing . Worst of all , they wanted to know about ` tearing ' . A paternity-leave dad such as Prince William has two options : he can stand in the margins of such covens , and possibly disgrace himself by fainting , floored by the nausea of envisaging post-natal undercarriage surgery ; or he can step into the garden -LRB- better still a beer garden -RRB- for some fresh air . I lasted less than a week first time round . For the second and third children , I made admiring noises , told my wife how wonderful she was , took a vague squint at the infant , then returned to my work . Those first weeks after a birth , a mother and babe spend much of their time resting and sleeping . If a man can go and earn a few bob to help pay the flurry of bills , is he not better thus employed ? You can do a lot in six weeks . If you are a sailor you can cross the Atlantic and have time for a few days on some West Indies beach . If you are a cyclist you can go from Land 's End to John O'Groats and quite a long way back , depending on the gravity of your jock rot . By mid-June , early spuds will be ready for digging in our kitchen gardens . The new Parliament will be up and running . Buckingham Palace will be in summer garden-party season . England 's cricketers may already be two down in the series against New Zealand . Prince William , sir , ignore your press officers and image advisers . Do n't fall for this notion that a new dad 's place is at the -LRB- stately -RRB- home . You will have a whole life ahead for bonding with your lovely new child . Stay just long enough to show affectionate interest . Then make your escape !