A series of unpublished love letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 when the passionate missives go up for auction later this . During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera , Frida penned the letters to Jose , a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York . Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance . ` I do n't know how to write love letters . But I wanted to tell you that my whole being opened for you , ' then-39-year-old Frida wrote in October of 1946 . Scroll down for video . Secret romance : Mexican artist Frida Kahlo -LRB- pictured -RRB- wrote passionate love letters to Jose Bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist Diego Rivera . Enduring love : A collection of 25 of the unpublished letters will be auctioned off at Doyle New York on April 15 . She continued : ` Since I fell in love with you everything is transformed and is full of beauty ... love is like an aroma , like a current , like rain . ' The letters , 25 of which are headed to auction at Doyle New York on April 15 , were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 and saved by Jose until his death in 1995 . The archive of passionate messages , which comprise more than 100 pages , were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner . According to Frida Kahlo biographer Hayden Herrera , the artist told Jose to sign his letters as ` Sonja ' so that Diego would think they were from a woman if he came across them . High price : The letters -LRB- pictured -RRB- are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 dollars . Pet names : Frida signed her letters to Jose ` Mara ' , which biographer Hayden Herrera explained is probably short for ` Maravillosa ' , a name Jose would call her . Creative couple : Jose , a Catalan artist , can be seen sitting at an easel as he works on a painting . Handle with care : This letter from the archive shows a stain on the right hand corner of the paper . Famous works : In this letter , Frida refers to ` Tree of Hope ' , a painting she created shortly after she met Jose . Diego , a muralist and a notorious Lothario , who once had an affair with Frida 's younger sister Cristina , endured Frida 's love affairs with women , but her relationships with other men would drive him to bouts of crazed jealousy . Meanwhile , Frida inscribed her letters with the name ` Mara ' , which Hayden explained is probably short for ` Maravillosa ' , a name Jose would call her . The collection also includes an original drawing of a sleeping cat , pressed flowers , ribbon , beads and drafts of a few of Jose 's responses . Frida 's candid messages to her lover shed light on her important paintings , an unknown pregnancy and her relationship with Diego , as well as her adoration for her Jose . Full package : The letters also include an original drawing of a sleeping cat and drafts of a few of Jose 's responses . Sketch artist : Frida sent Jose this drawing of a tree in reference to ` The Tree of Life ' City living : Frida posed for this photo in front of a skyline . She and Jose met when she was recovering from surgery in a hospital in New York . Long distance love : Frida ended this letter to Jose with a kiss , leaving behind a lipstick print of her mouth . Their secret affair began when Frida , who was left a partial cripple after a 1925 bus accident , was recovering from a spinal fusion performed in June , 1946 at New York 's Hospital for Special Surgery . Frida 's sister Cristina was the one to introduce her to Jose , who moved to New York after fighting in the Spanish Civil War . They fell in love during his visits to the hospital and continued their long-distance courtship after she returned to Mexico . After Frida sold her 1946 painting Tree of Hope , which was inspired by her recent surgery , she wrote to Jose about his words influenced her creation . ` I remembered your last words and I began to paint , ' she explained . ` I worked all morning and when I finished eating I kept on painting until there was no more light . But afterward I felt so tired and everything hurt . ' An artist 's life : Frida was photographed holding this statue while she stood in front of a blue cement wall . Inspired work : Frida sketched this drawing of a sleeping cat and sent it to Jose . Added images : This letter featured a picture of a women sleeping in a bed while another walked away . Last words : Frida ends this letter by telling Jose that she loves him . Epic romance : In this letter Frida told Jose she loves him the way that he is . In the painting one version of Frida lies in a hospital bed , while another depiction of herself sits proudly while holding a flag . While painting the piece , Frida inscribed ` Tree of Hope Keep Firm ' a line of a song that she and Jose both liked . According to Hayden , Frida wrote in several of her letters to Jose that she had missed her period , in a way that suggested she was in some ways hoping to have his baby despite knowing it was nearly impossible because of her spinal injury . ` If I were not in the condition I am in now and if it were a reality , nothing in my life would give me more joy . Can you imagine a little Bartoli or a Mara ? ' she wrote . New images : Frida posed in her house for this photo take by French photographer Gisèle Freund . Full of life : Frida can be seen standing in her garden in Mexico in this image shot by Gisèle . Meta moment : Frida Kahlo and Dr Juan Farill were photographed in her home in 1951 . In his photo , they are standing in front of one of her works in which she pictured herself painting Dr Farill 's portrait .