The widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from Land 's End to John O'Groats has won a six-figure payout from the council who failed to mend the road . Martyn Uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole . Just a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard . But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary . Kate Uzzell has received a six-figure payout after her husband Martyn -LRB- both pictured -RRB- was killed during a charity cycle ride when he was thrown into the path of a four-inch deep pothole . Tragedy : Experienced cyclist Mr Uzzell , 51 , was riding from Land 's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support when he died . Coroner Rob Turnbull told Mr Uzzell 's inquest last year that there was ` no doubt whatsoever that the condition of the road on that occasion was the cause of the incident ' . He said the pothole , which surrounded a roadside drain on the A65 near Giggleswick , North Yorkshire , had ` existed for some time prior to the accident ' . A month before the tragedy in 2011 , a traffic policeman saw the hole and his control room alerted their council counterparts , but the alert was not passed on to the highway inspection team . In the following weeks , the council inspected the road twice but failed to take any action before Mr Uzzell cycled along it with two friends raising money for Macmillan Cancer Support . He was flung from his bicycle by the pothole , landing in the path of a car and suffering fatal head injuries . His widow Kate Uzzell , 49 , from Clevedon , North Somerset , has now reached an out of court settlement with North Yorkshire County Council . However the local authority is still refusing to apologise for the state of the road in the lead up to the cyclist 's death . A coroner previously ruled that the state of the A65 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , near Giggleswick , North Yorkshire , was ` the cause of the incident ' After the inquest last year , Mrs Uzzell said the death of her husband , an experienced cyclist and service engineer , was preventable . She said : ` It is simply disgraceful that a pothole on such a busy road was allowed to go unrepaired . This should not have happened . ` My husband was an experienced cyclist and was out doing what he loved , while raising money for charities close to his heart , but it has cost him his life . The council inspected the pothole in the weeks before Mr Uzzell 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- death but decided it did not need repairing . ` I am told a policeman had reported the pothole on two occasions to the council but nothing was done . The road was also inspected monthly as it is an A-road , but despite the danger being recorded in May it was n't repaired . ` To make it worse there was another inspection in June carried out in a vehicle going at 25mph down the other side of the three lane carriageway . ` No attempt was made to check an already identified defect , how can this be acceptable ? ` Ultimately my husband lost his life because the council did not repair this pothole , despite being warned it was a potential danger , and I would like to know why something was n't done . ` I do not want anyone else to lose a loved one because the roads have not been properly maintained , ' she added . The Crown Prosecution Service concluded the failings by the council should not lead to a corporate manslaughter case or any other charges . Mrs Uzzell said the decision had left her devastated : ` My husband has died yet it seems no one is being held to account as to how this was allowed to happen . ` I have lost my best friend and soul mate , a lovely person , who bought joy to my life , I am now lost and lonely without Martyn . ` And it is n't just me . Martyn 's entire family is also suffering the loss of someone very special . ' A spokeswoman for North Yorkshire County Council said : ` Whilst North Yorkshire County Council accepts no liability for the tragic death of Mr Uzzell , the authority has appreciated that this is a sensitive matter and has therefore reached a settlement with Mr Uzzell 's widow , to avoid prolonged involvement in further litigation . ` The county council operates a highways maintenance programme that includes a robust system of inspection . ` We continue to maintain and review that inspection regime to ensure the safety of routes for the travelling public . '