You can now book a London hotel stay by the number of hours you need the room for rather than by the number of nights you intend to stay . While booking hotels by the hour may have a somewhat seedy reputation , one company is allowing businessman and women and those who need a short rest to book well-known London hotels in three-hour blocks . Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours , and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board . You can enjoy the luxury of the Academy Hotel in London for a three-hour slot with ByHours.com . The App allows the user to select their area , and then their time slot , to be then shown a list of available hotels . The company 's objective is to acquire more hotels in London during the next few months , and then start to work in other cities such as Berlin and Paris . In London , hotels that it has signed up include H10 Waterloo , The Kingsway Hall Hotel , Yotel Heathrow and Gatwick , Crowne Plaza London - The City , Academy Hotel , and Threadneedles , Marriott Autograph Collection . A spokesperson for the company told MailOnline Travel : ` In total , we work with 1,500 hotels in Spain and the UK and we have done more than 150,000 transactions in 2014 , an increase of 150 per cent compared to the previous year . ` We work with hotels with three to five star rating , but 80 per cent of our hotels are four stars hotels . ` We have been focusing on hotels next to airports , train stations , city centers , convention areas and also hospitals , and now , we are scaling the business model in UK , with the same strategy . ' Founder of ByHours.com Christian Rodriguez has been so successful in the Spanish market he has switched his focus to the UK . The Threadneedles Marriot could be a nice stopover for 12 hours , enough time for sleep and a shower . The main key of ByHours.com is that the platform benefits the customer , but also the hotelier . The customers have the flexibility , and they can book and pay for the time they use the room . But the hotels can sell the rooms more than once a day , and increase the revenue per available room . It 's a totally complementary product , and with ByHours.com 's tool , hotels can decide prices , hours of check-in , if they want to re-sell rooms -LRB- depending on their cleaning service -RRB- , or availability for each week . The KIngsway Hall hotel has signed up to ByHours to offer a variation on the one-night stay . The four-star H10 London Waterloo is up for grabs to tourists visiting London who require less than a one-night stayover . The platform works real time , and the company have a 24/7 Customer Service for both the hoteliers and the customers . The founder of the company is 31-year-old Christian Rodriguez . He is a ` serial entrepreneur ' , he has founded six companies before ByHours.com , but this is the first one that is in the travel sector . ByHours.com were named as Best Startup of the Year in Spain 2012 , Best App 2014 , and are one of the 20 best PYMES -LRB- little and medium companies -RRB- to work in Great Place to Work .