For the parents of children living with cancer , there is often so little hope . And for those facing the bleakest of prognoses -- that , barring a miracle , the disease will cut short their young lives -- the agony is almost indescribable . So the decision to enrol such a child on to a trial for largely untested treatments that may save them , but may make them suffer far more , is another kind of mental anguish altogether . Now , a ground-breaking television documentary filmed over two years follows three children and their families through such a situation . Battler : Chloe Ballouqui during her treatment . She is one of three children featured in a ground-breaking TV documentary . In the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy . Shocking as it might seem , this kind of ` experimentation ' happens in Britain . And it is a necessary part of the process that discovers new treatments that ultimately offer hope to other young cancer patients . Sophie Ryan-Palmer , 12 , Fabian Bates , nine , and Chloe Balloqui , three , are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital , London , the leading British centre for treatment of child cancers , and are the youngsters featured in the documentary . Tragically , although for one of them , treatment is successful , two do not survive the radical procedure . Immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient 's cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow . Loving life : Sophie Ryan-Palmer enjoying a party . The 12-year-old was two when she was diagnosed with leukaemia and entered the immunotherapy trial after her fourth relapse . This allows a transplant of new bone marrow containing immune system cells , harvested either from the patient or a donor . These cells are genetically modified in a laboratory so they are better at attacking cancer . Similar treatments have been carried out in America , and although the early results look hopeful , the risks are huge and many of the terminally ill young patients die from complications . The toxicity of the immunotherapy means children often have to be sedated and given strong painkillers such as morphine , to cope with the treatment , and many end up in intensive care . When presented with these facts , some parents decide the risks are simply to great , yet others choose to go ahead . Fabian 's father , Darrell , describes the anger and devastation after being told of his son 's diagnosis but also the optimism they had about the outcome of the trial . Chloe , pictured with her mother Karen Kallaste , has neuroblastoma . He says : ` There were no patients who had gone through it , no evidence it would work , which was a little bit frightening . You tend to grab these things as a ray of hope . ' Some 30 children a week are diagnosed with cancer -- that 's more than 1,500 a year -- and 250 of them will die every year . Child leukaemia has a high survival rate , with four out of five youngsters being cured completely . But for some , standard treatment does n't work and the cancer comes back , which is why clinical trials such as the one for immunotherapy can be a lifeline -- they offer families their last hope . Kate Law , director of clinical trials at Cancer Research UK , says they are an essential way forward . ` There is strict regulation and a child would have undergone three or four lines of treatment such as chemotherapy before being considered for a trial , ' she explains . ` The child has to have a life expectancy of at least six months and they have to undergo extensive clinical tests to be certain their bodies can cope with any potential treatment . ` There is a real balance between whether we are doing more harm than good , and it is therefore essential that the doctor and the parents weigh up what their options are and whether a clinical trial is something they should pursue . ' Another parent in the documentary , Richard Balloqui , knows this dilemma all too well . His daughter Chloe has neuroblastoma , one of the most deadly of all childhood cancers , with only two in five of those diagnosed at her age surviving . As well as having a tumour on her adrenal gland , Chloe 's cancer had spread throughout her bones . During filming , the toddler has surgery to remove the tumour as well as chemotherapy so strong it could kill an adult , in preparation for the immunotherapy . At one stage her liver becomes dangerously swollen , a potential fatal side effect of the treatment . Her father admits the pain of ` seeing your child in discomfort , seeing the side effects of what we are doing here to try to kill the cancer ' . He adds : ` You are filling them full of toxicity and you do see the effects of that , and it hits you that your child is going through something you could never imagine . ' Fabian Bates chats to the Duchess of Cambridge during a hospital visit . The child was given modified cells taken from his 14-year-old sister Cassia to battle his cancer . Sophie , the third child , was two when she was diagnosed with leukaemia and entered the immunotherapy trial after her fourth relapse . Her mother , Debbie , says : ` When I told Sophie -LSB- the cancer -RSB- was back again , she was totally devastated and just said , `` I do n't want to die , mummy , I do n't want to die . '' ' The youngster had two options : take drugs to fight the pain , and allow the cancer to progress to its inevitable end ; or take part in the trial . ` Straight away , without any thought about it at all , she said she wanted to go on the trial . She is a fighter , ' Debbie says . Of her relapse , Sophie says : ` When I was told , I thought , `` Not again . '' But I dealt with it like I have all the other times . Of course I was upset but there is something we can do , so do it . ` Mum said it was a clinical trial and stuff like that but I did n't want to read the information , I just wanted to go ahead with it . It will make me better , hopefully . ' There are currently 36 child cancer medical trials open in the UK -- 22 of which are funded by charity Cancer Research UK . Some 15 of these are studies into new treatments for relapse patients such as those highlighted in the documentary . Earlier this year The Mail on Sunday reported that cancer experts had hit out at EU red tape that is denying hundreds of terminally ill children cancer drugs -- because a legal loophole means pharmaceutical companies have to test new treatments on adults only . If firms opt out of testing new treatments on under-18s during clinical trials , doctors are then barred from using them on youngsters because they are cleared for adult use only . Only half of 28 cancer drugs trialled between July 2007 and June 2012 were tested on children . Kate Law , of Cancer Research , says : ` From a drug company point of view , they are in business for profit . They have to answer to their shareholders and they are therefore risk-averse to trials with children , so child cancer trials have to be funded independently through organisations like us . ' There are 21 specialist centres treating childhood cancer in the UK and every child with cancer will be seen at one of them . About 70 per cent of newly diagnosed children will be offered the chance to trial a new drug , a figure higher than that in the rest of Europe and the US . At one point during treatment , Sophie is confined to an isolation ward for eight weeks to prevent any risk of infection which her weakened immune system would be unable to fight . Her room is decorated in One Direction posters and she tells the film crew she copes with her situation due to her motto of ` Happy , happy , happy , fun , fun , fun ' . Sadly , Sophie 's tiny body was unable to withstand the first stages of the treatment , and she died in July 2013 . The ITV film captures the poignant moment her pink coffin leaves the family home near Heathrow . Debbie says : ` She always wanted to help other children so I have no regrets about her going on the trial , it was Sophie 's choice . ` Unfortunately the bone marrow transplant never worked so she never had the chance to have the modified cells . ` After what she had gone through for ten years of her life , her body just could n't do it any more . She was such a brave little girl and I was proud to be called her mummy ' . Like Sophie , Fabian , who received letters from the Duchess of Cambridge after meeting her in hospital in 2011 , was determined to look to the future and was given modified cells taken from his 14-year-old sister Cassia . He says : ` The good cells fight the bad cells and destroy them , and as soon as they are destroyed I wo n't be ill any more , which is a good thing because I want to stay well , not in a coffin and then , like dead . That would be horrible . ' Fabian dreamed of one day having a wife , a house and a car . Tragically , his new cells stopped working and he died at his home in London last November . The Duchess 's letters were laid to rest with him . Despite these tragedies , clinical trials have transformed outcomes for cancer patients and particularly in children , as three-quarters of those with cancer are now cured compared with about a quarter in the late 1960s . For Chloe , the fight goes on . Parents Karen and Richard found an American drug trial which aimed to prevent neuroblastoma coming back after immunotherapy . In a whirlwind six-week campaign , an appeal raised more than £ 100,000 to pay for further experimental treatment scheduled to begin early this year . Cruelly , final tests before travelling to the US showed that Chloe 's cancer had returned , although not in her bones this time , indicating the relapse had fortunately been caught early . Specialists at Great Ormond Street are now discussing the best ways to get the disease back into remission . Richard says : ` We remain positive that this has been caught early and we can treat it . '