While the 3 pm slump has most of us reaching for a chocolate bar , the sugar crash that comes afterwards , and the guilt , can ruin the enjoyment . But chocoholics can now get their fix guilt-free , as a raw foodie has developed healthy spins on all the classic chocolate bars . Taline Gabrielian , 33 , of Sydney 's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites , including Mars Bars , Snickers , Bounty , Twix and Cherry Ripe , and published the recipes through her best-selling food app , Hippie Lane . Scroll down for the recipe . Mars mania : Fans of the Mars Bar can now enjoy the guilt-free version , with raw recipes by Taline Gabrielian . Choc-full of goodness : No need to count calories or sneaky this Mars Bar , it 's sugar-free , vegan and dairy-free . With 129,000 Instagram followers and the Hippie Lane app consistently sitting in the top three of ` most popular food and drink ' apps on iTunes since its release in January , Gabrielian attributes all her success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites . ` It was definitely my tactic . I thought the best way to grow the business and inspire a healthy lifestyle was to offer people something they understand , that looks and tastes like the real deal , ' the mother of two told Daily Mail Australia . Gabrielian , who began stocking raw treats in local cafes and photographing them , only realised the serious demand for her sweet treats when she reached 80,000 followers within a year . Healthy hippy : Taline Gabrielian said her choc bars satisfy her , even though she grew up on Nutella and Milo . Twix treats : ` I always crave something after dinner , so these Twix bars still give me the same satisfaction ' ` They just loved that I was portraying healthy versions of the chocolates they knew and loved . They were commenting saying `` does it really taste like a Mars Bar ? , '' and basically just wanted a piece of the pie , ' she said . While her app has 50 recipes in total , the classic top five favourite bars are by far her most popular , according to Gabriel . But she says her mint slice , caramel and choc cheesecake are also go down a treat too . While the chocolates are all classified as raw , vegan , refined sugar-free and dairy-free , Gabriel assured DMA that this in no way means ` fun or taste-free ' , people are sold by her recipes . Cherry on top : Gabriel recreated the classic cherry ripe bar for those who like a fruity take on chocolate . ` I began competitions early on -LRB- on her Instagram -RRB- to remake my treats and convince them it 's the real deal and the recipes work . And they loved them , saying ` this is the best peppermint slice I 've ever tried and knocking on my door wanting more . ' Gabriel shares her top substitutes to eat healthy sweet treats ... 1 . Swap sugar for ... rice malt syrup . ` It 's derived from brown rice and is milled down until it becomes syrup . ' 2 . Swap caramel for ... nut butters . ` I will mix almond butter with tahini , coconut oil and dates . ' 3 . Swap flour for ... nut meal . ` When making a biscuit base I like to use a mix of walnuts and almond meal ' 4 . Swap chocolate for ... cacao powder . ` I make chocolate by mixing cacao powder , coconut oil and maple syrup . ' 5 . Swap butter for ... coconut oil . As a self-proclaimed chocoholic who grew up on a diet of Milo and Nutella , Gabriel knows what those with a sweet tooth expect , but ever since she converted to healthy versions , she 's never looked back . ` I always crave something after lunch or dinner , I get a sugar rush - we all need it . But I still get the same feeling having one of my Twix bars . ' ` Once in blue moon I will try a normal chocolate bar again and it 's sickly sweet . But once you cut all the bad sweets and find healthy replacements there 's no reason to go back . ' For Gabriel , her main criterion for all her chocolate bars are that they are beautiful tasting , using simple ingredients , easy to make , familiar to her followers and have a ` feel good ' taste factor . New to the raw baking scene ? Rest assured , Gabriel said all her recipes are easy - all it requires is stocking up on a pantry of new ingredients . While she admits some of the recommended swaps like coconut oil , rice malt syrup and cacao can be expensive to begin with , once you have them , they will be on high rotation - so you get your money 's worth . Ready to satisfy your sweet tooth cravings ? Try Gabriel 's bounty ball recipe below . Bounty of goodness : Gabriel said the coconut in these bounty balls will transport you to a tropical island . My absolute favourite chocolate of all time , expect a coconut-rich flavoured chocolate that will make you feel like you 've been transported to a tropical paradise . It ' also as clean as they come . Ingredients . 1/2 cup -LRB- 75g -RRB- cashews , soaked . 3 tbsp coconut cream . 1 1/2 -LRB- 120g -RRB- cups desiccated coconut . 3 tbsp coconut oil . 3 tbsp rice malt syrup . Chocolate . 1/2 cup -LRB- 120 ml -RRB- coconut oil . 1/2 cup -LRB- 55g -RRB- cacao powder . 1/3 cup -LRB- 80 ml -RRB- maple syrup . Method . Serves - 8 . Preparation time - 30 minutes .