The NSW State Emergency Service -LRB- SES -RRB- are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise , abusing people 's goodwill as NSW is ravaged by wild weather . The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page . ` The NSW SES does NOT request donations from the public , ' NSW SES assure the public . ` We will never call and ask for money . ` If you are receiving calls of this nature , please be advised it is a scam . ' The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page . NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the Sydney , Newcastle and Hunter regions . A small white hatchback was crushed by a fallen tree in Redfern in Sydney 's inner city overnight . NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the Sydney , Newcastle and Hunter regions . People have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis . ` We had a call today ! Thought it was weird they had to call in the middle of the craziness ! ' wrote Melissa Bateup . ` Some idiot tried to do a door knock at mine -LRB- this afternoon -RRB- saying they were SES but with no docket book or collection tin , ' claimed Colin Small . It 's not often you see a car parked up a tree , but this was the case in Newcastle during the storm . Winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast , causing this tree to fall on a car in East Gosford on NSW 's Central Coast on Monday with a driver and passenger inside . They were treated for only minor injuries . ` His mate was hiding behind a tree . Needless to say I did n't give them anything and told them to get off my property . ' ` It did seem odd that they would call so late and want me to use my credit card . Thank you for the warning , ' commented Deanne Overall . ` I got a call today and the girl was n't even near being professional about it and kept laughing nervously . It did n't feel right , ' agreed Nicole Amber . ` Oh my god ! Who are these absolute mongrels that take advantage of these sorts of situations ! ' wrote Belinda Weston . Buses and other traffic were stopped after a tree fell across a main road in Surry Hills in Sydney 's inner city . A contingent of 22 ACT SES volunteers will travel to NSW on Wednesday morning to assist with the severe weather effort . Manly Dam is dangerously close to full capacity as heavy rain continues to hammer down . A flood warning has been issued and NSW SES have warned that residents may be evacuated in some areas of Sydney 's Northern Beaches , particularly near Manly Lagoon . An evacuation centre for Manly residents has been set up at Harbord Diggers Club . Narrabeen residents have been advised that another centre is available at Pittwater RSL at Monva Vale . NSW SES can be contacted on 132 500 and an infoline has been set up on 1800 227 228 . 000 should only be called for emergencies . In Avalon on Sydney 's Northern Beaches fallen trees and telegraph poles blocked roads and caused significant damage to property . A large eucalyptus tree crashes down near a house blocking the entrance at Avalon Beach in Sydney .