A coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online . Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother Jacques , 20 , in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web . At Bolton Coroner 's Court today , Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way . ' Torin Lakeman , 19 -LRB- left -RRB- , and brother Jacques , 20 -LRB- right -RRB- , died in a pub in Manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web ' The brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch Manchester United play a game against Hull at Old Trafford in December last year . The brothers , both from the Isle of Man , were found in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on 1st December last year after travelling to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford . The court was told that Torin , a student of Physics and Planetary studies at Aberystwyth University , had bought MDMA from website Agora from an anonymous seller with the ` handle ' Stone Island . Torin 's housemate Ethan Bradley said he bought the drugs to ` have a good weekend ' , and that he would use the drug recreationally , but was not addicted to it . Coroner Alan Walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs , adding he would be writing to the Home Secretary . Jacques was living in Chingford , London , at the time with his grandmother while training to be a chef , so travelled to meet Torin in Manchester , where the pair booked into the pub for the weekend . The hearing was told that both brothers had taken the drug on separate occasions . The pair watched as Manchester United won their match against Hull 3-0 , and father Raymond Lakeman said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together . He said : ` They were brothers so they had fallings out but on the whole they got on as best friends . ` They wanted to go and watch Manchester United play Hull City . I booked the tickets and sent them over with two football shirts for them . ` It was the first time they had ever done anything together like this . They did n't know anybody in Manchester . They were looking forward to seeing each other . ` My wife and I were happier than we had been for weeks and months and years . ' Landlord William Pilkington later saw them in the bar and when asked whether they appeared to be drunk , he said they were ` on something else ' . Detective Inspector Joanne Clawson from Greater Manchester Police said CCTV from a local shop caught them buying two bottles of WKD and a packet of chewing gum which they took back to their hotel . The alcohol was never consumed . Torin was the last to be seen when he came down from their room at around 9.30 pm to ask for the pub 's WIFI password . Both of the boys ' bodies were found on Monday morning , when pub worker Michael Lawrence went to clean the room they had been staying in . Bolton Coroner 's Court was told that Jacques , along with his brother Torin , had both consumed the drug before on separate occasions -LRB- pictured , Jacques alongside an unknown friend -RRB- . The court heard that Torin -LRB- pictured left , with a friend -RRB- bought the drugs via website Agora which can not be accessed through regular websites , before travelling to Manchester to meet his brother . Mr Lawrence told the inquest : ` I went into room five and saw one of the males on the floor in the room . At that stage I did n't see the other one . ` My colleague went into the room and found the body of the other male in this was on the far side of the bed that would have been hidden from view . Ray Lakeman , the boys ' father , said he was overjoyed that the boys were spending time together , and even bought shirts for the pair . ` I was asked to check by police whether there was any evidence of tablets or drugs or anything untoward and I did n't see anything . ' A post mortem on Jacques body found he had 6.15 mg of MDMA per litre of blood in his body - almost six times the ` lethal ' amount of 1.7 mg . He also had 229 mg of alcohol in his blood - almost three times the drink drive limit . His brother Torin was found to have 7.08 mg of ecstasy in his body , while his blood alcohol levels were lower at 87 mg . Pathologist Dr Patrick Ward told the inquest : ` If a person is not used it on a regular basis the impact may be greater . In batches of any drug there are different levels of toxicity . ` They could have taken the same amount but the concentration could have been different . I would anticipate they took the same amounts each . ' Recording a narrative verdict , Mr Walsh said : ` They had a great day which makes the tragedy of these deaths even harder to accept . ` There was concern as to the quality and quantity of ecstasy in terms of concentration and that may well have been a factor in terms of the ultimate impact . ` They were likely to be tablet form but when they were taken and where taken is unknown . MDMA is known as ecstasy and I accept there were sufficient quantities in the blood to cause death . ' He added : ' I accept the drugs were obtained by use of the internet and the drugs delivered to him from an unknown source by use of the internet on the dark web . ` I am concerned about the ability of young people to obtain elicit substances using the internet . ` I am well aware that is a global problem and little can be done to avoid this supply line being used . The death of Jacques and Torin identify a great problem - the dark web . Recording a narrative verdict , Mr Walsh said the issue of the dark web concerned him ` as a father and a grandfather ' -LRB- pictured , Torin Lakeman -RRB- . ` The dark web identified an anonymous supplier and the supplier exists behind the veil - a confidential and sophisticated veil . ` In the case of Jacques and Torin I hear reference to Stone Island and reference to Agora . I believe these matter should be reported to the Home Secretary . ` Young people have a natural ability these days with regard interned who find it much easier to access these dark sites and have available to them supply of drugs by simply ordering on the internet and delivering to address . ` As a father and grandfather it is a frightening prospect . '