The number of women in Britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high . Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . From a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade . Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh . But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun . Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women becoming nuns in Britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade -LRB- file image -RRB- . She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden , North London , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience . Miss Hawksley , from Hertfordshire , said : ` In one sense , it is a bit like trying to explain to somebody why you are marrying the person you are . You can list their qualities , but in the end it is a relationship of love . ` But on the other hand , I was drawn to it by wanting a greater freedom in being able to give myself to God and the world . ` I do n't have to worry now about practical things like making a career for myself . I 'm free to go where I 'm needed and meet people at the margins . ' She is not the only young woman choosing the religious life . According to Church figures , 14 of the 45 women who entered convents last year were aged 30 or under . The next moderator of the Free Church has claimed the Church of Scotland is ` literally dying ' because of falling congregation numbers . The Rev David Robertson said the departure of ministers and ` concerns ' over issues such as same-sex marriage are linked to a ` theological and moral decline ' in the Kirk . The Dundee minister , who will become Moderator next month , made the remarks on his blog site The Wee Flea as the Church of Scotland prepares to hold the General Assembly 2015 in May . The Free Church has seen modest growth over six years , with about 13,000 people currently attending services . Mr Robertson said the Kirk is losing ` around 16,000 members per year ' . But the Church of Scotland yesterday hit back , saying it remains one of the country 's ` largest and most robust organisations ' . Miss Hawksley said : ` There is another person in an order in London and she is 27 and we meet to chat . You are not on your own . It is an unusual life choice , but you are not the only one making it . There are plenty of people asking themselves the same questions . ' She admitted some of her friends were ` a bit bewildered ' , but most had been very supportive . Far from being trapped in traditional habits , Miss Hawksley said her order tends to dress down in T-shirts and jeans . Father Christopher Jamison , director of the National Office for Vocation of England and Wales , said : ` There is a gap in the market for meaning in our culture . One of the ways women may find that meaning is through religious life . ' Sister Cathy Jones , religious life vocations promoter at the office , said : ` We are never going to be at the place we were at 50 years ago , Catholic culture was at a very different place . ` But the fact that more women are becoming nuns than in the past 25 years shows that as a generation we have turned a corner . ' Last year , BBC Northern Ireland political reporter Martina Purdy quit her 25-year career in journalism to become a nun . She said : ` I know many people will not understand this decision . It is a decision I have not come to lightly , but it is one I make with love and great joy . '