Meet the woman who 's given Elizabeth Taylor a run for her money when it comes to walking down the aisle . 39-year-old Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone , it 's been revealed . Barrientos , however , was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first , the New York Post reported . According to reports , all of Barrientos ' marriages took place in New York state . Bride : Liana Barrientos , pictured , has been married ten times . Her first marriage took place in 1999 , with most recent being in 2010 . Barrientos ' marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril . The bride and her grooms : This map shows Barrientos ' marriages from 1999 to 2010 . Barrientos ' first marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam , then a second 2001 marriage to Habibur Rahman , the Post reported . According to the newspaper , Barrientos married six men in 2002 - namely Davit Koridze , Duran Goktepe , Aliaksandr Paharelau , Vakhtang Dzneladze , Rashid Rajput , and Kakhaber Khorbaladze - and her last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita . Authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in November 2014 . Quoting court documents , The New York Daily News said ' -LSB- Barrientos -RSB- ... stated in sum and substance that she did marry Mr. Keita and that was her first and only marriage . ' The newspaper reported that Barrientos could be sentenced to a total of eight years stemming from her two charges . Barrientos has been arrested multiple times , including for loitering , drug possession , and jumping a turnstile and trespassing , according to the Daily News . Wedding bells ? Barrientos ' Facebook says she became engaged in July 2013 . Mystery : The Department of Homeland Security was ` involved ' in Barrientos ' case , the Bronx district attorney 's office told the New York Times . According to the New York Times , ' -LSB- Barrientos -RSB- has divorced at least four times , from husbands Nos. 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , but long after marrying husbands 3 through 9 . ' The Times reported that for her first three 2002 marriages , Barrientos wed Koridze on Valentine 's Day , before she went on to marry Goktepe approximately two weeks later , then soon tied the knot with Paharelau . The Department of Homeland Security was ` involved ' in Barrientos ' case , the Bronx district attorney 's office revealed to the Times . Barrientos ' Facebook profile says she hails from the Dominican Republic and lives in Manhattan . It also says she became engaged in July 2013 . A Bronx building superintendent , Ruben George , told the New York Post ` She was arrested ... and -LSB- her baby daddy Carlos Garcia -RSB- does n't want her back . ` They have a kid together . She has one with him and one with somebody else . ' George also told the newspaper Garcia booted Barrientos out of his apartment . According to the Post , Barrientos and Garcia are parents to a baby girl . Barrientos did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Daily Mail Online .