More than £ 1.5 billion worth of unwanted online shopping items including women 's dresses , shoes and underwear are piling up in wardrobes , according to new research . Four in ten Britons have an average £ 77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy , a survey shows . When asked why , 43 per cent said they could not be bothered and 39 per cent said they did not think the value warranted the effort . Four in ten Britons have an average £ 77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it . A fifth -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- are too busy , believing that it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time , suggesting time is put ahead of hard earned cash . Confusing processes were also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back for 22 per cent . The research commissioned by store chain Doddle found more than a third of adults have purchased items that they then do n't want , but have n't returned to the retailer . Brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items . Amongst the most commonly unreturned items were women 's dresses , shoes and trousers , which occupied the top three spots . Then came women 's shirts or blouses , women 's jeans , electrical equipment , women 's jackets , homeware , jewellery and women 's underwear , according to the One Poll survey of 2,000 people . Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item , or not worth the cost . Doddle has introduced changing rooms to a number of its stores to make trying and returning online purchases , easier . The facilities allow customers to collect , try and return , online unsuitable items . Chief executive Tim Robinson said : ` Customers have become so frustrated with the processes for returning online purchases that they would rather forgo the cash from the refund , to skip the lengthy and inconvenient queues associated with the task . ` But it does n't have to be this way . We launched Doddle so that customers can collect and return online purchases in less than two minutes . It 's Doddle 's mission to redefine online shopping by making collecting and returning parcels easy - and save customers ' time and money . '