After Patrick Bamford , Joe Garner and Danny Mayor were crowned their division 's player of the year on Sunday , the Football League has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour . On-loan Chelsea striker Bamford 's efforts at Middlesbrough were rewarded with the Championship award , as voted by Sky Bet Football League club managers , with his team-mates Grant Leadbitter and Lee Tomlin also in the second tier 's top 10 . Ipswich Town 's Daryl Murphy was second in the voting ahead Troy Deeney , whose been in top form for Championship leaders Watford , in a list dominated by attacking players . Championship player of the year Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the honour . The Football League revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions based on votes by managers . Ipswich Town 's Daryl Murphy was second in the voting after finding the net 24 times this season . Troy Deeney , with 20 goals for Championship leaders Watford this campaign , was third in voting . Callum Wilson in fourth is the first of three Bournemouth players with midfielders Grant Leadbitter -LRB- seventh -RRB- and Harry Arter -LRB- 10th -RRB- along with Derby 's Chris Martin -LRB- sixth -RRB- and Brentford 's Alex Pritchard -LRB- eighth -RRB- . For the top tens , each manager was asked to choose their top five players from this season in order before their rankings were collated to make up the final list . Following Preston North End 's Garner in League One 's top ten was MK Dons ' Dele Alli , the star striker signed by Tottenham and loaned back to the club for the season who picked up Sunday 's young player of the year award . Bristol City winger Luke Freeman was third in the voting with the work of Aden Flint -LRB- fifth -RRB- , Joe Bryan -LRB- seventh -RRB- and Luke Ayling -LRB- ninth -RRB- , with it hard not to assume the League One leaders were victims of their own success with so many standout players splitting the vote . Dele Alli , the Football League 's Young Player of the Year , finished second behind Joe Garner in League One . Four from League One 's standout club , Bristol City , made the shortlist for the division 's best player . Also listed are Swindon Town 's Australian midfielder Massimo Luongo -LRB- fifth -RRB- and defender Nathan Byrne -LRB- eighth -RRB- , Sheffield United 's Jamie Murphy and PNE 's Leicester loanee Paul Gallagher -LRB- 10th -RRB- . Second-placed Shrewsbury Town had three players on the League Two top 10 behind Bury 's winner Danny Mayor , with Ryan Woods second , James Collins seventh and Bobby Grant ninth . Wycombe 's Alfie Mawson was third while Portsmouth and leaders Burton Albion each had two inclusions - Jed Wallace -LRB- fourth -RRB- and Matt Tubbs -LRB- fifth -RRB- for Pompey and Stuart Beavon -LRB- sixth -RRB- and John Mousinho -LRB- eighth -RRB- for the Brewers . Reuben Reid for Plymouth Argyle rounded out the list . Shrewsbury Town had three inclusions in the League Two list behind winner Danny Mayor , of Bury .