With superfans already eagerly camped out at St. Mary 's Hospital ahead of Kate Middleton 's due date , it seems that the birth of Prince George in 2013 did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies . And it 's not just Brits that are starting to make excited estimations , the frenzy has reached America where there are more than a few guesses about royal baby particulars . International research firm , YouGov , has conducted a poll asking the UK and the US their opinions on the second child , and it turns out , views are not too different . Scroll down for video . William and Kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby , which has spurred guesses on the sex and name . Questioning 1713 Brits and 1124 Americans , the survey revealed that after the excitement of a baby boy in blue in 2013 , this time around , both desire a baby girl . In fact , this landslide opinion was only contested by two per cent of Brits and seven per cent of Americans , who alternatively want Prince George to have a baby brother . When it comes down to a name for William and Kate 's potential little girl , the survey revealed discrepancies between what Brits and Americans want . In the UK , Charlotte , Alice and Alexandra are the leading names , with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent . Americans instead favour distinctively prominent royal names , with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent , and Elizabeth and Victoria tying at 12 per cent in terms of popularity . The 2013 birth of Prince George did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies , with many having placed bets on the sex and name of the second child . Princess Diana was the much-celebrated first wife of Prince Charles , and also the mother of Prince William , before passing away in 1997 . The popularity of the name Elizabeth is most likely derived from the name of the current queen , Elizabeth II . Similarly , the popularity of the name Victoria , is from Queen Victoria , whose reign of nearly 64 years is the longest of any other British monarch . When it comes down the names for a potential baby boy , the survey revealed much more unified results . Both Brits and Americans agree on James , Richard and Arthur as their favourite top three boy names , with James scooping the lead , at 27 per cent in the UK and 15 per cent in the US , in terms of popularity . Americans have picked Diana and Elizabeth as their favourite names if the royal baby is in fact a girl . The popularity of these names could have stemmed from prominent names of other royals , including the late Princess Diana -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and Queen Elizabeth II -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . And it 's not only immediate particulars about the unborn baby 's life being discussed ; people were also keen to throw in their two cents about the most suitable roles for the child 's later life . Both were in agreement that in the future , baby number two should focus on acting as a good role model for young people . Opinions divided when it came to the second most important role.While Brits believe the second child of William and Kate should also prioritise having a job , Americans feel that the next priority should be raising money for charity . Although American are showing some interest in the new royal baby , the majority of the US are far less interested in the latest arrival , in comparison to Prince George 's birth in 2013 . A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . According to a new survey by the University Of Southern California , American are five times less interested in the new royal baby than they were with George . Jeetendr Sehdev , professor of marketing at USC , told the Sunday Times : ` They were three times more interested in the birth of Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake 's baby and equally excited by the -LSB- forthcoming -RSB- birth of Sophie Hunter and Benedict Cumberbatch 's child . ` Only one in 10 Americans describe themselves as excited about the second royal baby . Some of this is inevitable but it also represents a wider attitudinal shift across the US . ` Americans still love Great Britain ... but the royals are now part of that , not the face of it . '