John Knott shot his terminally ill wife Anne dead before turning the shotgun on himself after the couple apparently made a pact to die together . A retired managing director at the ` end of his tether ' over his wife 's Alzheimer 's and plans for a traveller camp near their home shot her dead before killing himself , an inquest heard yesterday . Pensioners John and Elizabeth Knott lived in an ` idyllic ' £ 500,000 retirement cottage in the village of Bosbury , near Ledbury in Herefordshire . But Mr Knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer 's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door . He had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land -- which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home -- and kept a file ` three inches thick ' on the planning proposals . On top of that , he faced the growing strain of caring for his 70-year-old wife , who was known as Anne . Last August the pressure got so much he shot her dead before turning the gun on himself , the inquest in Herefordshire was told . The Knotts had moved to picturesque Bosbury from Droitwich , Worcestershire , after Mr Knott 's retirement in 2006 . They were both active members of local community groups including a rambling club . Mrs Knott helped put together the village newsletter and her husband had worked as a church warden . But in his final months , Mr Knott had been battling an application for planning permission to turn part of a paddock near to their 300-year-old cottage into a caravan park for travellers . It was to be the second traveller site within a small radius after plans were approved in 2012 for another camp on the other side of the Knotts ' property , separated from them by woodland . Two caravans and a day room were installed on that site . Mr Knott was said to be fighting plans to build a gipsy camp in a paddock -LRB- outlined in red -RRB- close to their 300-year-old cottage - the second traveller site proposed close to their home in two years . The retired company director was concerned the gipsy camp would affect the value of their £ 500,000 home . Herefordshire Coroners ' Court heard that 71-year-old Mr Knott , pictured , had been devoted to his wife of 37 years , nursing and cleaning her as she struggled to cope with Alzheimer 's . Detective Sergeant Tim Powell told the hearing the second camp was ` clearly a concern ' to Mr Knott . He said : ` He set about a very professional and comprehensive argument against this planning permission . It was to build a wash house , outhouses and three caravans . ' 2006 The couple move to Bosbury from Droitwich in Worcestershire following Mr Knott 's retirement . 2012 Mrs Knott starts complaining of memory loss . In the same year , plans for a travellers ' site near their £ 500,000 property are approved . 2013 Mrs Knott is diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease in January . 2014 , February Mrs Knott 's memory is rapidly deteriorating rapidly . 2014 , May Application for proposed change of use of land from agriculture to a one family travellers site submitted to Herefordshire Council . 2014 , August Mrs Knott spends four days at Latimer Court nursing home in Worcester before being taken home by her husband . The couple were found dead days later . Six weeks before his death , Mr Knott wrote a letter to council planners objecting to the proposals . It said : ` There are at least eight settled -LRB- traveller -RRB- families within a one-mile radius of the proposed site . The area can not sustain any more . ' Planning permission has now been granted , and diggers and construction vans were parked on the site yesterday -- which has a ` sold ' sign on display . One of Mr Knott 's neighbours said : ` He was a nice bloke but he was really troubled by the gipsy thing going on . We noticed a big change in him when this started ... he felt very strongly about it . ' The family who applied for planning permission were well-known in the area , with several traveller sites . Friends said Mr Knott was worried that his home would plummet in value due to the camps , having been told by property experts they could knock up to £ 125,000 off the price . Since the couple died their cottage has been sold for £ 349,000 , according to property website Rightmove . While fighting the plans , Mr Knott was also caring for his wife of 37 years as her Alzheimer 's worsened . Colin Westwood -LRB- left -RRB- , brother-in-law of Mr Knott , was at the inquest at Hereford Coroners ' Court today . She had reportedly begun hallucinating and suffering from paranoia and ` irritability ' . When she was eventually put into a nursing home for four days in August 2014 , she ` hated ' it , and anguished Mr Knott brought her home days before killing her . He had felt guilty about leaving her there , it was claimed . Friends said the couple were ` lost ' without one another and it is believed they had made a pact to die together . Mr Knott , the former managing director of Ashford Construction in Birmingham , ` worshipped ' his wife , the inquest heard . Close friend Elizabeth Keatley told the hearing : ` He would do absolutely anything for her within his powers , and sometimes outside his powers . Mr Knott had written to the council expressing his concerns that the camp would go right past his home . ` He was getting to the end of his tether . He said he lost his wife and she physically was not there . She was not mentally , emotionally there as well . He was lost without her . ' She said she went to visit the couple last July , adding : ` John had lost a lot of weight and he was quite agitated . He had got too much to do , had too many things running through his head . I think he was not coping . ' Elizabeth Jane Conway , Mrs Knott 's daughter and Mr Knott 's step-daughter , described her mother 's downward spiral , saying : ` She seemed to age very quickly ... at times she did n't recognise her family . The paddock - lined in blue - was pinpointed as the potential site for the traveller camp -LRB- outlined in pink -RRB- . ` Mum and dad adored one another . I was shocked but not surprised . ` Mum did n't want to continue to live like that , and my dad could n't see a life without my mum . ' On August 11 , Mr Knott led his wife to his workshop in their garage , locked the door from the inside and removed its handle . Their bodies were found near a single-barrel shotgun by police after Mrs Conway , 48 , called in and could not find them . No suicide note was found . Deputy Herefordshire Coroner Roland Wooderson recorded a verdict of unlawful killing for Mrs Knott and suicide for her husband . For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .