A man who stabbed a young father to death has been filmed partying with prison hooch and singing to explicit rap lyrics in a sickening jail video . Dashem Tesfamichael , 30 , is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as he dances outside his cell with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey . He clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip , which also shows a stash of drink bottles , biscuits and crisps on a window ledge , before it was shared with friends on WhatsApp . Scroll down for video . Dashem Tesfamichael , 30 , who was jailed for stabbing a young father , has been filmed partying behind bars . He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey . Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run-up to Christmas in December last year . Tesfamichael was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years after he used a broken champagne bottle to stab Olu Olagbaju , 26 , in Shadan 's nightclub in the City of London in December 2006 . The music producer collapsed and died after the attack , where witnesses described seeing the young father being held with his arms behind his back before he was stabbed in the chest . Eritrean-born Tesfamichael , then 23 and living in Camden , north London , made his getaway in a Mercedes before fleeing to Italy and then Miami , U.S. , before he was extradited back to Britain . The 50-second video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on WhatsApp . Eritrean-born Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the stabbing of Olu Olagbaju , 26 . Mr Olagbaju was looking forward to the birth of his second child with fiancee Terri Jacob , who he already had a daughter with , when he was killed . The Ministry of Justice launched an internal investigation at the Category C prison , which houses 500 inmates , and dealt with those involved . A spokesperson from the Prison Service said : ` All identified prisoners have faced disciplinary action . This type of behaviour will not be tolerated . ' Tesfamichael wears a grey vest as he dances around the prison with another inmate , who wears sunglasses . The footage also shows a stash of drinks bottles , crisps and biscuits being stored on a window ledge . The video has outraged members of the public after it was shared on social media . Vikki Heywood , wrote on Facebook : ` I think it 's disgusting the stuff they can get up to in prison these days . I 've seen other ones of take aways and stuff like that . ` They are there to be punished not rewarded . If they have it soo cosy they will never learn from there 's mistakes -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Richard Jones added : ` What 's more shameless is that it 's the authorities allowing the `` party '' to take place . ' Others described it as ` shocking ' and ` disgraceful ' . Dashem Tesfamichael -LRB- left -RRB- stabbed Olu Olagbaju , 26 , -LRB- right -RRB- with a broken champagne bottle at a London nighclub in December 2006 . Prison officers at Coldingley prison in Surrey reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run up to Christmas in December last year . Prison inmates use the yeast food spread to make illegal hooch dubbed ` Marmite Mule ' behind bars . Prisoners are infamous for brewing illicit alcohol while they 're behind bars with the DIY concoctions carrying a variety of names from ` pruno ' to ` hooch ' . But it is perhaps surprising to learn how inmates are able to make the beverages on such a limited amount of resources . In 2009 it was reported that Marmite had been banned from Dartmoor prison in Devon because inmates were using it to make super strength hooch . Dubbed ` Martmite Mule ' , prisoners added it to fruit , vegetables , bread and water , with the yeast in the food spread triggering the fermenting process of turning the sugars in the fruit into alcohol . The brew is then left over two weeks in old soft drink bottles or plastic bags before it is strained with a T-shirt or sock to remove the remains of the fruit and veg . It was also reportedly being used at privately-run Addiewell Prison in Scotland . Pruno , or prison wine , is renowned for being made by inmates because it can be produced with the limited selection of equipment and ingredients available to them . It is usually made using a variation of apples , oranges , fruit cocktail , candy , ketchup , sugar , milk , and possibly other ingredients , including crumbled bread . Again , the use of a plastic bag , hot running water and a sock are needed during the fermentation process . The longer the concoction is left the stronger it will be with the alcohol volume ranging from 2 per cent to 14 per cent .