Democratic Presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton 's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday . Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene . But a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public 's radar . If police radar had been engaged , however , it would have clocked Hillary 's signature black conversion van - ` Scooby ' , for the uninitiated -- hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89 , where the top speed limit is 65 . No one in the motorcade displayed flashing lights or blasted a siren . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . SPEED DEMONS : Clinton 's motorcade raced around New Hampshire on Monday . TRIAL BALLOON : A New Hampshire political operative described Hillary Clinton 's afternoon meeting at this Claremont , NH home as an entree toward an endorsement by Senator Jeanne Shaheen . The home belongs to one of Shaheen 's trusted aides . OFF TO THE RACES : Clinton returned to her beloved Mystery Machine following her afternoon house party . FINISH LINE : Clinton 's entourage dined and partied at the home of former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen . INSIDE : The first photos of the custom van 's interior -- complete with entertainment center -LRB- at top left -RRB- -- were shot through the vehicle 's tinted glass at a gas station in Claremont , NH , under the watchful eye of a Secret Service agent . After Clinton emerged from Whitney Brothers , a children 's furniture manufacturer , her black Chevy conversion van raced an hour north to the town of Claremont , hitting 73 in a 55 mph zone . Two hours later Scooby was on the move to Concord , bookended by a Secret Service detail that parted the puddles and kept the motorcade nose-to-tail -- with the caboose car slamming on the brakes time and again . The Claremont event took Clinton to the home of Bethany Yurek , a constituent services ` special assistant ' to New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen . Yurek is not a Washington heavy-hitter , but is part of Shaheen 's inner circle . A political operative close to Shaheen 's New Hampshire office said the meeting was meant to include a discussion about nudging the senator toward a presidential endorsement . In the nation 's first presidential primary voting state , an early nod from a sitting senator to a former senator could carry enough weight to ward off Clinton 's potential competitors . Yurek did not respond to phone messages seeking comment , and Clinton 's campaign made arrangements only for the New York Times to attend . SCOOBY SIGHTINGS : On Monday the CLinton campagin-mobile made stops in three New Hampshire towns . PIT STOP : Scooby 's Secret Service driver gassed up Hillary 's chariot before opening up her engine and pushing it to 92 mph . MEET MOLLY : Clinton enjoyed the oldest campaign tactic in the book -- posing with a baby -- on Monday in the New Hampshire town of Keene , and gushed that she wanted to bring the infant home with her . In Claremont , according to tweets from a Times reporter , the wealthy former secretary of state 's messaging featured progressive-friendly lines about income inequality . ` The deck is stacked in their favor , ' she said of America 's super-rich . ` My job is to reshuffle the cards . ' Clinton and her husband , the former president , are themselves among America 's much-derided ` one per cent ' richest . She also sounded an alarm about capital gains tax cuts for big banks being the ` root ' of America 's economic malaise . That seems calibrated to appeal to Democrats on her left flank -- those who are pining for Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren to enter the race . Clinton 's Concord stop was a 7:00 dinner event at the sprawling home of former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen . GOOD NIGHT 'S REST : Clinton and her traveling campaign team stayed Monday night at the Centennial hotel , a Victoria property full of ` boutique furniture pieces and chic art taken from the pages of Vogue ' TOP AIDE : Huma Abedin , Hillary 's right-hand woman , is on the campaign trail and stayed by Clinton 's side as they stopped at a bakery in Keene on Monday . Larsen is a longtime Clinton loyalist who endorsed Hillary 's first presidential bid in 2007 . She hosted a ` Ready For Hillary ' house party in February at the same home that hosted the candidate herself on Monday night . That house is steeped in Clinton lore . When then-Governor Bill Clinton filed his papers to run in the 1992 New Hampshire primary , it was Hillary who delivered the documents to the state capitol . Her last stop before making that trek in the rain was a gathering of professional women at Larsen 's home . On Tuesday the Clinton campaign will remain in Concord for a second roundtable event -- this time at the New Hampshire Technical Institute , the local community college . They 'll be well-rested . On Monday night Clinton and her team stayed at the Centennial hotel in Concord , a Victorian-era complex full of ` boutique furniture pieces and chic art taken from the pages of Vogue , ' according to the hotel 's website .