A former Democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared jail time on Friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated 2013 acid attack . Donny Ray Williams , who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee , slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . That same year , he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say . Despite admitting his guilt in December , D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life , Washington Post reports . No jail time : Former Capitol Hill staffer Donny Ray Williams is disfigured from an acid attack that occurred years after he raped two women . A judge on Friday agreed with a prosecutor 's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries , for which he 's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening operations . The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim 's request he be given ` some jail time . ' ` He gave me a random dose of drugs and risked my life , ' the woman argued in a letter read in D.C. Superior Court last week . The woman had just moved to Washington as an intern . She initially warmed to Williams because she believed he could help her get a leg up on Capitol Hill . ` After the assault , I moved away , and he continued to harass me and threatened me to drop the charges . This crime has caused me fear , pain and a financial burden , ' she wrote . The other woman Williams raped was not present for the sentencing , during which Judge Morin said Williams ` was a victim of an independent crime and has serious medical issues . ' Williams ' own attack occurred in 2013 as he walked down a Washington street . A man approached him and tossed acid in his face that dripped down his body , he told the Post . ` I thought I was going to die , ' Williams recalled . Acid attack : Williams was approached by a man in 2013 on a Washington street who tossed acid on his face . He believes a former girlfriend 's jealous ex was behind the attack . He 's now blind in one eye and nearly blind in the other . Massive second and third-degree burns put him in the hospital for two months , blinded him in one eye and nearly blinded him in the other . Williams believes the jealous boyfriend of a woman he was dating was behind the assault , the Post reports . Much of his face is now gnarled and disfigured and he currently has a massive lump at the top of his skull where doctors have surgically implanted a rod that stretches his skin in order to promote healing . He 's undergone some 20 surgeries and still faces more ` life threatening surgeries . ` How easy it is for men to use power to abuse , ' Williams said in court . ` Rape is cowardly , shameful and downright evil . I promise , I will protect a woman 's right to her own body . ' He 'd previously denied the allegations against him , saying he only pleaded guilty because he wanted to focus on his health and not a trial . He now says he 's a $ 1 million in debt and jobless after spending years working with such notable politicians as Senator Mary Landrieu and Senator Herb Koh . He worked in the Obama administration as the general deputy assistant secretary for congressional and intergovernmental relations in the Department of Housing and Urban Development between April 2009 and October 2010 . Williams had served as a staff director for the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs subcommittee . He started working on Capitol Hill in 1999 for Rep. Elijah E. Cummings -LRB- D-Md . -RRB- .