Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday at Dunblane Cathedral , as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple . The tennis star , who announced his engagement in November last year , tied the knot in the 12th century cathedral before a relatively small group of their family members and close friends . Reverend Colin Renwick , led the service , was pictured outside the cathedral just after 3.00 pm this afternoon with the wedding taking place at around 4.00 pm . Andy Murray and his wife Kim are all smiles after tying the knot at Dunblane Cathedral . Kim shows her delight after marrying British tennis star Murray on Saturday afternoon . The happy couple are covered in confetti as they make their way out of the wedding ceremony . Murray waves to his fans after making his way out of the cathedral following his wedding . Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral and one of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray , who arrived just before 4.00 pm looking resplendent in a white , to-the-knee overcoat with a detailed gold dress.The outfit was topped off with a dramatic gold hat . This morning , the historic cathedral saw florists toting huge bouquets of flowers arrive to decorate the church - as hailstones and showers battered the venue . Clearly unable to contain his excitement this morning , tennis ace Murray posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers which shows his plans for the day - through the use of emojis . He tweeted an umbrella , a picture of a church , a ring , a kiss , cake , drinks including beer , cocktails and wine and ends with hearts , a face blowing a kiss and several Zzzz icons for sleep . Murray -LRB- left -RRB- and his brother Jamie Murray -LRB- second left -RRB- arrive for his wedding to Kim Sears . Murray waves to the crowd as he arrives for the wedding as does his mother Judy in Dunblane . Kim Sears arrives for her wedding to British tennis number one Andy at Dunblane Cathedral . Andy tweeted his plans for the day through the use of emojis and it would appear he 's counting on plenty of laughter , kissing and alcohol . People continue to gather outside Dunblane Cathedral just hours before the wedding is due to start at 4.30 pm . The forecast for the rest of the day is n't on the couple 's side although there looks like being some respite from the rain between 3 pm and 4 pm as guests are expected to arrive . The heavens are likely to open again around 5 pm . Andy 's mother Judy discussed the bad weather on social media , initially tweeting : ` Hailstones . Marvellous , ' and then a few hours later : ` Snowing . White wedding . ' Fans who have set up camp outside the church have found themselves battling the elements this morning as they were battered by wind , rain and sleet in short succession . Ross Hutchins -LRB- left -RRB- was a guest at the ceremony , as was former British No 1 Tim Henman and his wife . However the wet weather showed no sign of dampening the spirits of the crowds outside the cathedral . Brenda Watson travelled from Ochiltree in Ayrshire with her friend to join in the celebrations . She said : ` We forgot our hats but we 're hoping the sun will shine for Andy and Kim . We 're so excited about seeing them and the atmosphere is great , it 's been well worth coming . ' Her friend Anne Gemmell from Stair in Ayrshire said Kim 's dress might be ` something lacy and just chic . ' No doubt the couple will both be hoping the weather improves before the ceremony later on today - or the guests could get soaked . Murray and his brother walk into the church as they begin preparations for his wedding to Kim Sears . Hundreds of the world 's media are also in place to capture the event which has sparked interest around the globe . Murray took a moment out of his wedding preparations to chat on Twitter this morning about a pre-wedding snooker game last night . Tennis player Jamie Delgado tweeted : ` Pre-wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who ? Andy Murray , Rosco Hutchins , Johnny Delgado , ' to which Murray replied : ` Jamie Delgado , Rosco Hutchins , Johnny Delgado , last night was actual carnage for those boys I could n't believe it . ' The reception is being held at the 15-bedroom Cromlix House Hotel , located just outside the town , which Andy bought two years ago for £ 1.9 million . Fans cheer as the British tennis number one Andy Murray arrives his wedding to fiance Kim Sears . Florists have been spotted working all morning to decorate the cathedral , wheeling in huge bouquets of white hydrangeas and full-sized cherry blossom trees . Hundreds of locals are expected to gather outside the cathedral to catch a glimpse of the pair who met as teenagers and have been together for more than nine years . The proud Perthshire community has spent the last few days decorating the high street with bunting in preparation for the celebration which will be reported around the globe . Murray fans have been posting their best wishes on social media and Scotland 's First Minister has also offered her congratulations . Hibernian FC tweeted : ` Best wishes from everybody at #Hibs to our supporter @andy_murray on his wedding day ; have a great time ! First dance to Sunshine on Leith ? ' Murray said recently he will have three best men - his brother Jamie and friends Ross Hutchins and Carlos Mier . Sussex-born Sears , also 27 , will have four bridesmaids but the style and design of her bridal gown has so far remained a secret . Several names from the world of tennis are likely to be on the guest list , with former British number one Tim Henman among those tipped to appear . Reports suggest Murray and Ms Sears had originally planned to marry at a chapel within the grounds of Cromlix House , which Murray purchased two years ago , but later opted for the 300-seat cathedral . The couple met in 2005 through tennis circles - her father Nigel is a coach and former head of women 's tennis at the Lawn Tennis Association . They moved in together in 2008 and briefly split the following year before rekindling their relationship . Speculation about their engagement was fuelled by Murray who , responding to a fan 's question on Twitter last year , joked that he would marry Ms Sears after Wimbledon . He was forced to point out that he was not serious but announced his engagement for real in November . Andy Murray 's No 1 fans : Linda Reid-Nevitt , 62 , and Amy Moffat , 15 , from West Calder , wait outside of the cathedral ahead of the wedding . Murray told BBC Sport last month : ` I am actually not nervous about getting married because we 've been together like nine-and-a-half years and we 've lived together for six or seven years as well . ` So , I do n't think a whole lot 's going to change . I kind of feel like we have been married already in terms of the way we spend our lives together and live together . ` I think I will be more nervous about starting a family because that would be more life-changing , in a good way . ' Yesterday the pair were spotted looking happy and relaxed as they arrived at the cathedral for their wedding rehearsal . Bride-to-be Kim , 27 , wore skinny black jeans , a leather jacket and blue scarf as the final preparations were made for their big day . Hundreds of locals are expected to gather outside the cathedral to catch a glimpse of the pair who met as teenagers . Andy is a hero in his native town and the residents have pulled out all the stops to wish the happy couple well . Graham Fleming puts up bunting in Dunblane 's high street as shops decorate their fronts in support of local boy Andy . Perhaps saving her legs for walking in heels tomorrow , she today stayed casual in red flats . Meanwhile , a smiling Andy was equally casual in jeans and trainers as he made his way into the cathedral where he will make his vows this weekend . With an Olympic gold medal and Wimbledon title under his belt , Andy is a hero in his native town and the residents have pulled out all the stops to wish the happy couple well . The minister set to conduct the wedding ceremony said the whole town is excited as the event is ` the nearest we 'll have in recent times to a royal wedding ' . Reverend Colin Renwick said he expects Britain 's top tennis star and his fiancee , Kim Sears , will be as ` nervous and as excited as any couple getting married ' . The minister , who has been tight-lipped in recent weeks , said he was ` excited ' to be part of the service , as final touches were added to the venue . The minister set to conduct the wedding ceremony said the whole town is excited as the event is ` the nearest we 'll have to a royal wedding '