It looks like a doll 's house that 's been dropped from a great height . A bathtub dangles at a crazy angle . Bedclothes hang in the breeze . Bricks are scattered everywhere . This was Susan House 's beloved home after a huge explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse . Susan House amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time . Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof . Ms House went for a stroll shortly before the detached property exploded yesterday afternoon , leaving a scene of destruction . A bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom after the explosion , which miraculously injured no one . The 55-year-old 's house may be in ruins but she can count herself extremely lucky to be alive -- having left to take her dogs for a walk in the spring sunshine not long before the blast . She returned to find it looking like a bomb site , with rubble strewn across her garden and her belongings left exposed to the elements . The explosion originated in the kitchen , prompting the emergency services to believe that it was caused by a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank . Although there was serious damage to the remaining walls and roof , some of the content of the rooms remained intact . Books were still lined up neatly on shelves in the downstairs office , a painting still hung on a remaining wall and the computer seemed unscathed . What remains of the detached home , called Bleak House , in Theddlethorpe , Lincolnshire , will have to be ` flattened ' , according to Miss House 's father . George House , 86 , who has owned the property for 53 years and lives on the same street with his wife Hilda , said : ` My daughter was out walking the dogs at the time . She lives there alone and it was really lucky that she was n't there . ` She is too upset to talk about it . Due to it being bank holiday there is nothing we can do with it at the moment . ' An upstairs bedroom , still with a bed and chest of drawers in tact , is visible from the garden as the wall of the room was completely blown off . Kevin Hinson was in his garden half a mile away when he heard what he described as a ` big bang ' , but mistook it for a bomb going off . The explosion is believed to have happened in the kitchen of the poultry farm - called Bleak House - which had a propane-fed gas supply . Wendy Matkin , who lives a couple of hundred yards away from the destroyed farmhouse , said : ` I felt the whole house shake ' Fire service group manager Sean King said if the owners of the property were in at the time ` it could have been a very different story ' A spokesman for Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service said the gas leak originated in the kitchen . Firefighters were able to put out a small fire without entering the home in case of any collapse . Wrecked : Pieces of brick , windows and plaster lie scattered across the garden , leaving the interior of the home completely visible . Residents in Theddlethorpe said the explosion was heard across the village . Kevin Hinson was in his garden half a mile away when he heard a ` big bang ' . He said he initially thought it was a bomb being tested at the nearby RAF Donna Nook airbase . He added : ` It was a massive explosion . I 'm just thankful nobody was hurt . ' Emergency crews put out a small fire after the explosion , which took place around 4.30 pm on Sunday . The police have launched an investigation to determine what caused the blast , but are not treating it as suspicious . Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof . Police and fire crews have launched an investigation into the explosion , which happened in Theddlethorpe , Lincolnshire , but are not treating it as suspicious .