Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw against the Montreal Impact in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final . The second-half substitute headed home a cross from Argentine midfielder Rubens Sambueza . Argentine striker Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead when he converted Andres Romero 's ball in early in the first half . Ignaciio Piatti celebrates after opening the scoring with the message ` Grandfather I love you ' Piatti celebrates with team-mate Dilly Duka after putting the Canadian side in front . Oribe Peralta beats Callum Mallace to the ball to head home the equaliser for America . Nigel Reo-Coker celebrates with his team-mates after the opening goal . Peralta celebrates after his goal ensured the CONCACAF Champions League final remains finely balanced . Goalkeeper Evan Bush of Canada 's Montreal Impact is seen with a laser beam on his eye . 1997-04 Wimbledon . 2004-07 West Ham . 2007-11 Aston Villa . 2011-12 Bolton . 2012-13 Ipswich . 2013-14 Vancouver Whitecaps . 2014 Chivas USA . 2015 - Montreal Impact . Nigel Reo-Coker , formerly of West Ham and Aston Villa , captained the Impact for 76 minutes before he was replaced . ` I think it 's a great result for us , ' he said . ` It was not an easy place to come and get a result . At times , we played some great football and we showed what we were capable as a team . We could have done a little bit more some other times , but in the end , we kept ourselves in it . ' Reo-Coker 's coach Frank Klopas added : ; ` A 1-0 win would have been great , but I think a 1-1 draw gives us confidence for the second leg . ' Montreal now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg , to be played next Wednesday night at home at Olympic Stadium , to become the first Canadian team to win the CONCACAF tournament . Reo-Coker captained the Impact to a credible draw against America . Callum Wallace passes the ball past Darwin Quintero and Erik Pimente during the draw . Erik Pimentel -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball with Dilly Duka in the first leg of the final . Peralta launches into a diving header during his side 's draw with the Impact . America are bidding to win their fifth CONCACAF championship and their first since 2006 . ` Despite not getting a win , the tie gives me good vibrations because it 's hard to generate football and we had like 12 or 13 scoring chances today , ' America coach Gustavo Matosas said . ` Fortunately , for us Oribe came through for us . Montreal is a good team , that 's why they are at the final , but I 'm confident that we can get a win at their place . ' The Impact , the first Canadian team to appear in a CONCACAF final , are trying to become the first non-Mexican team to win the tournament since Costa Rica 's Saprissa in 2005 .