In-form winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield secured a 38-14 Super League victory against Catalans Dragons to end a three-match losing run . Murphy , player of the month for February and March , went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from Jake Connor 's pass . He was then on hand when Ukuma Ta'ai , who also scored twice , caught and off-loaded a kick from Danny Brough on 37 minutes . In-form winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons . Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy , 27 , has now scored six tries in his last five appearances . Having fallen behind Catalans hit back to lead 8-6 - with scrum-half Scott Dureau bagging all of their points . He scored a try on 21 minutes when Elliot Whitehead passed inside after a solo dash past two players split the Giants defence . Dureau converted and then added a penalty goal on 24 minutes for a poor shoulder charge on him by Joe Wardle . Wardle was restored to the Giants line-up after being suspended for last week 's defeat by St Helens for a dangerous throw on Ben Cockayne . Huddersfield responded with three tries in 10 minutes at the end of the first half - and it could have been more . Connor nearly put Murphy in again down the left on 27 minutes while Leroy Cudjoe was held up on the right flank after Brough 's break from deep . In between Ta'ai pounced for a try when a Dragons defender fumbled a high kick from Brough on 30 minutes . Scotland star Brough , whose kicking caused problems for the visitors all game , was at it twice more before half-time . His kick led to Murphy 's second try and then another Brough bomb was dropped on the hooter by a defender and Cudjoe pounced . Brough , who took his tally to 58 points for the season with three earlier conversions , this time hit the post . Huddersfield led 22-8 at the break , with the sides trading tries after the restart as Catalans narrowed the gap to 26-14 . Julian Bousquet scored a converted try on 45 minutes while Jermaine McGillvary went over at the other end eight minutes later . There was controversy on 62 minutes when a simmering feud between Cudjoe and Willie Tong boiled over . The pair seemed to exchange words and former NRL star Tong responded by appearing to headbutt Cudjoe right in front of referee Robert Hicks . Tong was sin-binned and Cudjoe got a verbal warning in the presence of Giants skipper Brough . Huddersfield took full advantage of the extra man by running in two quick tries , first from Ta'ai a minute later and then Scott Grix on 65 minutes . There was no further score , but Louis Anderson lost his temper late on as Huddersfield defensively shut the game down .