The Football Association will be contacting QPR and Chelsea after an incident which saw Branislav Ivanovic struck on the head by a cigarette lighter thrown from a section of home supporters at Loftus Road . QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident which happened as Chelsea players celebrated the winning goal in Sunday 's 1-0 victory . It is understood however that the FA will seek observations from each club and will ensure that QPR and the police are taking the necessary steps to identify the culprit via CCTV and for them to face a banning order . Jubilant Chelsea celebrations were marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch by the crowd . During the Chelsea celebrations at Loftus Road , the Blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd . QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved . They have also appealed to witnesses to come forward . A club spokesperson said : ` Whilst we understand that passions run high during derby fixtures , this is not the kind of behaviour the club condones in any way , shape or form . ` We take a zero tolerance approach to this sort of behaviour and , if the perpetrators are identified , they will be banned indefinitely from the stadium and , where appropriate , we will liaise with the Metropolitan Police . Chelsea duo Nemanja Matic -LRB- left -RRB- and Branislav Ivanovic react after being struck with objects . Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic hands over a coin to referee Andre Marriner during the match on Sunday . The Loftus Road pitch was covered in litter and objects following the west London derby contest on Sunday . ` The club are awaiting communication from the FA following the referee 's report and will work closely with them in ensuring something like this does not happen again . ` We would also appeal to fans with any information regarding yesterday 's incident to contact the club , as we feel it 's important to identify the perpetrators as soon as possible , as we believe they are not a true representation of the QPR fan-base . '