If Charlie Austin played for a big club he would be in the England team by now . That 's the populist stance , anyway , and parroting it is much easier than working through the logistics . If we think a squad should contain four strikers , who should Roy Hodgson drop to make way ? Wayne Rooney , the captain , poised to overtake Sir Bobby Charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in England 's history ? Danny Welbeck , the top scorer across this European Championship qualifying round , with six goals in five games ? Harry Kane , English football 's leading goalscorer -- or Daniel Sturridge , the man whose partnership with Luis Suarez almost propelled Liverpool to the title last season ? Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR . Austin scored in QPR 's 3-3 draw with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday night . Harry Kane -LRB- left -RRB- and Wayne Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- started in England 's recent 1-1 draw with Italy . Every few years an England manager must ride this accusation of big-club favouritism . Remember when Grant Holt of Norwich City was thought to have been unjustly ignored by Hodgson in 2012 ? Not hearing so much of that since his career nosedived into the Championship , and probably League One , with Wigan Athletic . Austin is different from Holt , whose finest form came towards the end of his career . He will probably move on from Queens Park Rangers at the end of the season and may even earn an England call-up then . Critics will say it is because he now plays for a fashionable club . That is n't true . Austin has had an excellent year but England have goal-scorers who are in even better form , or have earned their place in the squad . Make no mistake , if he was playing this well as a right back or centre half , he 'd have made his debut long ago . Daniel Sturridge -LRB- left -RRB- and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson 's pecking order . There was a clamour for Grant Holt to be named in the England squad during his time at Norwich .