While Easter in the UK is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in Greece they mark the day slightly differently - and a week later . As Orthodox Easter Sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ` mock war ' . Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held -- even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire . Fortunately , severe injuries are rare in Vrontados during the fiery celebrations . Although small firework displays are held at churches around the country at midnight services on Easter Saturday - despite official disapproval from Church officials - Vrontados is in a league of its own , drawing spectators from all over Greece and abroad . The custom dates back to the 19th century , when the island was under Turkish occupation , but may have older roots . Preparations last all year , while on the Saturday morning participants parade their hardware through the village in lorries , honking their horns . Easter Sunday was celebrated in services across Europe , with thousands of people attending church in Greece , Russia , Turkey and the Balkans to mark the most important day of the Christian calendar - Jesus Christ 's resurrection from the dead . Russian president Vladimir Putin attended the Easter Sunday service in Moscow , meeting with the Patriach of Moscow and all Russia Kirill , while Pope Francis held a commemorative service in St Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican with Armenian clergy to mark 100 years since the Armenian Genocide . Scroll down for video . While Easter in the UK is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in Greece they mark the day slightly differently with thousands of homemade rockets . St. Mark 's and Panagia Erithiani church congregations perform ` Rocket War ' by firing thousands of home-made rockets across the sky . The rockets created beautiful patterns against the deep blue evening sky including swirls , spirals and vivid bright lines . Hundreds of people honour the tradition and the aim of throwing the rockets is to hit the bell tower of the church at the other side . Young men ignite homemade rockets during the Orthodox Easter celebrations on the island of Chios , Greece , on Saturday night . In the traditional , annual ` war ' , the church towers of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani are pelted with rockets and fireworks . Incredible images resembling a war scene show the spectacle , which attracts visitors from across Greece and further afield to watch . A man wearing just a t-shirt stands next to a huge rocket as another man hoists it on to his shoulder as it begins to spark . Rockets shoot and sparkle through the sky , falling over the courtyard of the Panagia Erithiani church in the village of Vrontados . Dozens of people still went to mass and prayed at Panagia Erithiani on Saturday evening - despite people shooting rockets at its tower . The bright orange rockets are fired very close to a group of men , who stand in black and green shirts near a wooden shelter . Dozens of the rockets are lined up on a platform , which is set at a slight angle to ensure the rockets are successfully fired . A brave man with his sleeves rolled up bends over a platform and lights another rocket amid smoke and sparks . Locals from the two rival churches of Agios Markos and Panagia Erithiani spend hours firing the rockets and even light them by hand . Sparks fly after a rocket falls on the marbled courtyard of the church . The traditionally ` battle ' is thought to date back to the 19th century . A rocket is ignited during the ` battle ' . Orthodox Easter Sunday is marked a week later than in the Roman Catholic and Anglican church . A group of people clutching cameras and phones stand in front of red and white tape to look at the rockets as they exploded in the sky . Hundreds of rockets are fired in different directions , creating two distinct arches over different parts of the town . A young girl pulling a black scarf with green stars round her mouth hides her face as rockets go off in the distance . A young boy clutches four rockets while he lays others on a wooden floor . He is helped by two men wearing scarves round their necks . Ecumenical patriarch Bartholomew I , the spiritual leader of Greek Orthodox world , greets a baby at the Easter Sunday ceremony in Istanbul . Russian President Vladimir Putin -LRB- R -RRB- speaks with Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia Kirill during an Orthodox Easter service in Moscow . The Eastern Orthodox Church is one of the three main Christian groups , with around 200 million believers . In basic terms , Orthodox Christians believe - like Roman Catholic and Protestant followers - that God revealed himself to Jesus , that he was God incarnate on earth , that he was crucified on the cross and was resurrected . Within the Orthodox faith there a different churches , with their own geographical title that reflect the cultural traditions of their believers - drawing on Greek , Middle-Eastern , Russian and Slav culture . Difference between the faiths include their approaches to women priests , whether the mother of Jesus Mary was sinless and the significance of the Eucharist in mass . . Unlike Catholics and Protestants , Orthodox Christians celebrate Easter - the celebration of Jesus ' resurrection from the dead - using the Julian calendar , while the others mark it according with the Gregorian calendar . Sources : BBC Religion , Christianity in View . The remnants of hundreds of handmade rockets fall on the courtyard of Agios Marksos church after the spectacular display . Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill conducts the Easter service in Christ the Savior Cathedral in Moscow in front of hundreds of people . In the left picture Russian President Vladimir Putin -LRB- R -RRB- , Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev -LRB- L -RRB- and his wife Svetlana -LRB- C -RRB- attend the Easter service in Christ the Savior Cathedral , while Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill , right , lights candles in the service . The head of the Roman Catholic Church Pope Francis embraces the head of the Armenia 's Orthodox Church Karekin II , during an Armenian-Rite Mass marking the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide - held in St Peter 's Basilica within the Vatican . Ukrainians bow their heads as they light candles during an Orthodox Easter mass in the Mikhailovsky Cathedral in the capital city of Kiev . Two women light thin , yellow candles and stick them in holes in the surface surrounding a large gold ornamental pole . A crowd light candles and what looks like thick strands of wax in front of St Sava temple during an Orthodox Easter service in Belgrade . A Kyrgyz Orthodox woman lights candles placed in wicket baskets with bread and other treats during a midnight mass in Bishkek . Easter Sunday celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ and is regarded by Christians as their most important religious festival . A woman clutches a candle and what looks to be an incense stick as others queue at the Cathedral of the Transfiguration of Jesus . Men and women queue so they can kiss an image , which is set in front of two huge bouquets of white and yellow flowers . Holding candles and an icon of Jesus Christ 's resurrection , Orthodox priests walk in a procession in Skopje , the capital of Macedonia .