Dutch darts duo Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld 's current form could n't be further apart as they head into Premier League Darts ' ninth leg in Manchester on Thursday . World No 1 Van Gerwen , 25 , beat countryman Van Barneveld , 47 , 7-2 last week to remain undefeated and leave the veteran four-time World Championship winner on the brink of elimination . With one aiming to keep his feet on the ground while flying high and the other searching for a way back to former glory , there could be few better sources of inspiration than Old Trafford , where the pair posed with compatriots Manchester United stars Daley Blind and Robin van Persie on Wednesday . Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld -LRB- centre -RRB- pose with compatriots Daley Blind -LRB- left -RRB- and Robin van Persie -LRB- right -RRB- at Old Trafford on Wednesday . Dutch darts duo Van Barneveld and Van Gerwen with point to Robin van Persie 's shirt at Old Trafford . Van Barneveld -LRB- left -RRB- and Van Gerwen pose in front of the No 17 shirt worn by another countryman , Daley Blind . ` Bullseye ! Dutch darts legends Raymond van Barneveld and Michael van Gerwen enjoyed a tour of Old Trafford today , ' posted the club 's official Instagram as they hosted the darts icons . Van Gerwen was sensational in Dublin last Thursday averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s , as well as narrowly missing a nine-darter , but with the 10-man field being cut by two after Thursday 's matches his compatriot could be leaving the tournament early . Both players showed immense respect for each other after the game , taking to Twitter to pay tribute to their opponent . Van Persie tweeted this picture of him Blind , Van Gerwen and Van Barneveld at a dinner table . Blind claimed to have been on the winning team in his post on Instagram . World No 1 Van Gerwen beat Van Barneveld 7-2 last week to stay undfeated in Premier League Darts . Defeat by Gary Anderson on Thursday could spell elimination for Van Barneveld . ` I gave it my all . It was not enough , back to the practise board . Happy with my game , tonight ` Van Gerwen -RRB- was too good , congrats ! ' he wrote to his BarneyArmy supporters . Van Gerwen was gracious in victory : ` Always special to win against a great player in -LRB- Van Barneveld -RRB- . So happy to get the points and stay unbeaten . Dublin you were fantastic . ' The eight who remain will go on to Sheffield , Aberdeen , Cardiff , Birmingham , Newcastle and Brightton before the play-offs at The O2 in London on May 21 . Van Barneveld faces Gary Anderson and defeat will end the defending champion 's campaign but he 's not letting the occasion get to him . ` I do n't feel any pressure , ' he told Sky Sports . ` I 'm aware that I 'm the defending champion and I 'm aware that I 'm among the nine best players in the world . ' The two Vans connected with more Dutchman , and a fellow Van , with pictures taken in front of shirts bearing the names of Robin van Persie and Daley Blind . Louis van Gaal was nowhere to be seen but he has a fan in the world No 1 , who had faith he would succeed in the Premier League after his work with their national team . ` No one gave him anything for this World Cup and he did it - he got them to the semi-final , ' he said ahead of the former Ajax and Bayern Munich boss 's appointment . ` But not only that he has worked for all the big teams and now he is jumping into a big task at Man United . He will make them better - I know he will . '