Argentina internationals from Manchester City and Manchester United looked delighted as they joined forces on Sunday night , enjoying a meal with their partners in the city centre . Stars such as Angel di Maria , Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian Restaurant . The United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday , while the City men were still on a high following a comfortable victory over West Ham . A host of Argentine stars including Angel di Maria -LRB- left -RRB- and Willy Caballero -LRB- right -RRB- dined out together at San Carlo restaurant on Sunday along with Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes . United 's £ 60million record summer signing was joined by his wife Jorgelina Cardoso for the evening . Martin Demichelis -LRB- left -RRB- and his wife Evangelina Anderson greet City defender Pablo Zabaleta . Victor Valdes was also present as another Spanish-speaker , and is pictured greeting fellow No 2 goalkeeper Willy Cabellero outside the restaurant . The players are said to have dined for around four hours at San Carlo , finishing up at around midnight . Di Maria , joined by wife Jorgelina Cardoso , Valdes with Yolanda Cardona , and Rojo with partner Eugenia Lusardo made up the United presence . United 's No 2 goalkeeper Victor Valdes was also in attendance along with his partner Yolanda Cardona . Red Devils defender Marcos Rojo leaves San Carlo restaurant with wife Eugenia Lusardo . Rojo was ruled out of United 's weekend clash against Chelsea with a stomach injury , but seemed in fine spirits on Sunday night , laughing and joking with his supposed rivals . Caballero , Zabaleta and Martin Demichelis were the City players pictured , fresh from beating West Ham at the Etihad Stadium earlier in the day . Lucia Caballero , Christel Castano and Evangelina Anderson joined their respective partners for the meal , which seemed to turn into a mini Argentine invasion . Valdes embraces City goalkeeper Caballero as the group say their farewells outside the Italian restaurant . Valdes , who is yet to make a first team appearance for United , joined his City rivals for a meal . 30year-old defender Zabaleta leaves the popular nightspot with spouse Christel Castano -LRB- left -RRB- . Former Real Madrid man Di Maria -LRB- right -RRB- made a cameo appearance during Chelsea 's 1-0 victory on Saturday . United boss Louis van Gaal -LRB- right -RRB- gestures towards the referee during the Premier League clash . United 's £ 60million record signing Di Maria had to settle for yet another cameo appearance on Saturday after entering the fray in place of Ashley Young after 70 minutes . Di Maria was unable to help his side find a goal , despite United dominating Chelsea for large parts of the Stamford Bridge clash . A low strike from Belgian star Eden Hazard was enough to hand Jose Mourinho 's side a crucial three points as they look to close in on the Premier League title . Eden Hazard celebrates giving Chelsea a 1-0 lead in the 5.30 pm kick-off at Stamford Bridge . Remaining fixtures . Aston Villa -LRB- home -RRB- - April 25 . Tottenham -LRB- away -RRB- - May 3 . QPR -LRB- home -RRB- - May 10 . Swansea -LRB- away -RRB- - May 17 . Southampton -LRB- home -RRB- - May 24 . Remaining fixtures . Everton -LRB- away -RRB- - April 26 . West Brom -LRB- home -RRB- - May 2 . Crystal Palace -LRB- away -RRB- - May 9 . Arsenal -LRB- home -RRB- - May 17 . Hull -LRB- away -RRB- - May 24 . The west London club managed to defeat United with just 29 per cent possession in a game which Van Gaal claimed had been his side 's best performance this season . ` I am not frustrated . I am very proud of my team , ' he told BBC Sport . ` We played our best match of the season but in football you can lose a match even when you are the better team . ' Manuel Pellegrini 's side , meanwhile , strolled to victory against West Ham thanks to goals an own goal from James Collins and Sergio Aguero 's 20th Premier League strike of the season . Sergio Aguero slotted City into a two goal lead after a flowing counter attack against West Ham . The Argentine striker sprints away in celebration having fired in his 20th league goal of the season . The victory meant City closed the gap on rivals United to just one point as the Etihad side look to remain in the top four after their aspirations of retaining the Premier League title slipped away . Defeats in six of the previous eight games had left the champions ' title defence in tatters and even put their top-four place in jeopardy . Pellegrini , whose position is also under heavy scrutiny , said after the game : ` It was important to be a consistent team and we played - especially for the first 65 minutes until the injury of David that was a distraction - as a consistent team . ` In other games we have played some minutes but today I think we played the whole game . '