While many tattoos hold a certain symbolism to their bearer , the design chosen by someone getting their first ink at the age of 80 must have an incredibly special meaning . ABC2 's new show , Tattoo Tales , follows the journey of some of the customers of Bondi Ink , a busy tattoo parlour on Sydney 's Eastern beaches , including Jan Bearman , who was prompted by the death of her beloved daughter to make a decision that took the rest of her family and friends by surprise . ` Before I lost my darling Shell I would n't have dreamed of having a tattoo . But when something like that happens you 're left grasping at straws . There 's a hole left in your life and all you can do is say your prayers , ' Jan told Daily Mail Australia . For the past three years , Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell , who died of complications from diabetes in . Jan 's daughter Shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes . ` There were reminders of her all around me , and I decided to get a reminder of her on me , ' Jan , now 83 , said . When Shelley , who was fondly nicknamed Shell , died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications of the diabetes she had lived with for nearly all her life , two of Jan 's granddaughters and Shell 's husband decided to get tattoos in memory of her . ` And then I just could n't think of a reason to not get one , ' Jan said . ` Shell was just such a gorgeous girl . It 's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that 's never filled again . You do these things as a memorial , to carry -LSB- her -RSB- with you , ' she said . Jan said that when she announced her decision to her family , they were quite surprised but supportive the unexpected move from the now 83-year-old . ` I think they were a bit surprised but they did n't say `` do n't do it '' , they said `` go ahead if it will make you feel better '' , ' she said . ` I tried to con my other daughter into getting one too but she was n't having any of it . ' Soon after the decision had been made , Jan was spending the day with one of Shell 's daughters , when they passed Bondi Ink . ` Shell was just such a gorgeous girl , ' said Jan -LRB- left -RRB- of her eldest daughter , with her other daughter Lisa -LRB- right -RRB- . Jan getting her third tattoo , a shell , by tattoo artist Shaun ` Bones ' from Bondi Ink . Jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her . ` She popped in and asked if they had a spare moment to chat about getting a tattoo . They asked her `` oh , are you thinking of getting one '' , and she said `` no , it 's for my grandmother '' , ' Jan said . ` The man at the counter said `` that 's gold '' , and it went from there , ' she said . For her 80th birthday , Jan had Shell 's name inked on her upper arm near her shoulder , along with a cross , and said that she was surprised at how painless it was . ` I was surprised to be honest . I do n't know if I 'm a bit tough , but it certainly was n't unbearable , ' Jan said . ` There are parts of the body that are easier , and one of those is the arm , which is where I got mine , ' she said . The now-83-year-old was n't done with just the one tattoo , and continued coming back to the studio each year for another tattoo to commemorate her daughter , tattooing the initials of her three children above the cross on her second run . In the second episode of Tattoo Tales , Jan gets her third tattoo - a beautiful coloured shell below her daughter 's name . ` Nobody sees it but me , it 's just my family who knows and the friends I 've mentioned it to , ' Jan said . Jan got a shell as her third tattoo , in memory of her daughter Shelley , who was nicknamed Shell . ` I do n't know if I 'm a bit tough , but -LSB- the pain -RSB- certainly was n't unbearable , ' Jan said of her experience in the chair . Jan with her daughter and granddaughters at one of their ` girls lunches ' in Sydney . ` Shell did n't have any tattoos but I 'd like to think she 'd have a smile to herself if she saw them on me , ' she said . Jan said that she used to not be a fan of tattoos , but that now she does n't assume that people are different simply because they are inked . ` I 'd be a hypocrite if I did . I do n't hold anything different against them , although I do worry when I see young girls with tattoos all over them that they 'll go through life and get older and be sorry they got so many , ' she said . Jan is unsure whether she will continue to go back for more tattoos on her birthday as has become the tradition . The owner of Bondi Ink , John , said that this year 's tattoo was his ` birthday present ' to Jan , and insisted she come back for her gift next year . ` He always gives me a big hug , and says `` see you next year '' , ' she said . Jan said that the restaurant where she has her birthday lunch each year is right across the road from Bondi Ink , which may prove tempting . ` I think I 've done my dash . The birthday lunch get-togethers are always so nice though , so maybe I will get another one later , ' she said . Jan features in episode two of Tattoo Tales which airs on ABC2 on Wednesday April 9 at 9.40 pm . Episode Two of Tattoo Tales airs on ABC2 on Wednesday April 9 at 9.40 pm .