Sri Lanka , with its shimmering sandy beaches , enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations , is high on lists of places to visit in 2015 . Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering , and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels , after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war . The modern Seema Malaka temple , Colombo , Sri Lanka . The temple floats on Colombo 's Beira Lake . 1 ... Pure serendipity . This is the spiritual home of serendipity -- lucky discoveries by accident -- as Serendib is the island 's ancient name . It happens everywhere . On one of my early starts for an excursion , serendipity was seeing dozens of candles flickering in the dense dark outside a Buddhist temple . Then a schoolgirl in brilliant white uniform striding through the dawn mists along a levee between paddy fields , while an equally white egret paced daintily in the water . Or an old lady , knee-deep in a swamp picking blue water lilies , the national flower . And everywhere , games of impromptu cricket , with a stick for a bat and a plastic drum for a wicket , on bare mud patches , in gardens , on roads . Bath time ! A frolicking elephant at the Uda Walawe nature reserve has around 200 of the giant creatures . 2 ... Jumbo jaunt . The island 's unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka . You ca n't miss them . My most memorable jumbo encounter was at the Uda Walawe nature reserve . We watched in awe as an extended family ambled across our track . One juvenile pushed over a tree , just for fun , it seemed . Last across was a harassed young mother , sheltering a three-week-old baby . In the right season you might see 200 elephants at the lake in Minneriya National Park . The distinguished star in Yala National Park is the ` prince of the night ' -- the leopard . Picture perfect ! A tea Planatation near Hunas Falls near Kandy Sri Lanka . 3 ... Old England . The nearest thing to cool in Sri Lanka is its green and hilly heart , where tea plantations are a fascinating sight . Kandy , where the British beat the last king of Ceylon in 1815 , still feels like a charming , antique outpost of empire . It is dotted with guesthouses that recall Tunbridge Wells . The colonial throwbacks include a bus station clock that chimes like Big Ben . There are red King George V post boxes and immaculate old Morris Minors , Hillman Minxes and Ford Anglias . I stayed at the Queen 's Hotel , all echoing wooden corridors and wide , polished staircases . In the Botanical Gardens , I found the tree that Queen Elizabeth planted . In the serenity of the Temple of the Tooth , what is said to be the Buddha 's tooth is kept safe within the innermost of seven caskets . Sigiriya is an ancient palace located in the central Matale District near the town of Dambulla in the Central Province . The name refers to a site that hosues a massive column of rock nearly 660 ft high . 4 ... Rock of ages . Sigiriya is a quarter the size of Ayers Rock , topped with the 1,500-year-old fortress of the playboy King Kasyapa . He killed his father and surrounded himself with a crocodile-filled moat to exclude his vengeful brother . I decided against the one-hour , 900ft climb to the top for the ancient frescoes and spicy graffiti . Instead I strolled into the jungle that smothers the massive defensive stones at the rock 's base . Huge , golden-green butterflies fluttered past . A strange symphony of birds burbled out of the trees -- Sri Lanka has many wonderful avian species . In a gap in the canopy I caught a flash of orange at the top of the rock . It was a Buddhist monk in his vivid garb . Yet more serendipity . Not the usual black cab : Taxi rank of tuk-tuks line the streets in Negombo in Sri Lanka . 5 ... TAKE THE TUK-TUK . Most visitors stay on the west and south coasts where , as well as standard tourist hotels , there is a growing choice of chic , small places such as Tri , a ten-suite boutique hotel near the south coast that opens in June . Then you can book trips by coach or car -LRB- with your own private driver -RRB- to most parts of Sri Lanka . For short distances the ubiquitous motorised tuk-tuks are fun . Do n't even consider hiring a car . Roads are an all-day adrenaline rush . You need an expert at the wheel to dodge the massive Ashok Leyland Tusker lorries painted with idealised landscapes , jam-packed buses and wobbling bikes with impossible loads . Paradise ! A golden beach with turquise waters at Unawatuna near Galle on the south coast of Sri Lanka . 6 ... JUST THE -LRB- TRAIN -RRB- TICKET . The little station on the Colombo to Galle line close by my hotel felt like a slumbering country halt from 1950s Britain . Behind the ticket office 's narrow arched window , a clerk consulted his tomes and solemnly outlined my choices -- I opted for a 90-minute trip in second class for 50p . On the platform I joined goats and men there just for a chat . We lurched off down the tragic -LRB- it bore the brunt of the 2004 tsunami -RRB- and beautiful coast to Galle . Another epic rail journey is Colombo to Trincomalee , the east coast city closed to the world by civil war until recently and still to be discovered by tourism . It 's just £ 2 one way . More information at srilanka.travel . Precious peg ! The Temple of the Tooth near Kandy , houses a tooth relic of the Buddha .