Crusaders in Chains . by Robin Esser . -LRB- Palatino £ 9.99 -RRB- . Journalists tend to be a fund of good stories and Robin Esser , who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years , is no exception . What shines through this memoir is that journalism is a serious business , but it is also fun . His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express . Robin Esser -LRB- pictured -RRB- has worked in newspapers for 60 years . Once , he answered the phone and an aristocratic voice said : ` Marlborough here . That awful chap Bedford has been round Blenheim writing `` Woburn is better '' on our brochures and giving them to our visitors . That 's the sort of thing you like to print in your newspaper , is n't it ? ' He put the phone down without further conversation . Fearing a hoax , Esser rang Blenheim Palace , home to the Duke of Marlborough , where the butler said , haughtily , that the Duke never spoke to the Press and was in his bath , so could n't be disturbed . Esser pointed out that the Duke would be cross -- very cross -- with the butler if he was not asked to confirm his call . A chastened butler later called back to confirm that the Duke himself had , indeed , called Esser . Esser rang Woburn , where the Duke of Bedford confirmed the story . Next , he sent a motorcyclist to Blenheim to pick up a brochure and then ride over to Woburn to get it signed and brought back to Fleet Street . It was the lead story in William Hickey next day . At that time , the Daily Express was owned by Lord Beaverbrook . He rang Esser to say how much he enjoyed the tale . Often , however , his calls about the subject of a story would be more ominous . ` Very good story in your column this morning , Mr Esser , ' he would say . ` I hope it is true . ' ` I believe so , Lord Beaverbrook . ' ` Good , I 'm lunching with him today , ' he would bark . Esser worked in Fleet Street during the glory days , when reporters kept four pennies in their pockets for the telephone box , a knife to puncture the tyres of rival reporters ' cars , and enjoyed liquid lunches on expenses . Esser describes a lunch with an Express editor , during which they drank champagne , a goblet of dry sherry , a bottle of Chablis , two bottles of claret , a couple of Cognacs and , finally , several glasses of port . The editor went back to work . Esser went to bed . The editor died young . But more good stories were elicited over a boozy lunch than can ever come from a tuna sandwich at the desk . And they were also the days when Esser , as editor of William Hickey , could ring Aristotle Onassis on his yacht at Monte Carlo and be invited over to meet Maria Callas . Or plot with John Paul Getty , then the world 's richest private citizen , to disentangle himself from his girlfriend , Marie , who had moved into his Sutton Place home and was angling for marriage . Esser suggested an interview in which oil billionaire Getty made it plain that he was never going to remarry , with the headline ` I 'm married to an oil rag ' , i.e. my oil business comes before women . Shortly afterwards , Getty and Marie were dining with the paper 's proprietor , Lord Beaverbrook . Marie complained about Esser and said the story he 'd written was n't true . Beaverbrook turned to Getty -- who said that , on the contrary , it was the only article ever written about him that was 100 per cent true . Marie packed her bags and left . A grateful Getty gave Esser the freedom of Sutton Place . The peak of Esser 's 60-year career came when he was editor of the Sunday Express , which then sold two million copies a week . Esser is now an elder statesman of the national Press and works for the Daily Mail , where he is a leader of the fight against attempts by the state to extend its control over the media and to put newspapers in chains . He is particularly critical of the recommendations in the Leveson Report that threaten the right to protect journalists ' sources , and which mean information acquired confidentially can be seized by the police . He points out that legislation designed to have a chilling effect on investigative journalism already exists -- laws on contempt of court , data protection , bribery , harassment and terrorism , among others . There is also the arrival by the back door of a privacy law . The British Press is now regulated and self-regulated to such an extent , he says , that it is only half-free . The ` outrageous ' recommendation that whistleblowers should report misgivings only to the organisation that is responsible for the abuses -- never to the media -- guarantees that fewer scandals will be exposed . At least one politician -- the Tory veteran Kenneth Clarke -- gets Esser 's blessing , though . The Information Commissioner , Chris Graham , had been campaigning for prison sentences for those who breached the Data Protection Act ; newspapers worried almost any inquiry by a journalist risked being classified as a breach . Clarke and Esser were sitting together at a conference when Graham approached them and made his pitch for prison punishment . ` If you think I am going to stuff my jails full of people who break your Act , you have another think coming , ' Ken Clarke roared . Of course newspapers must continue to entertain , Esser concludes , but they must also be a thorn in the sides of those in power , wrongdoers and those who abuse the young and old .