Holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight . After five customers reported having ` thermal incidents ' , Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado - SUV or ute - to have their cars checked out immediately . Spanning just over a year , the models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015 . After five customers reported having ` thermal incidents ' , Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado - SUV or ute - to have their cars checked out immediately . This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 . Last year , Holden shared the title of most recalls with Jeep after issuing 14 notices to recall around nine vehicles - including the Holden Barina , the Holden Cruze and the Holden TJ Trax - amid safety concerns . A website run by the federal government confirmed there is a risk ` cable insulation ' in the Colorado ` may melt of catch fire . ' Holden said the issue is caused by an alternator cable making unnecessary contact with a steel bracket on the battery tray . They said under certain driving conditions the movement of the engine could cause the cable to rub through the insulation , potentially causing a short circuit . This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 , with five recalls in only four months . ` If the short circuit creates sufficient heat , there is a risk that the cable insulation may melt or potentially catch fire , ' Holden told Newscorp in a statement . Holden said drivers should look out for warning signs that their car may be affected , like a battery warning light on the dash board , or in more serious cases a ` small amount of smoke ' seen coming from the engine bay . Earlier this month , Holden recalled the Korean-made Captiva after concerns that the SUV may lurch forward if the key was left in the ignition for too long . This brings Holden to a total of five recalls in the first four months of this year . Holden revealed that if the short circuit creates sufficient heat , there is a risk that the cable insulation may melt or potentially catch fire -LRB- Stock photo -RRB- . This comes as the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission -LRB- ACCC -RRB- announced figures that show the number of safety recalls in Australia are steadily on the rise . The ACCC monitored 307 recalls in 2014 , a 14 per cent increase from 2013 where they only monitored 268 recalls . The figures show there has been a consistent increase in recalls dating back to 2010 . Recalls the ACCC have monitored in Australia included a punching bag that contained nails and needles , a vacuum that put users at risk of electric shock and burns , an ` egg free ' ice cream that contained egg whites and a spear gun that fired without warning . Senator Madigan , a former Democratic Labor Party representative told Farifax he blamed the rise in recalls on a ` systemic regulatory failure ' to protect Australians from substandard imported products . ` There is definitely more faulty stuff around , but I do think that people are becoming a little bit more aware , and sick of it . There 's a lot of these cheap places where you can go and buy cheap stuff , but it 's not cheap if it does n't last , ' he warned .