Pep Guardiola hit his critics for six as Bayern Munich trounced Porto to reach the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday night . It was an emphatic statement of intent : the German juggernaught is steaming towards the final in Berlin on June 6 . The six goals smashed past the hapless Portuguese pretenders in the quarter-final second leg at the Allianz Arena now takes Bayern 's goals total for the season to a spectacular and barely believable 115 . And they 're not done yet , not by a long way . Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title , the German Cup semi-final against Borussia Dortmund on April 28 , and potentially three Champions League matches , should they reach the final . If Guardiola 's goalscoring machine churns them out at their current rate of 2.61 per game , that would mean an eyewatering total of 141 goals for the season . It is n't Guardiola who should be feeling the pressure - it 's the rest of Europe . Here is a breakdown of Bayern 's staggering goalscoring so far this season . Bayern Munich celebrated a 6-1 Champions League victory over Porto to continue their incredible scoring . Thiago Alcantara -LRB- left -RRB- heads in the opening goal of Bayern 's rout against Porto . Robert Lewandowski -LRB- centre -RRB- scores his team 's third goal against Porto at Allianz Arena on Tuesday . Sebastian Rode -LRB- left -RRB- scores his side 's opening goal against Hoffenheim last Saturday . Robert Lewandowski -LRB- second left -RRB- scores past Joe Hart during Bayern 's win at Manchester City in November . Mario Gotze -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates his goal after slotting past Hamburg goalkeeper Jaroslav Drobny -LRB- right -RRB- . Thomas Muller slots home a penalty against Shakhtar Donetsk at Allianz Arena in March . Arjen Robben celebrates scoring Bayern 's third goal against Cologne in February . Jerome Boateng -LRB- 17 -RRB- slots home unmarked against Shakhtar Donetsk in February . Holger Badstuber -LRB- 28 -RRB- heads in Bayern 's fifth goal against the Ukrainian side during another emphatic victory .