A father who was arrested for using medical cannabis on his critically ill two-year-old daughter has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug as her health continues to decline . After hearing positive stories about the benefits of using the controversial treatment , the 32-year-old Cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma . Despite his claims that it improved her condition , the father , who can not be named for legal reasons but has been nicknamed ` Fearless Father ' , was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter . Now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him . Scroll down for video . The father has been charged for treating his 2-year-old daughter with medical cannabis oil . ` My daughter 's got a 50 per cent survival rate , it 's pretty confronting ' , he told Channel 10 . ` Each day that ticks over is essentially children suffering as well as my daughter , ' he said while talking about legalising medical cannabis . The little girl , who was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before Christmas , has an 11 cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs . Just last week the toddlers condition took a turn for the worse . The young child has a high temperature , an infection and has fluid in her lungs . ` She could n't really move , I would just show her videos from home . I was crying the whole time because I do n't see her enough , ' the desperate father said . ` That 's been the hardest thing not being there to support her and for her to see me and give her my love and care . ' He appeared in court in January , where he was granted the right to visit his daughter , having previously been refused access after he was charged . When asked by Ten News if he thought he was a criminal , the father said ` absolutely not ' and made it clear that all he wanted was for his daughter to get better . The young girl 's mother , who is estranged from the father , does not agree with his actions and the method of treatment he chose to use on their daughter . The father is reportedly estranged from the two-year-old 's mother and she has made it very clear that she does not support his actions . She does n't believe there 's been an improvement in her daughter 's condition . The adorable little girl was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer shortly before Christmas . He has relocated to Brisbane to be with his daughter during her treatment and is living out of a suitcase . For several weeks now , the father has been unable to see his daughter as she was n't in the hospital . On his team 's Facebook page it was revealed that it took police nearly three months to approve a supervisor for times that the little girl is not in hospital . ` The hospital have defaulted to previous orders from 2013 because they were given no choice in the absence of an agreement between -LSB- the child 's -RSB- parents , which means that -LSB- the father -RSB- gets to spend 10 hours a week with his child IF she is in hospital , ' the Facebook page called ` Fearless Father said . ' -LSB- The father 's -RSB- family , who love -LSB- the child -RSB- very much are also excluded from her life unless they are able to visit during -LSB- the father 's -RSB- visits . ' Two-year-old has an 11 cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs . In January the dad was desperate to find a solution to his daughter 's pain and administered the medical cannabis oil mixed with coconut , to increase her rate of survival . ` My aim was to create an alkaline climate in her body , provide a nutrient dense diet , alkaline water , essential oil therapy and a healing environment of fun and positivity , ' he said . ` Her cancer ridden little body was alive again . -LSB- My daughter -RSB- had almost instant quality of life , ' he said . ` She would say `` Daddy , tummy 's not sore '' . She would be able to eat like a champion and began to gain weight , ' ` Her energy was up and she wanted to go outside with me instead of lay on her back with legs curled up . Her skin colour came back , her eyes were sparkling again , ' the father has said . The girl 's mother is at odds with the father over his treatment options for their daughter . However , according to him , his daughter is now struggling to breath on her own and is having seizures following her withdrawal from the cannabis oil . ` She has spiralled downhill since she lost her daddy and oil treatment . I pray that I will see her again one way , ' he said . He appeared in the Brisbane Magistrates court in January charged with possession of a dangerous drug and administering a dangerous drug to a minor under the age of 16 . As part of his bail he has now been allowed access to his daughter in hospital , however there needs to be a supervisor in the room with him . A group of people holding placards turned out at the court in support of the father and to protest against his arrest . After hearing positive stories about the benefits of cannabis oil , the father decided to give it to his daughter . The father , who worked as an IT professional with the Catholic Education Department , was left devastated when he was unable to log on to the work system after having his Blue Card revoked . Having sent numerous emails to the Education Department asking for permission to take 12 months carer leave with no response , he was shocked at their decision . He received a letter in the post to say his Blue Card had been revoked , claiming the change in his police information meant his employer must not continue to employ him . However the Catholic Education Department has made it clear that they support him and this was merely a legality . ' -LSB- The father -RSB- is still employed by Catholic Education and is currently on paid leave , ' they said . She was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before Christmas 2014 and her parents have been told she has a fifty per cent chance of survival . They said he is free to speak to them regarding his employment and can access their employee assistance program . Since the excruciating decision was made to ban the father from seeing his dying daughter , he has set up a campaign to raise awareness of his situation . The dad received good news as a result of the campaign , when he was granted permission to contact the hospital on a daily basis to be updated on his daughter 's condition . The petition has attracted worldwide attention and over 200,000 supporters have now joined his campaign in an effort to legalise cannabis . The two-year-old tot 's parents are in dispute over the administering of medical cannabis to cure her cancer . He argued that he ` deserves to have his parental rights to see his child reinstated , the charges against him dropped by a court and the right to decide the treatment options for his own child . ' ` There is ample evidence to show that medical cannabis has many beneficial effects for cancer patients without the harmful side effects and other associated risks of current drug treatments , ' he said . A fund has been set up in the two-year-old 's name and is in the hands of his mother . He said all money raised from the account will be used for his daughter 's ongoing journey and recovery . The NSW government recently announced there will be a range of clinical trials administered to test the benefits of medical marijuana . ` Medical Cannabis oil is an amazing healer and needs to be made available for anyone in need . ' the father said . ` My goal is the have these charges thrown out . -LSB- The girl -RSB- needs her Daddy by her side . ' The Medical Cannabis Users Association is holding a vigil this week out the front of the Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital in support of the father . The dad argues that he ` deserves to have his parental rights to see his child reinstated , the charges against him dropped by a court and the right to decide the treatment options for his own child ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .