Sandra Bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year , according to a 911 call played in court Thursday . The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic . The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua Corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June . ` I 'm in my closet . I have a safe door , ' Bullock , breathing heavily , is heard telling the dispatcher . ` I 'm locked in the closet right now . ' Scroll down to hear 911 call . Hiding his head : Joshua Corbett -LRB- right -RRB- appeared in court today at a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into actress Sandra Bullock 's house last summer . Panicked : Bullock 's distressed 911 call was played in court on Thursday . Pictured above with her son Louis in 2013 , who was fortunately not at the home during the incident . Preliminary phase : A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial . Corbett pictured above at an earlier hearing . Bullock gave the dispatcher a description of the man and said she went out to investigate noises in her home . ` I thought it was a wind blowing , ' Bullock said . ` Then I saw the person . ' A police officer testified that Corbett was clutching a black notebook with a two-page letter to Bullock and magazine photos of the actress when he was arrested . ` He said , `` I 'm sorry . I love you Sandy , '' ' Los Angeles police Officer Jose Bermudez testified . Security footage showed Corbett outside Bullock 's gate each of the three days before his arrest . Los Angeles police Detective Christina Carlozzi read entries from Corbett 's notebook and a letter he wrote to Bullock the day before he was arrested at her home . The writings called Bullock his wife , professed his love for her , said he wanted to have sex with her and noted the security measures at her home . ` There is two large impervious gates that no one can open but you , ' Carlozzi said , reading from the writings found on Corbett . ` I hope one day you open them to me . ' Bullock is not expected to testify during Corbett 's preliminary hearing , during which a judge will determine whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to stand trial . Corbett also is charged with having an arsenal of illegal weapons , including assault weapons , tracer ammunition and machine guns , that were found when authorities searched his home . Corbett was not armed when he was arrested at Bullock 's residence , police have said . Corbett , 39 , has pleaded not guilty to all charges . Bullock told police she was not armed and her son was not home at the time . She tried to navigate police through security at her home , which included a gate at her driveway . The actress attempted to open the gate from her cellphone , but it did n't work . ` Now my phone is not working so maybe they know how to override my system , ' Bullock told the dispatcher . Bullock gave officers instructions on how to find her bedroom . When officers got there , Bullock , who sounded like she was in tears , thanked the dispatcher . In the call , Bullock says she locked herself in her closet which has a ` safe door ' . It 's unclear whether Bullock was in a panic room or a room with a reinforced locking door - similar to that of an actual safe . Some celebrities and wealthy persons have so-called panic rooms built into their homes , which they can retreat to for security . These structures ca n't be broken through from any side and are usually stocked with the necessities to survive for days or weeks at a time . However , a closet with a safe door would likely not have reinforced walls on all sides . While a safe door protects against easy entry to a sealed off room , a panic room 's steel structure can keep out fire and has even been built into Tornado alley homes as shelter . Above , Sandra Bullock 's Los Angeles home where the incident happened last June . Corbett was reportedly caught on surveillance footage outside the gates of the home each of the three days leading up to his arrest .