Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures , as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League . 1 . Jose Mourinho says injuries to his strikers have made him take a cautious approach to the last few games wrapping up the title , but the defensive side of his team has stayed remarkably settled all season . The 0-0 draw at Arsenal was the 20th time in 33 Premier League games that the Chelsea boss started with his favourite ` back seven ' of Thibaut Courtois in goal , with Branislav Ivanovic , Gary Cahill , John Terry and Cesar Azpilicueta protected by Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas . No other top-flight manager has come close to that level of consistency in selection . -LRB- From left -RRB- Gary Cahill , John Terry and Branislav Ivanovic are three of Jose Mourinho 's settled back seven . 2 . Mario Balotelli 's first start in a Premier League game since the 2-1 defeat by Chelsea in November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before . The Italian produced only one off-target shot at goal before getting hooked after 75 minutes , and defender Martin Skrtel played twice as many accurate passes in the forward half as Balotelli 's nine . His total distance run while he was on the pitch -LRB- 4.4 miles -RRB- was over a mile less than Albion striker Saido Berahino -LRB- 5.5 -RRB- who was substituted at the same time . Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool 's 0-0 Premier League draw with West Brom . 3 . Mauricio Pochettino , who demands a high-energy pressing game from his teams , must have been delighted that they collectively just outran Southampton to earn their 2-2 draw at St Mary 's . Spurs are currently second behind battling Burnley in the EA Sports Performance figures for the average total distance run per game . That 's a huge contrast to last year under first Andre Villas-Boas and then Tim Sherwood , when they finished bottom of the same table . Mauricio Pochettino points out instructions to his Tottenham players during the 2-2 draw with Southampton . 4 . Louis van Gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for Manchester United 's defeat at Everton , saying they lost three duels in a row before James McCarthy ' s fifth minute goal . It did n't get any better after that . Paddy McNair won five of seven duels but otherwise Daley Blind -LRB- 5 of 8 -RRB- and Ander Herrera -LRB- 5 of 9 -RRB- were the only other United players to win more than half of their individual battles . James McCarthy slots past David de Gea after avoiding the challenges of Daley Blind and Paddy McNair . 5 . Robert Huth was nicknamed the Berlin Wall by Stoke fans and he 's brought the same ` they shall not pass ' mentality to Leicester 's defence . Since signing for Nigel Pearson on a loan deal at the end of January , the 30-year-old has now played nine games and ended on the losing side only three times . Huth was Leicester 's best defender as they scrapped out the 1-0 win at Burnley , which got them out of the relegation zone , making 14 clearances along the way . Robert Huth -LRB- right -RRB- has played a major role in Leicester 's recent run of positive results . 6 . Nathan Dyer took the chance to remind Swansea boss Garry Monk of what he can do after suffering a frustrating few months on the sidelines . The 27-year-old winger , an automatic pick in the first half of the season , made his first start since early February in the 3-2 win at Newcastle . Against a Toon team without a recognised left back he was in his element -- winning three free-kicks as he ran at the defence and covering more distance at sprint speed than any other player . Nathan Dyer -LRB- left -RRB- showed Swansea boss Garry Monk what he 'd been missing upon his return from injury . 7 . Getting James Chester fit again will be a crucial factor for Hull as Steve Bruce fights to keep his side out of the relegation zone through a tough set of remaining fixtures . The 2-0 win at Crystal Palace was the 26-year-old Wales international 's first 90-minute appearance since dislocating his shoulder at West Ham in January . He was a key factor in keeping in-form Glenn Murray quiet and also composed on the ball giving it away only five times in 90 minutes and winning it back on all but one of those occasions . James Chester -LRB- centre -RRB- battles for the ball with Crystal Palace forward Glenn Murray on Saturday . 8 . Blackburn need to find more goals from the rest of their team if they are to cash in on the prolific form of front men Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes . Rhodes got his 20th of the campaign in the 2-2 draw at Huddersfield while Gestede reached 19 -- and if he gets another against Ipswich next weekend Gary Bowyer 's side will join Watford as the only English clubs with two strikers who have got 20 or more League goals . The combination of Troy Deeney -LRB- 21 -RRB- and Odion Ighalo -LRB- 20 -RRB- has taken the Hornets into the Premier League because the rest of the side have weighed in with enough to make it 90 in total . Blackburn , 13 points outside the play-off places , have scored a total of 63 . Jordan Rhodes celebrates his 31st-minute striker during Blackburn 's 2-2 draw with Huddersfield . 9 . Coventry still need a point at Crawley on the final day to be certain of staying in League One , but either way it 's likely they will immediately be looking for their 10th manager in as many years . Temporary boss Tony Mowbray turned on his team after the 3-1 home defeat by Crewe , accusing some of ` finding it difficult to play ' . The former Celtic and Middlesbrough boss has a contract only until the end of next Sunday 's game and has already told friends he plans to be back at his home in the North East the next day . Coventry boss Tony Mowbray -LRB- left -RRB- turned on his team after the 3-1 home defeat by Crewe on Saturday . 10 . Bury stepped in to rescue the career of Tom Soares when he was let go by Stoke in 2012 , after starting just five Premier League games in four years following his £ 1.25 million move from Crystal Palace . The former England Under 21 international midfielder could n't find another club -- and had to play for nothing at first to earn a contract . Three years later he 's close to repaying them by earning promotion . He scored one and made the other in the 2-0 win over Wimbledon which means a last-day victory against already-relegated Tranmere could yet pinch third place from Southend .