A passionate truck driver has posted a five-minute plea online in a bid to encourage Australians to attend an Anzac Day memorial service . Geelong man Trevor Vale took to his social media account on Tuesday while on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen , after becoming frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs . In the video , which has been viewed over 800,000 times , Mr Vale calls on Australians to make it their business to attend an Anzac Day service and show the Anzacs the respect they deserve . Scroll down for video . Passionate truck driver Trevor Vale -LRB- pictured -RRB- has pleaded with Australians to attend an Anzac Day service . Mr Vale , whose wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan , posted the video online from behind the wheel of his truck . While listening to the radio , he heard a podcast questioning Australians on their plans for the public holiday . While a small number of people admitted that last year they made their way to a dawn service , many Australians made up excuses for not attending a memorial , claiming it was too wet or it was too early to get out of bed . Mr Vale was furious at their responses and made the video in an attempt to persuade them to honour their ancestors who fought so bravely for them . ` Men and women went overseas to fight for our country so we could live the way we live , ' Mr Vale said in the video . ` Then we get people making piss-poor excuses about why they ca n't go to the dawn service , one hour of your friggin day . ' The issue is close to the truck driver 's heart as his wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan . Mr Vale revealed in the video that his wife ` was not making tea ' while she was in Timor and Afghanistan , but she actually was ` walking around with a rifle ' and put her life on the line for her country . ` I 'm lucky my wife came home and I thank every day for that , ' Mr Vale said . ` A lot of people did n't come home , a hell of a lot of people did n't come home and a lot of people that did come home maimed and injured mentally scarred for life -- what about their families ? ' Speaking to the Today show , Mr Vale said he is inspired by his wife 's service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country . Mr Vale is on a mission to never let Australians forget their heritage . The truckie was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video . His ramblings were shared by friends and soon became viral . ` To have someone who 's willing to put their time and all their effort into serving our country with the dedication that she did - it 's an inspiration , ' he said . ` You do n't have to agree with why they go over there , but when someone so close goes over there you 've got to be inspired by it . ' Mr Vale said it was tough when his wife was overseas as their children were very young but pleaded with Australians to go to at least one service . ` It 's only respect that you go to an Anzac service . If you ca n't make the morning one go to a midday one -- just go to one , ' he said . Trevor Vale was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the inspirational video . Mr Vale said he ca n't understand why people refuse to take one hour out of their lives to honour their ancestors . The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on Mr Vale 's Facebook page . ` Do n't make excuses why you ca n't go , find a reason to go , take the kids . We 've got to make Anzac day live on , we ca n't let it die . ' ` Get your a ** e out of bed and go to an Anzac Day service . Do n't let Anzac Day die . Come on Australia get with it , ' he finished off with . Comments have flooded his Facebook page with many people applauding the man for standing up for what he believes in . ` Thank you for making me teary at work . So proud of your wife and how you are proud of her , ' one friend said . ` Good on you for having the courage to say what you believe in , ' another person said .