Ear biter : Kate Temple was jailed for 20 months after she admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm . A hairdresser who ripped another woman 's ear off with her teeth during an argument at a hog roast party has been jailed . Kate Temple was called a ` homewrecker ' by victim Shelley Williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner . Durham Crown Court heard how when Temple and her sister Louise Scollen went to leave the charity event at Dawdon Cricket Club in Seaham , County Durham the victim threw a drink over her . The three women got into a scuffle and Temple left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear . The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused . Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams ' ear the following day . Shaun Dryden , prosecuting , said : ` Shelley Williams believed that Kate Temple the defendant had been having some sort of relationship or affair with her partner . ` Miss Williams had found text messages on her partner 's mobile phone earlier in the year . ` She recalls being in close proximity with the defendant and her sister . The next thing she can recall is being upset and covered in blood . ` The defendant and her sister approached the bar and she seems to have tried to buy another drink . ` By this time it became apparent the victim had a large portion of her left ear bitten off . ` Kate Temple and her sister were refused service . They left the marquee and went home . ' Mr Dryden told the court how the victim has had to attend a number of hospital appointments and have reconstructive surgery on her ear . When the victim visited the hospital the following day the police became involved and Temple handed herself in to the police station . Temple initially told police she was not the person who bit the victim . She agreed to have a dental impression taken by police but later refused claiming she was acting on legal advice . The 33-year-old -LRB- pictured left -RRB- carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar . She and her sister Louise Scollen had got into a scuffle with Shelley Williams , who had part of her ear bitten off . Dawdon Cricket Club in Seaham , County Durham , where the incident happened . A marquee had been erected at the club for a charity hog roast event . Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams ' ear the next day . In a victim impact statement read to the court by Mr Dryden , Miss Williams said : . ` I have become very self conscious and it has affected my confidence . ` I struggle to leave the house as I feel everyone is looking at me . I went out for a family meal and a male said to me are you the one who had your ear bitten off . I was embarrassed by this male 's comments . ` I booked a holiday and I was due to fly ten days after the assault took place . I was advised on medical grounds not to go because of risk of infection . I paid £ 1,500 for the holiday and as I did n't want to let my children down I paid another £ 400 for my parents to go with them . ` I have had to take a considerable amount of time off work . Working in a call centre I am unable to use my head set equipment . ` I am living in close proximity to Kate Temple and I regularly feel worried and start to panic . On one occasion I was with my daughter who said : `` Do n't worry mam I close my eyes . '' Sometimes when I wake up I get a severe shooting pain in my ear . ` I am ashamed to admit I sleep with a hockey stick under my bed . I feel really anxious and I have noticed I drink more because of it . ` I have spoken to the surgeon who has now told me he wo n't touch the ear because of how it had heeled . ` It 's something I will have as a permanent reminder of what has happened . ' When the prosecution could not prove who had carried out the attack both Temple and Scollen were charged and ordered to face trial . But Temple admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm and all charges were dropped against Scollen . Temple of St Johns Terrace , Seaham , pleaded guilty to inflicting GBH in the early hours of July 21 2013 . Bob Spragg , defending , told the court how the victim had ` simply got the wrong end of the stick ' . He said : ` Miss Williams had previously accused the defendant of inappropriate contact with her former partner when he went around to her house . ` This was entirely without foundation and streamed from the defendant being nice to her partner . ` The defendant 's partner had gone to her house looking for some kind of comfort from her . ` Kate Temple was not prepared to let him in the house even though he was saying let 's have a kiss and so forth . She was not at all interested in that taking place . ` Shelley Williams has seen the messages and got the wrong end of the stick which started this whole vendetta against her . It 's ironic really that all of this started by her being a good friend to a man she has known since she was a child . ` In her own words her life has fallen apart . She 's made decisions whilst in the depths of despair which she bitterly regrets and she will have to live with them consequences forever . ` She 's clearly a low risk of ever being in trouble again . An immediate term of imprisonment would crush the defendant . ' Judge Simon Hickey told Temple : ` She has been left feeling frightened and she has a permanent disability . She lost her confidence , she 's had her career affected and her home life with her children has been affected . ` You admit in a letter to me you had her partner inside your house and had been kissing and cuddling him but no more . ` You do of course have a completely different character outside of this event . You have no previous convictions . This is a single bite . ` There is of course remorse although I take that as limited given the late plea and lack of cooperation during the case . ` You must have known what you had done on this night and you must have known what injury you had caused . ` It 's a significant injury and it 's caused by a weapon - teeth . ` I ca n't draw back from immediate sentence leaving someone disabled in this way . ' Judge Hickey sentenced Temple to 20 months in prison . He told her : ` That is the lowest sentence I can pass given my public duty . '