As the Russian military machine asserts itself in Ukraine and on the borders of the Baltic States , it has also branched out into a new fashion line . The men 's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia . The move comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the Second World War , underscoring the decisive contribution of the Red Army to defeating the Nazis . Scroll down for video . Masked models : The Russian military unveils a new fashion line at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Moscow to capitalise on the wave of patriotism ahead of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two . From front line to fashion line : The new clothing range comes as the Russian military machine asserts itself in Ukraine and on the borders of the Baltic States and a year after the takeover of the Crimean Peninsula . Unveiled at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Moscow , the brand is called The Army of Russia . The design bureau of the Russian Defence Ministry , headed by Leonid Alexeev , showcased balaclavas , shiny ` military boots ' , sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans ` Army ' , ` Polite ' , and ` Politeness conquests the cities ' . The reference to ` polite ' is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea , a region of Ukraine , last year . The Black Sea peninsula fell back into Moscow 's hands after ` little green men ' in unmarked uniforms - in fact serving Russian soldiers and special forces - blockaded military bases , the airport and government offices . Boots on the catwalk : The move comes ahead of a military parade on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the Second World War , underscoring the decisive contribution of the Red Army to defeating the Nazis . Acquired taste : Unveiled at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week , the brand is called The Army of Russia . The green men ` politely ' asked security men to leave , which they did due to the overwhelming force of the Russians . A fear in the Baltic countries of Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia is that they may face these ` polite men ' too . The fashion line also features the white , blue and red Russian tricolour on the sleeves of leather bomber jackets . To commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War , a special edition aviator jacket has been produced . Warmongering : The design bureau of Russian Defence Ministry showcased balaclavas , shiny ` military boots ' , sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans ` Army ' , ` Polite ' , and ` Politeness conquests the cities ' Fashion statement : The reference to ` polite ' is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea . The green men ` politely ' asked security to leave , which they did due to overwhelming force of the Russians . On the back is a famous photograph of the Soviet Red Flag being flown over the the Reichstag in Berlin symbolising Hitler 's defeat in 1945 . Only 1,945 copies of this jacket will be made , it was reported . ` Cold weather kit and combat trousers will hit the fashion rails , targeting buyers also with knitted sports style garments and camouflage patterns , ' reported news agency TASS . It cited Yekaterina Korotkova , military clothing manufacturer Voentorg , which is sole supplier to the Russian armed forces . Nostalgic : To commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War , a special edition aviator jacket has been produced . ` Polite people ' was also being launched as a new brand label , she said . ` This accolade applauded Russian soldiers who ensured security when the March 2014 referendum on the Black Sea peninsula called for a split from Ukraine and reunification with Russia , ' reported the news agency . ` It has been registered as a trademark , giving the manufacturers rights to use it in their planned range of consumer goods including cosmetics , sports items , toys and printed materials . ' Vladimir Putin with military chiefs at the Kirillovsky firing ground in the Leningrad region last March when the Crimea Peninsula was under the de facto occupation of the Russian military before its takeover by Moscow .