A plus-size model who once earned up to £ 2,000 a day has found herself out of work after dropping three dress sizes . Rebecca Exton-Russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer , QVC and Dove . But the Derby-based model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone . Transformed : Rebecca Exton-Russell , 37 , pictured before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- her weight loss , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer , QVC and Dove . Rebecca lost a further stone herself after she left No 1 Boot Camp in Norfolk - a reality TV star favourite - dropping to 11 stone , and slipping into size 12 outfits . ` I really do n't mind losing all the work I once had at all because I am so much happier as a slimmer person , ' she says . Indeed , getting the toned stomach she had always craved meant her work completely dried up . Rebecca was now was too slim to fit into any of the outfits her clients expected her to wear . ` I realised that I had lost all this weight but I effectively made myself redundant from my job as a model , ' she said . ` I did n't mind because although I was always happy to smile for the cameras , I was desperately unhappy as a size 18 . ` I had very little self-esteem and had lost all my confidence . My body repulsed me . I knew that I needed to turn around my life and properly get in shape . The Derby-based model , pictured in a plus-size campaign -LRB- left -RRB- and as she is today -LRB- right -RRB- , was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost three stone . Before she lost the weight , Rebecca , seen in her plus-size prime , scored a number of high profile campaigns , which could earn as much as £ 2,000 for a day 's shoot as a size 16 or size 18 . Impressive results : In spite of this , she knew she would never be happy unless she got into shape once and for all , so she checked into No 1 Boot Camp . ` Now I have the body that I always wanted , I hope to get work as a slimmer model . ' For years Rebecca , who is single , was happy to cash in on her fuller figure by working as a plus-size model . She did a number of high profile campaigns which could earn as much as £ 2,000 for a day 's shoot as a size 16 or size 18 . Rebecca appeared in promotions for High Street names like Ikea , Perfect Pizza and Butlins , who were keen to target customers of all sizes . But despite her success as a model , Rebecca had been battling her weight for years , fluctuating between 13 and 14 stone . She would often lose weight by following fad diets , but as quickly as she dropped the pounds they would pile back on , which was always good news for her modelling career . In spite of this , Rebecca knew she would never be happy unless she got into shape once and for all , so she checked into No 1 Boot Camp . Rebecca was stunned when she lost 10 lbs in her first week at boot camp -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` That was all the encouragement I needed , ' she remarked . ` All the pain I was going through was worth it . The trainers were very strict but very supportive and motivating ' Farewell : Rebecca , pictured before she lost the weight , left boot camp and knew immediately that she would never be able to return to her job as plus-size model . Made In Chelsea stars Spencer Matthews and Binky Felstead both lost a stone in a week at the same camp , and Rebecca was at No 1 with James ` Arg ' Argent from The Only Way Is Essex , who slimmed down after going through a spell in rehab . ` James was a lovely guy who mucked in with the rest of us and had no airs or graces , ' she said . ` It 's no surprise that he has lost so much weight because he was prepared to really knuckle down and get in shape . ' As for herself , Rebecca was stunned when she lost 10 lb in her first week . ` That was all the encouragement I needed , ' she remarked . ` All the pain I was going through was worth it . The trainers were very strict but very supportive and motivating . ' Rebecca left the camp and knew immediately that she would never be able to return to her job as plus-size model . ` I tried to carry on for a bit but it was never going to be work , ' she said . ` All the dresses I was being asked to model were way too big for me . They were hanging off me and I knew that chapter in my life had come to end . ' Now Rebecca has set up her own jewellery and gift business , Rebecca Louise , which she runs online and in pop-up shops across the UK . She is launching a new jewellery collection soon which is inscribed with the same self-belief quotes she feels helped her through her own tough times . ` My weight still fluctuates a bit , ' Rebecca admits . ` I like to allow myself treats and nights out from time to time , but when I put on three pounds , I know it 's time to stop and knuckle down . ' Worth it : Rachel , who has kept the weight off , now runs a jewellery business and still hopes to find work as a slimmer model in the future .