A London pub which survived relentless bombing during The Blitz and was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler 's bombs has been illegally knocked down to make way for luxury flats . The historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week - just days before it was due to be marked as a listed building . Landlady Patsy Lord was told by the owners on Easter Monday to close for an ` inventory ' but returned two days later to find the pub , built in 1921 , was no longer standing . Scroll down for video . The demolished Carlton Tavern pub . It was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by Hitler 's bombs during the Blitz but did not survive developer CLTX Ltd . Historic : How the pub , in Maida Vale , west London , looked before the bulldozers moved in and knocked it down without warning . It had been due to be marked as a listed building . She said : ` It is heart breaking . There was no warning . ' The pub , which stood in Maida Vale , west London , was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by bombs during the Blitz but did not survive CLTX Ltd , which was denied planning permission to turn it into flats by Westminster City Council in January . Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers . Councillor Jan Prendagast , Conservative member of Westminster City Council , said : ` I 'm horrified for the local residents that this has occurred . It came as such a shock to everyone . ` There was no prior warning to the council , no approvals and no proper health and safety procedures in place . ` This was a lovely pub and I 'm sorry to see it go , but I 'm more concerned for the residents in Maida Vale for whom they showed no consideration whatsoever . Destroyed : The Carlton Tavern survived being bombed during the Second World War but has now been illegally demolished by developers to make way for luxury flats . Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers , it has emerged . ` Heartbroken ' : Landlady Patsy Lord was told by the owners on Easter Monday to close for an ` inventory ' but returned two days later to find the pub , built in 1921 , was no longer standing . Catty : Red Dwarf actor Danny John-Jules -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who played The Cat in the hit sci-fi series , has blasted developers for demolishing his local pub . ` It was the last building standing in Carlton Vale after the Second World War bombings . ' The historic pub 's destruction has angered one of its most famous locals , who lives down the road . Red Dwarf actor Danny John-Jules , who played The Cat , has blasted the bulldozing as ` another nail in the coffin ' for the community . The father-of-two believes the community spirit of Maida Vale is being destroyed by the developers that acted in a ` calculated ' way . Conservative member of Westminster City Council , Councillor Jan Prendagast , said he was ` horrified for the local residents ' after hearing of the Carlton Tavern pub 's demolition . Historic England was planning to recommend the site to be listed at Grade II , putting it in the same category as London 's iconic BT Tower but it was . The pub had been the last building standing in Carlton Vale after the bombings during the Second World War . Sci-fi favourite John-Jules , 54 , said : ` The pub looked like it would serve for another 100 years . That pub was so old-school , you would find most of the older community in there . ` It 's another nail in the coffin of what we would call in the olden days as socialising . It 's great to be on Twitter but it 's just not the same as real socialising . ` By the time my kids are old enough to drink there wo n't be any pubs . This demolition seems like a calculated move to avoid any confrontation with the listing side of things . ' Historic England was planning to recommend the site to be listed at Grade II , putting it in the same category as London 's iconic BT Tower . A spokesman for Historic England said : ` We intended to recommend the site for listing at Grade II , however this is not confirmation it would have been listed , the Department for Culture Media and Sport is responsible for deciding which sites are designated and at what grade . '