The owner of a British seaside hotel says it is virus-free after 100 holidaymakers were struck down by what health officials have described as a norovirus outbreak . Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting , diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug . A Rother District Council spokesperson said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called ` winter vomiting bug ' after visiting the hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea , East Sussex . Health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the ` winter vomiting bug ' A sign posted on the door of the hotel warns visitors about an ` airborne virus ' at the premises . Owner James Kimber told MailOnline Travel that the source of the illness has not been identified , but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 April . He said some staff experienced symptoms as well . Mr Kimber said the hotel followed the Environmental Agency 's protocol to the letter , including a recommendation to steam clean the venue . A sign posted on the door of the hotel , where guests enjoy sweeping views of the English Channel , warned visitors about an ` airborne virus ' at the premises . Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff , and has vowed to steam clean the hotel . Richard Parker-Harding , service manager for environmental health , said : ` We have received a large number of reports of people who attended the hotel over the past week who have complained of suffering from acute sickness . ` Following tests , we have eight confirmed cases of norovirus , also known as winter vomiting disease , which causes gastroenteritis and is highly infectious . ` The virus is easily transmitted through contact with infected individuals from one person to another . ` We believe the other people who have been ill also had norovirus . ` Outbreaks are common in semi-enclosed environments such as hospitals , nursing homes , schools and cruise ships and can also occur in restaurants and hotels . ' Earlier this month two cruise ships owned by Royal Caribbean International suffered norovirus outbreaks . Both docked in San Diego while sailing from Florida , with about 240 passengers on the Legend of the Seas and Celebrity Infinity cruise liners falling ill .