This is the incredible moment a car being driven by an ISIS suicide bomber detonates mid-air seconds after it is blasted skywards by an explosion on the ground . Video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces , reportedly near Kirkuk in northern Iraq . But as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb , catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air . Just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework , either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting . What 's left of the car is then seen dropping back down into the massive cloud of smoke that has billowed up from the ground . Blown sky high : Footage shows a suicide bomber 's car being catapulted into the air after apparently hitting a road-side bomb while trying to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces near Kirkuk in northern Iraq . Explodes like a firework : The car erupts in a ball of flames either due to the explosives or fuel tank igniting . The footage is the latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS launching bungled attacks in Iraq . Compilation clips released on YouTube also show militants being killed or injured by back-firing mortars , malfunctioning machine guns and misfiring rockets . It comes as Iraq 's prime minister said his country needs greater support from the international coalition so it can ` finish ' the Islamic State . Haider al-Abadi said the ` marked increase ' in airstrikes , weapons deliveries and training has helped roll back the extremists , but that more is required to eliminate the group once and for all . ` We want to see more , ' al-Abadi told journalists yesterday as he boarded a flight to Washington where he will meet with Barack Obama as part of his first official visit to the U.S. as prime minister . ` We can finish Daesh ... and we can stop their advance in other countries , ' he added , using the group 's Arabic acronym . Destroyed : What 's left of the car drops back down into the smoke that has billowed up from the ground . ` We are the only country with armed forces on the ground fighting Daesh . We need all the support of the world . ' The U.S. and its coalition allies have carried out nearly 2,000 strikes in Iraq since its campaign began in August - as well as nearly 1,400 in neighboring Syria . American officials say the campaign has been somewhat successful , though it is likely to stretch on for years . In November , Obama authorised the deployment of up to 1,500 more American troops to bolster Iraqi forces , which could more than double the total number of U.S. forces to 3,100 . The Pentagon has made a spending request to Congress of $ 1.6 billion , focusing on training and arming Iraqi and Kurdish forces . This wider angle shot shows the scale of the explosion , reportedly near Kirkuk in northern Iraq on April 12 .