A German pensioner who is expecting quadruplets said she went in search of sperm and egg donors when her youngest of 13 children told her : ` I want to have a little brother or sister . ' Annegret Raunigk , 65 , was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of daughter Leila , who turns ten this year , but says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life . Their scheduled births for the schoolteacher from Spandau , Berlin , is just weeks away - but there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early . Babies on the way : Annegret Raunigk , 65 , and her nine-year-old daughter Leila are seen during a recent ultrasound filmed for an upcoming documentary about how the teacher is preparing to welcome the quads . Annegret , meanwhile , is weathering the debate centred on the rights or wrongs of her decision to both become pregnant and raise the children with cool detachment . ` There will obviously be cliches bandied about , ' she said , ` and I find that quite strenuous . But I have always been a person who says live and let live and it is not for the opinion of others but for me . ` I have enough experience of childbirth not to be afraid . I am not scared actually , I am just hoping to stay healthy and fit . If others are mega-prim about this I believe they have no interesting lives themselves and therefore it no longer bothers me . I think this is the right choice . ' ` She is a very strong , very fit woman , ' Her doctor , Kai Hertwig tells MailOnline . ` I hope she can come to full term , I think she can . She is very well placed to be a fit mother for these babies . The schoolteacher from Spandau , Berlin , is set to become the world 's oldest woman to give birth to quads . Ms Raunigk and her large brood are seen during an appearance on German television in 2005 . ` The pregnancy so far makes no distinction between the body of a younger or older person but quadruplet pregnancies are always a high burden . ` We of course are keeping a close watch on the cardiovascular system . We all have little or no experience with such a pregnant woman in this age group , but I can say that this is certainly going very well . ' Thrombosis , her heart , her circulatory system - these are the areas causing concern for the unborns in the run-up to delivery day . ` But she is highly motivated and this positive psychological mood is optimally important , the rest is not in our hands , ' added her gynaecologist . Both were speaking in a clip released by the RTL TV network which is airing her story on Monday night . One woman who had a child at 42 tells the programme : ` I met her and found her to be a very sympathetic and intelligent woman . ` As a 56-year-old woman who raised a just-pubescent son , it is hard to imagine why she would want to have quads . I also wonder how she can meet the needs of her growing children , especially as the children will have no father . ' It was mentioned in the publicity clip released by RTL that her fertility treatment - including both donated eggs and donated sperm - would never have been greenlighted in Germany . Two countries where treatment for women of such an advanced age is allowed were stated as Ukraine and America . All her 13 children , ranging from Leila to a daughter of 44 , were sired by five different fathers .