Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' . The image , which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S , has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia . University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz told Daily Mail Australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons . An offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans . ` They are suggesting that it 's the woman 's own fault if she need a caesarean . That 's like saying it 's your fault that have an inflamed appendix , or bowel cancer . It 's plain stupid . ' The world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment . ' ` While it sits on the the extreme end of the caesarean spectrum , it 's an attitude which is actually widespread in Australia . That 's why I feel it needs to be addressed . ' Professor Dietz said the sharp rise in Caesareans since the 1980 's has triggered a strong movement from people trying to curb the rates . Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births . Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia . ` The reality is that your average newborn is much bigger now than in the past , and for some women Caesareans are the safest option . It 's downright dangerous to deny women that right . ' Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births . It 's believed the anti-caesarean campaign on social media is a bid to pressure mums to into following the WHO appeal .