In 2011 the unmanned Dawn spacecraft became humanity 's first ever emissary to the huge asteroid Vesta , which resides in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter . And using images collected by the spacecraft , Nasa has unveiled an interactive tool that lets you explore this world . Using the map you can see a huge amount of features on Vesta , from craters to the amount of sunlight hitting the surface - and switching to ` 3D mode ' also lets you fly around like you were in your own spacecraft . Called Vesta Trek , the interactive programme lets you explore massive craters on the body - which has no atmosphere , and thus no protection like our own Earth . Vesta , discovered in 1807 , is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet Ceres - which Dawn has now travelled to . It completes a rotation every five hours and 18 minutes , with a temperature ranging from -3 째 c -LRB- 27 째 f -RRB- to -188 째 c -LRB- -306 째 f -RRB- . Some meteorites on Earth have been found to originate from places like Vesta . As you explore the asteroid , you will come across various ` troughs ' - areas where the ground sinks away . The largest of these is up to 12 miles -LRB- 20 km -RRB- wide and 289 miles -LRB- 465 km -RRB- long , similar in size to the Grand Canyon on Earth . Elsehwere there are craters , hills and mountains on the surface , most formed by impacts . On the map you can switch between three main views - over the North Pole , a Global view or looking down onto the South Pole . Various tools also let you find out more information about the asteroid . You can draw lines on the surface to see elevation levels , place a pin to see how the angle of the sun changes at a location over time , or even draw a box to generate files to use with a 3D printer . There 's also an option to 3D print an entire model of Vesta . Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta -LRB- shown -RRB- using images from the Dawn spacecraft . The map lets you see features on the surface including craters , hills , mountains and even ` canyons ' You can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different measurement data . And a ` gaming mode ' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard 's arrow keys . In the bottom right of the map is a scale , where you can change the units of measurement by clicking . Aside from using imperial and metric units of measurement - kilometres and miles - it also lets you measure distances in Golden Gate Bridges , football fields and school buses . Various data can also be overlayed on the map , such as the amount of iron or hydrogen in certain regions . The Dawn spacecraft spent a year , from 2011 to 2012 , mapping and exploring Vesta . It is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet . The spacecraft is now orbiting the dwarf planet Ceres , and over the next few months will be spiraling down closer and closer to image more of it . You can draw lines on the surface to see elevation levels -LRB- shown -RRB- , place a pin to see how the angle of the sun changes at a location over time , or even draw a box to generate files to use with a 3D printer . The Dawn spacecraft spent a year , from 2011 to 2012 , mapping and exploring Vesta -LRB- illustration shown -RRB- . It is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet .