An autopsy has been completed on a missing Florida woman who was found dead in her sunken car in a Tampa-area lake , showing she was intoxicated when she drove into into the water and ultimately drowned . Apryl Foster was last seen on February 12 leaving a bar alone in Ybor City after a night of partying , having finished work at 11 pm at Ulele Restaurant , where she was a waitress . After a widespread search , the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in Brandon , just a few blocks from her house . According to the autopsy , the medical examiner measured Foster 's blood alcohol level at 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , as well as THC , the active ingredient in marijuana , My Fox Tampa Bay reported . Accidental death : An autopsy has show Apryl Foster 's blood alcohol level was 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , and detected the presence of THC , a component of marijuana . Recovered : Foster 's Chevy Aveo was pulled from the lake on Sunday , February 22 . The autopsy results suggest she accidentally drove into the water while under the influence of alcohol and marijuana . Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning . Foster 's family believe she drove into the wrong Brandon subdivision , then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down into the lake . Foster 's grieving parents , who held out hope for her safe return until the bitter end , thanked Tampa police for helping them throughout the search . ` God has blessed us w/closure , looking into the eyes of Jesus . The hours , the days @TampaPD spent w/us , thank you , ' the family said Sunday . They gave a tearful statement at an evening press conference . Peggy Beman , Foster 's mother , said at a press conference that she was thankful for the closure Tampa PD helped her family get after the body was found . Last seen : Foster , an aspiring singer , was last seen on CCTV footage leaving an Ybor City bar on February 12 . Foster , an aspiring singer , was last seen talking to a man at the Double Decker bar in Ybor City , but she left alone . Before they headed over to the Double Decker , Foster and the man were seen leaving the Bad Monkey bar next door , WFLA reported . After searching through footage from more than 50 surveillance cameras , police released images of Foster from the night she disappeared during a press conference last week . Foster was last seen on video in a car turning east from 18th Street onto 7th Avenue in Ybor City , the Tampa Tribune reported . She was wearing a hooded black and gray , zip-up sweatshirt and black work pants . Foster was an aspiring singer . She was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone . Peggy Beman , Foster 's mother , said recently the family was still hopeful her daughter will be found alive and well . Peggy Beman , center , is consoled during her husband 's Craig Beman 's , front left , testimonial about their daughter during a candlelight vigil in Tampa on Wednesday . Sad : Craig Beman consoles his wife Peggy during a candlelight vigil held for their daughter . Thirty-three-year-old Foster went missing Feb. 12 . Her hair was in a double bun . Investigators could not tell from the video if Foster was driving the car , a Chevy Aveo with the license plate K125YC . Foster was reported missing after she failed to show up for work at the Ulele restaurant . Peggy Beman , her mother , said at the press conference , ` I know you 're probably getting tired of it but would you give up if it was your own relative . ` She just has a smile that just does n't end . ' Her family , employers and another local business had polled their resources to offer a $ 15,000 reward for information leading to her safe return . Her family , employers and another local business had polled their resources to offer a $ 15,000 reward for information leading to her safe return .