Do you have white spots on your nails or bleeding gums ? Pimples on your arms or a dodgy stomach ? These are in fact signs your body is under stress , a nutritionist has warned . Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways . These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed , warns nutritionist Charlotte Watts . Below , she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one . Writing for the Healthista website , she said : ` Periods of stress use up nutrients more quickly . ` This is because our whole system - including energy , brain responses , hormones and immunity - is working at a higher and faster rate . ' As a result , some symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress . Here , in an extract from her new book - The De-Stress Effect : Rebalance Your Body 's Systems for Vibrant Health and Happiness - she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat to replenish lost nutrients ... CRACKS AT THE SIDE OF THE MOUTH . What 's causing it ? Need for vitamin B6 . Those unpleasant little sore fissures we can get at the corners of the lips are a sure sign that B vitamin status is low and particularly B6 . B vitamins are important for the health of the nervous system and are needed to get energy from the carbohydrates , fats and proteins that we eat , so we use them up during the energy-rich stress response . Cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin B6 . Important for the nervous system , B6 is involved in the production of the neurotransmitters -LRB- brain chemicals -RRB- serotonin and dopamine that regulate mood and motivation and also melatonin , that governs sleep , so we also see these suffer when stress is prolonged . We have a higher need for B6 with during contraceptive/HRT and antidepressant medication use . Food sources : carrots , chicken , eggs , fish , meat , peas , spinach , sunflower seeds , walnuts , avocados , bananas , beans , broccoli , brown rice , whole grains , cabbage , corn and potatoes . JAW GRINDING . What 's causing it ? Need for vitamin B5 . Another B vitamin , B5 is often referred to as the anti-stress vitamin , as it helps with the production of adrenal hormones , cholesterol and immune antibodies , all of which have a higher turnover during the stress response . Note here that this cholesterol production is not all ` bad ' , we need it to produce new cells and the steroid hormones like cortisol and DHEA that are part of the stress response . Long-term stress often shows up as jaw clamping and teeth grinding , partly as tensing muscles around the face increases brain alertness , which the body senses it needs to deal with danger , but it is also associated with lowered levels of B5 . This vitamin is also needed for production of the memory neurotransmitter acetylcholine , which also calms us down after stress has past . Lowered levels mean difficulty self-soothing after stress has passed and the memory issues we see with chronic stress . Taking B vitamins together in supplement form -LRB- eg . in a B complex or a multivitamin -RRB- is advised as they all work together for energy production and nervous system health . Food sources : beef , eggs , fresh vegetables , kidney , legumes , liver , mushrooms , nuts , saltwater fish , whole rye flour . Sunflower seeds are a good source of zinc . Zinc is easily used up by stress , and a stressful period can often be charted from where white spots grow on the fingernails . WHITE SPOTS ON NAILS . What 's causing it ? Need for zinc . Although white spots on the nails are often assumed to be a calcium deficiency , it is actually another mineral loss they are indicating . The mineral zinc is very important for many of the enzyme systems in the body , for immunity and for the production of hormones , including insulin and sex hormones . It is the most abundantly used mineral in the body and allows energy production , but also all healing and replication -LRB- like fertility and sexual health -RRB- rely on good levels . Alternating constipation and diarrhoea is a sign of a magnesium deficiency . It is easily used up by stress and we can often chart a stressful period from where white spots appear grown from the nail bed . Zinc in plant foods is less bioavailable that in animal foods because it binds to phytate -LRB- a fibre -RRB- that makes it difficult to absorb , so vegetarians may want to consider a supplement of about 15-20mg a day . Food sources : fish , meat , sunflower seeds , pumpkin seeds , pine nuts , nuts , oysters and other shellfish , crab , rye flour , cheddar cheese . ALTERNATING CONSTIPATION AND DIARRHOEA . What 's causing it ? Need for magnesium . Magnesium is an essential mineral with about 70 per cent in the bones and the remaining 30 per cent in the soft tissues and body fluids . We use up massive amounts in the stress response and when we eat sugar . Our ability to calm muscles and brain after stress rely on this ` calming mineral ' and you can see a vicious cycle can be set up when stress depletes it and our coping capacity is diminished . Low levels are associated with classic stress-related symptoms like anxiety , irritability , insomnia , depression and muscle pains . As the muscles of the digestive tract also rely on magnesium for calming and we feel stress keenly in the enteric nervous system in the gut , low levels often manifest there as difficulty regulated digestive muscle function and we can tend to constipation -LRB- seizure -RRB- or diarrhoea -LRB- spasm -RRB- . Often these can alternate as the body struggles to find ` normal ' . Plenty of food sources and perhaps a supplement of 300-500mg magnesium citrate a day may help . Food sources : buckwheat , nuts , soybeans , dark green vegetables , carrots , peas , sweet potato , sunflower and sesame seeds , lentils , avocado , cauliflower , fish , meat . BLEEDING GUMS . What 's causing it ? Need for vitamin C . Vitamin C is an antioxidant and needed for at least 300 metabolic functions in the body . It aids in the production of anti-stress hormones , interferon -LRB- immune-system protein -RRB- and is needed for the production of collagen , from which we make all body tissues . This is why the classic vitamin C full-on deficiency , scurvy involves haemorrhaging -- body tissues are unable to be replenished and break down . Citrus fruits are a rich source of vitamin C . If the body is deficient in this nutrient some people suffer bleeding gums and bruise easily . A very mild form of this can be seen in easy bruising and bleeding gums when brushing teeth , signs we are probably using up vitamin C very quickly in the stress response . Other signs of deficiency include susceptibility to infection/colds and difficulty recovering from illness . It is depleted by smoking , alcohol , analgesics , oral contraceptives , steroids and with antidepressant use . Food sources : berries , citrus fruits , green vegetables , asparagus , avocados , broccoli , Brussels sprouts , cantaloupe , kale , mangos , onions , papayas , green peas , pineapple , radishes , spinach , strawberries , tomatoes and watercresss . HARD PIMPLES AT THE TOP OF ARMS AND THIGHS . Hard spots at the top of the thighs and arms reveal a vitamin E deficiency . What 's causing it ? Need for vitamin E . Follicular keratosis is also associated with lowered vitamin A levels , as it is also a fat-soluble antioxidant and works with vitamin E. Another nutrient that can contribute to easy bruising , Vitamin E is a fat-soluble antioxidant that protects fatty body areas and is needed for fertility -- the meaning of the Greek word tocopherol , its chemical name . Low levels of vitamin E and also omega oils can be seen as hardened , raised pimples at the tops of arms and legs that show abnormal skin growth called follicular keratosis , where too much of the skin protein keratin builds up . Vitamin E may also help with improved circulation , the promotion of normal blood clotting , scarring , blood pressure and enhanced sperm production . Food sources : cold-pressed vegetable oils , dark green leafy vegetables , legumes , nuts , seeds , whole grains , brown rice , eggs , kelp , milk , oatmeal , organ meats , soybeans , sweet potatoes and watercress . FREQUENT THROAT AND CHEST INFECTIONS . What 's causing it ? Need for vitamin A . Vitamin A is essential for night vision -LRB- yes , carrots can help you see in the dark ! -RRB- and the health and resiliency against infection of the outer skin and the mucous membranes that line the respiratory , gastrointestinal and urinary tracts . Stress can cause people have trouble shifting colds and they commonly move to the chest and throat . Increasing vitamin A - found in fish liver oils can help replenish the body . When you have trouble shifting colds and they commonly move to the chest and throat , increasing levels through plenty of greens and -LRB- if you eat -RRB- high-quality organic meat can help , in a stew helps deliver the nutrients efficiently and hydrate tissues at the same time . Sufficient supply of zinc is needed to mobilise and release stores of vitamin A. Food sources : animal livers , fish liver oils and green , red , orange and yellow fruits and vegetables . Foods that contain significant amounts include apricots , asparagus , broccoli , cantaloupe , carrots , papayas , peaches , pumpkin , red peppers , spinach , watercress and yellow squash . CHARLOTTE WATTS is a nutritionist , yoga teacher and author of new book The De-Stress Effect : Rebalance Your Body 's Systems for Vibrant Health and Happiness . Her work has focussed on how nutrition and yoga can meet to help people cope with the type of demands we face in the 21st century . She has also authored The De-Stress Diet -LRB- with Anna Magee -RRB- , 100 Top Recipes for Happy Kids , 100 Best Foods for Pregnancy and 100 Foods to Stay Young .