An eight-year-old boy from Layton , Utah , ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor . Lotatoa ` Lota ' Ward just loves to run . Even before he was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature Teratoma - back in October 2014 , the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in September for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy . Though his diagnosis meant more time in the hospital , often in order to undergo some kind of surgical procedure , the tumor did nothing to stop Lota from hitting the trails . In fact , both he and his doctor say it has actually helped him through his treatments . ` I got this ! ' eight-year-old Lota Ward had already run several half marathons before being diagnosed with a brain tumor , and still continues to run despite his diagnosis . Most recently , Lota made the decision to attempt the 10th annual Antelope Island Buffalo Run just outside Salt Lake City , with the help of his running fanatic father . The 50-mile race was the eight-year-old 's biggest challenge yet , but he tackled it like a trained professional , completing a total of 33 miles - longer than a full marathon - before his sore feet forced him to stop . ` I like running because it helps me a lot with hard times , ' Lota told Runner 's World . ` It does n't make me feel scared going into brain surgery . ' In recovery : Lota underwent his fourth brain surgery on Wednesday , April 1 , and while the Ward family remains optimistic , the fight is not over yet . ` I like running because it helps me a lot with hard times ' : Lota 's hobby has become a source of strength for him in the face of several brain sugeries . Shortly after his diagnosis last October , Lota underwent two initial brain surgeries to help drain spinal fluid and to remove some of the tumor . However , due to the risk of stroke , doctor 's were unable to complete the latter . Lota later went to see doctors for his three month check-up and was given devastating news : the tumor that they originally believed to be benign had grown aggressively . A subsequent biopsy lead to a new diagnosis - Lota has a Non-Germinomatous Germ-cell tumor , a malignant form of brain tumor . Luckily for the Ward family , the tumor was not untreatable . But Lota was going to be in for a fight . As tough as things became , however , Lota never stopped running . After every surgery , he would be up and walking within hours , ready to get out on the road once again . Reaching the peak : Lota was running before doctor 's told him of his brain tumor . He had even ran a half marathon in aid of spinal muscular atrophy . Proud papa : Lota 's father Keith Ward is also an avid runner and accompanied his son on the 50-mile race . Lota 's parents were initially concerned , but their son 's neurosurgeon , who also happens to be a trial runner , set their mind at ease . ` We asked -LSB- the doctor -RSB- if Lota 's running would affect the growth of the tumor or cause it to do mutations , and he said it does n't affect it at all , ' Lota 's father Keith told Runner 's World . ` He said : `` As long as it keeps him happy and healthy , I do n't see anything wrong with it . '' ' Lota is currently recovering from his fourth surgery and , according to his Facebook page , already has his next helf marathon scheduled for May 30 . And though he did n't quite finish his most recent 50-mile race , the ever-positive little runner plans to take on a 100-mile race next year .