The fact Jimmy Anderson and Sir Ian Botham are the leading wicket-takers in England Test history proves cricket is a game in which players of completely different character can thrive . It takes a range of types to make a successful team and you could not get more contrasting personalities than Sir Ian and the quiet lad from Burnley who broke his English Test wicket-taking record on Friday night . When I played for England we had Alec Stewart , meticulous and well organised , opening the batting with that scruffy herbert Mike Atherton . Jimmy Anderson celebrates taking a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies on Friday . The 32-year-old is congratulated by his England team-mates following the dismissal of Denesh Ramdin . Then we had Andrew Caddick , who needed reassurance and an arm round the shoulder , opening the bowling with a character in Darren Gough who loved the limelight and wanted to be the centre of attention . Botham was always larger than life and in your face , had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now . When Sir Ian walks into a room everybody notices him . Anderson , by contrast , would go unnoticed if he walked into a room . He shuns the limelight -- so unlike the angry youth we so often see on the field . Sir Ian Botham watches on and applauds as Anderson beats the former England cricketer 's Test record . Botham gives two thumbs up as he watches the action unfold during the Test match in Antigua . The quality they do share is their stubbornness . I have never heard Beefy admit he was wrong about anything . The only smidgeon of self-doubt came when admitting he perhaps should n't have taken on the West Indies so often with the hook . That absolute belief that he is right about everything was what made Botham the cricketer he was . Jimmy , too , knows the way he wants to do things and does n't like to be told to do it any other way . He had a bit of an argument with Alastair Cook on the fourth evening of this Test . Cook wanted to keep the slips in but Anderson has been worried about batsmen rotating the strike and taking singles his whole career and wanted the chance to go at certain players for the whole of an over . Botham will be very happy for Anderson He is not one of those former players who look at records and hope they stay at the top of the tree . The 59-year-old was one of the first people to congratulate Anderson after the Test match had finished . Cook had to remind the leader of his attack that England had more than 400 to play with and needed to attack so the captain got his way , even though Anderson looked grumpy about it . The point is , you do not have to have the same rules for every player in your team . There really can be one rule for Sir Ian Botham and there can be a different rule for Jimmy Anderson . Jimmy Anderson was one of the nicest blokes I captained and I was delighted when he broke Sir Ian 's record here . You could see how much it meant to the England team , too , who were urging him towards this landmark . Botham , up in the commentary box with us , was very happy for Anderson . He has been waiting to give Jimmy some wine and now he will hand it over gladly . Botham has always been larger than life and showed huge self-belief as a player and he still has an aura . England 's Alastair Cook takes the catch as Anderson celebrates taking his record-breaking wicket . Clearly a popular figure , Anderson is swamped by his team-mates following the all-important wicket .