An Italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends was desperate to ` purge ' her previous relationships , a Milan court heard . Martina Levato and her German boyfriend Alexander Boettcher , 30 , planned to throw ` corrosive liquid ' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss , it was claimed . The 23-year-old , who was reportedly a student at Milan 's private Bocconi university , also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car in May 2014 , prosecutors alleged . Martina Levato -LRB- left -RRB- and her German boyfriend Alexander Boettcher -LRB- right -RRB- , 30 , wanted to ` purge ' her previous relationships by assaulting men she had previously been linked to , a Milan court heard . The couple was detained on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini . The 22-year-old was left with third-degree burns and damage to his right eye . The court heard Levato said she would ` do something bad ' for property broker Boettcher , who asked her to draw up a list of ex-boyfriends . One of their plans included travelling to London in January to carry out an attack on a man that flirted with Levato in Ibiza , the investigating judge Giuseppe Gennari said . One of their plans included travelling to London in January to carry out an attack on a man that flirted with Levato in Ibiza , the investigating judge said . Investigators also explored the possibility that Levato and Boettcher had attempted similar attacks against other people , including one man - named only as G.C. - who managed to dodge the acid . The couple bought paint guns , pepper spray and ` corrosive liquid ' ahead of their arrest , it was revealed . Their alleged accomplice Andrea Magnani , 32 , was arrested in February and also faces charges . Mr Gennari added the attacks were ` frighteningly extreme ' and said there was a high chance Levato would offend again if released . The pair were given fresh detention orders .