Sports car icons Porsche have put their newest vehicle to the test in a mesmerising world-first stunt in the Australia Outback . The video depicts the 918 Spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the on the Stuart Highway , north of Alice Springs , on a stretch of road with no speed limit . The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird , who switches the vehicle into ` Race Hybrid ' and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone . Scroll down for video . The video is part of a promotional tour from Porsche to promote their 918 Spyder , a limited edition $ 900,000 supercar . The $ 900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/h top speed in a mere 40 seconds . In ` Race Hybrid ` mode the motors work in unison with the 4.6-litre V8 petrol to deliver a staggering 8,500 rpm of power . Obviously , this stunt is not to be tried by the amateur driver : Porsche used radios and spotters to ensure that the road was completely empty at the time , and Baird is a highly-experienced racer with multiple V8 Supercars and Porsche Carrera Cup race wins to his name . In 2012 , Craig Baird was honoured with a special Porsche bonnet , recognising him as the most successful Carrera Cup driver in the world . The video depicts the car rocketing down a dead-straight stretch of unrestricted road in the outback . The car is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/h top speed in a mere 40 seconds . The 918 Spyder is concluding a promotional tour of Australia that showcases the companies E - hybrid models . The car has been on display in Porsche Centre showrooms and is heading to its final stop at the Porsche Centre in Brisbane . The left hand drive 918 Spyder is a limited edition supercar , with the company planning to manufacture only 918 units in 2015 . The 918 Spyder is concluding a promotional tour of Australia that showcases the companies E - hybrid models . The car is driven by New Zealand driver Craig Baird , a highly-experienced racer with multiple V8 Supercars and Porsche Carrera Cup race wins to his name .