Apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage . To address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts . At least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and another for iOS software power systems engineer -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . The job listings were discovered by fan site AppleInsider and include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . In particular , the iOS software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate ` will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues , modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system , and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends . ' Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page . It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . All-day battery life : This includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . Audio playback : The battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music . Talk time : Apple said the Watch can be used for up to three hours for calls . Workout : During this test the Watch lasted for seven hours when a workout session was active and the heart rate sensor was on . Watch : When used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour . Power reserve : When the Apple Watch 's battery gets low it switches into Power Reserve mode letting users tell the time for up to 72 hours - with four time checks an hour . Charging time : The company said it takes 1.5 hours to charge the Watch to 80 % and 2.5 hours for a full charge . Apple 's tests were carried out in March 2015 with a pre-production Apple Watch and software paired with an iPhone using pre-production software . Apple said battery life varies with environmental factors , use , configuration , and ` many other factors ' so actual results will vary . As the site suggests , this shows Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks . Apple 's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ` normal usage ' is and this can differ from person to person . These times have only been beaten by Samsung 's latest Galaxy S6 . Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge . However , official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long . Boss Tim Cook said at the launch event last month that the Watch will last 18 hours , but this only includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . Apple is expected to launch an iPhone 6S , 6S Plus as well as potentially a four-inch model later this year . Battery improvements could be made to these handsets , or they may be a feature on next year 's iPhone 7 . Alternatively , because a number of the jobs refer to a software rather than hardware engineer , these battery improvements could be made and rolled out to existing phones as part of an iOS upgrade . Earlier this week Atmel released its latest microcontrollers -LRB- MCUs -RRB- for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can harvest energy from a person 's body . The SAM L microcontrollers are part of Atmel 's 32-bit ARM-based MCU range and are powered by chip maker ARM 's Cortex M0 + 32-bit processors . A number of Apple devices , including the iPhone 5S and iPad Air are powered by chips based around ARM technology . Atmel said its MCUs extend ` battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms , healthcare , medical , wearable , and devices placed in rural , agriculture , offshore and other remote areas . ' Apple 's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ` normal usage ' is and this can differ from person to person . Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook -LRB- pictured -RRB- uses 30 % less energy than previous models . Apple boss Tim Cook said the Watch 's ` all-day ' battery life lasts 18 hours with ` typical use ' - but official tests recently revealed this equates to just 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30-minute workout with music . Apple defines the battery on its Watch page and said a time check lasts four seconds . They use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made . The microcontrollers run on the firm 's picoPower technology and Atmel 's Event System that makes different parts of the device work together to carry out tasks . By effectively ` sharing ' energy , the whole device uses less power and , subsequently , less battery . It can also manage how much energy is being used by other components to make them as efficient as possible . Plus , the technology is so low power it can harvest energy from the body using changes in temperature . Earlier this week Atmel released its latest microcontrollers -LRB- MCUs -RRB- for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can even harvest energy from a person 's body . Atmel said its MCUs extend ` battery life from years to decades , reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices ' During a demonstration of the microcontrollers at this year 's CES , Andreas Eieland , Atmel 's director of product marketing demonstrated how he could power a radio by placing his hand on a panel . This panel recognised a change in temperature between the hand and the room and this was harvested to create charge .