We all need a helping hand sometimes , and nobody more so than Kecil the baby orangutan , who had a tough start to life after his natural mother and another surrogate mother rejected him . But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago 's Brookfield Zoo , and has today been pictured cuddling up to the experienced mother ahead of his first public outing this weekend . Maggie , 53 , who has already raised one surrogate child , has proved herself yet again by helping to raise Kecil -LRB- pronounced Ka-cheel -RRB- for the past 10 months , and the two now have an inseparable bond . Scroll down for video . Taking care : Maggie , 53 , wraps a protective arm around Kecil the baby orangutan who she has been raising for the past ten months after his mother and a surrogate mother both rejected him . Inseparable : Zookeepers were nervous that Maggie might reject Kecil after raising four of her own children and another surrogate which was given to her in 2002 , but she has proved her parenting prowess once again . When the pair appeared in front of news crews earlier today , Kecil began crying after losing sight of Maggie for a few moments . But the elder orangutan quickly returned , at which point Kecil quietened down and scooted over to join her , reports the Chicago Sun Times . Kecil had to be moved from his birthplace at Toledo zoo , in Ohio , 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth . He was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate , but she did not form a bond with him either . In a final attempt to find a parent for Kecil , he was handed over to Maggie , the oldest orangutan in North America , who has already raised four children of her own , and a fifth surrogate which was given to her in 2002 . The pair immediately showed signs of intimacy , but zookeepers still faced a tense wait to see if the elderly orangutan would take on full parental duties . Nava Greenblatt , one of the zoo 's lead primate keepers , said that the turning point came when a fire alarm sounded at the zoo a few weeks ago , frightening Kecil , who ran to Maggie and cuddle up to her . Turning point : Keepers in Chicago said the turning point for Kecil came a few weeks ago when a fire alarm went off on the zoo , frightening him . Usually he turned to people for comfort , but instead he ran and cuddled up to Maggie . Big day : After settling into his new enclosure , Kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend in two hours slots between 10 am and midday , allowing him to nap in the afternoons . Getting into the swing of things : Keepers said when Kecil and Maggie were first put into their new enclosure , the older ape would wander too far ahead , and Kecil would get lost , but the pair have now learned to stick close to one another . She said : ` Initially when he would be feeling insecure he would turn to people , and then there was a shift where he would turn to Maggie if he felt insecure . That was a big milestone . He really needs her to learn how to be an orangutan . ' The pair will eventually become part of an exhibit featuring the zoo 's four other orangutans , but at the moment they are living in isolation , as would be the case in the wild . Kecil will be on display on Saturday and Sunday at Brookfield Zoo 's Tropic World Asia enclosure between 10 am and midday . The other orangutans will be allowed into the enclosure around those times to help them acclimatise as well . Hanging out : The pair will eventually become part of an exhibit featuring the zoo 's four other orangutans , but at the moment they are living in isolation , as would be the case in the wild . Happy monkey : Keepers said : ` On his first day out he was wide eyed and a bit amazed . He stayed close to Maggie and whimpered if she moved too far away . We saw many joyful reunions those first few days as they separated and found one another again '