Another trophy slipped through Brendan Rodgers ' grip when they lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . That elusive first piece of silverware is proving hard to attain and an itch is developing which is in dire need of being scratched . After spending more than £ 200million since taking charge at Liverpool in June 2012 , there is only so long the owners and fans will keep patient in their desire for dividends . Brendan Rodgers gives instructions to Steven Gerrard during Liverpool 's defeat against Aston Villa . Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after Liverpool were dumped out of the FA Cup . Twitching times can develop when the top clubs go through barren spells - and Rodgers ' is beginning to enter such a period . During Rodgers ' time in charge , Manchester United and Chelsea had spent more than their Merseyside rivals - so too have City by a fraction - but each of those have brought home something . United and City have won two trophies - including the Premier League title - while Chelsea have one and are sure to add the league title to that soon . Arsene Wenger has spent £ 183m , comparatively little , but managed to win two trophies over the past two seasons . That is less than rivals Tottenham , who have spent just under £ 200m and , like Liverpool , have won nothing . Alexis Sanchez celebrates his extra-time winner against Reading to seal Arsenal 's spot in the FA Cup final . Eden Hazard 's first-half strike against Manchester United leaves Chelsea on the brink of winning the title . While the country 's best teams are filling their trophy cabinets , Rodgers ' remains bare . The Red half of Merseyside expect success and landed the League Cup under Kenny Dalglish just before Rodgers took to the helm . Analysis by Sportsmail indicates that he has signed 22 players during his tenure , but only seven of those can be considered a success at this current time . His top signings have been Daniel Sturridge , Philippe Coutinho and Simon Mignolet , but the poor transfers outweigh the successful ones . Rogers has gone for top young talent , ranging from 18 to 21 when he signs them . There is still time for some of those players - the likes of Joao Teixeira and Divock Origi - to prove their worth . But there will be only so much time . Many of his big-money failures came last summer , when he tried to spend the money accrued from selling Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £ 75m . Adam Lallana , Lazar Markovic , Dejan Lovren and Mario Balotelli have all disappointed this term . Like the younger potentials , each of those could still make their mark , but the question is if it does not come together next season - and they remain trophyless again - will Rogers still be in charge to reap any of the rewards ? Philippe Coutinho , Mario Balotelli and Jordan Henderson reflect on Liverpool 's semi-final defeat on Sunday . Summer 2012 . Fabio Borini , Roma , £ 10.5 m . Farmed out to Sunderland for the whole of last season on loan then failed to secure a move away from Liverpool but has scored just once this season as a bit-part player . VERDICT : MISS . Joe Allen , Swansea , £ 15m . One of Rodgers ' first signings after he raided his former club . The plucky midfielder has not been spectacular so far but has still been a solid acquisition . VERDICT : HIT . Fabio Borini , pictured in action against Newcastle earlier this month , has scored just one goal for Liverpool . Joe Allen tackles Christian Benteke in Liverpool 's defeat ; he has proved to be one of Rodgers ' best buys . Oussama Assaidi , Heerenveen , £ 2.4 m . Failed to make a Premier League start at Liverpool , having more joy in two loan spells at Stoke , and was sold to Al Ahli in January . VERDICT : MISS . Samed Yesil , Bayer Leverkusen , £ 1m . Still only 20 , this signing could well come to fruition at a later stage , especially if some of his performances for the club 's Under-21 side are anything to go by . But has made only two appearances for the first team , both in the League Cup . VERDICT : MISS . January 2013 . Daniel Sturridge , Chelsea , £ 12m . Who says January transfers never work ? Went on to score 11 goals in 16 Liverpool games in the second half of the season after signing and has become one of Europe 's top strikers . VERDICT : HIT . Philippe Coutinho , Inter Milan , £ 8.5 m . What a snip £ 8.5 m looks after the Brazilian , still only 22 , has become one of the league 's best players . VERDICT : HIT . Coutinho and Daniel Sturridge , both signed in January 2013 , must be considered ` hits ' for Liverpool . Summer 2013 . Luis Alberto , Sevilla , £ 6.8 m . The 22-year-old is currently on loan at Malaga after failing to break into Liverpool 's first team and is yet to start a league match for them . VERDICT : MISS . Iago Aspas , Celta Vigo , £ 7.2 m . Strikers are judged on their goals and Aspas , now on loan at Sevilla , has scored only one of those for Liverpool in an FA Cup match . VERDICT : MISS . Simon Mignolet , Sunderland , £ 9m . Been through some shaky spells but when on form , which he is at the moment , he is one of the Premier League 's best goalkeepers . VERDICT : HIT . Simon Mignolet has endured some shaky spells at Liverpool , but when in form , he is one of the league 's best . Joao Teixeira , Sporting Lisbon , £ 800,000 . The 22-year-old has performed well on loan at Brighton this season and time will tell if he can break into Liverpool 's first team , but he has to be deemed a ` miss ' after only one substitute appearance so far . VERDICT : MISS . Kolo Toure , Man City , free . At 34 , he is no longer one of the greatest centre-backs in the league but is by no means one of the worst and signing him on a free transfer was a shrewd piece of business . VERDICT : HIT . Mamadou Sakho cost Liverpool £ 18m and has failed to justify his price tag , while Kolo Toure joined on a free . Mamadou Sakho , Paris Saint-Germain , £ 18m . Can be a formidable central defender at times but is far too erratic to justify the £ 18m price tag . VERDICT : MISS . Tiago Ilori , Sporting Lisbon , £ 7m . Yet to play for Liverpool and the defender has managed only a few appearances on loan at Granada and now Bordeaux . Only 22 , but is running out of time to prove himself . VERDICT : MISS . Summer 2014 . Kevin Stewart , Tottenham , free . Another who could well become a ` hit ' in the future , but can not be considered one right now with the 21-year-old not appearing for Liverpool . On loan at Burton . VERDICT : MISS . Rickie Lambert , Southampton , £ 4m . It felt like he was joining the club as a back-up player , but injury to Sturridge and lack of form from Mario Balotelli thrust Lambert into the spotlight and he has been unable to deliver . VERDICT : MISS . Rickie Lambert , replacing Raheem Sterling in Liverpool 's win over Newcastle , is a bit-part player at Anfield . Adam Lallana , Southampton , £ 25m . Lallana has admitted he is yet to repay the Liverpool fans for his hefty price tag and has been well short of his commanding displays for Southampton in recent seasons . VERDICT : MISS . Emre Can , Bayer Leverkusen , £ 10m . Rodgers appears to be moulding Can into a centre-back and at 21 he has played with a mature head that belies his tender years . VERDICT : HIT . Lazar Markovic , Benfica , £ 20m . The Serbian has been at times brilliant but has failed to produce that form on a regular basis and at £ 20m fans will be expecting far more . VERDICT : MISS . Emre Can has played with a mature head that belies his tender years since joining from Bayer Leverkusen . LIVERPOOL . TOTAL MONEY SPENT : £ 215.7 m . TROPHIES WON : 0 . CHELSEA . TOTAL MONEY SPENT : £ 277.3 m . TROPHIES WON : Capital One Cup . MANCHESTER UNITED . TOTAL MONEY SPENT : £ 267.5 m . TROPHIES WON : Premier League , Community Shield . MANCHESTER CITY . TOTAL MONEY SPENT : £ 217.4 m . TROPHIES WON : Premier League , Capital One Cup . TOTTENHAM . TOTAL MONEY SPENT : £ 199.7 m . TROPHIES WON : 0 . ARSENAL . TOTAL MONEY SPENT : £ 183m . TROPHIES WON : FA Cup , Community Shield . Dejan Lovren , Southampton , £ 20m . Another former Southampton player who turned in a number of consummate displays on the south coast but has failed to replicate them in Merseyside . Become an error-prone player since his move . VERDICT : MISS . Divock Origi , Lille , £ 10m . The Belgian is only considered a ` miss ' due to not playing for Liverpool , but if he can replicate his form on loan at Lille when he returns , Rodgers could have a frightening forward at his disposal . Still only 20 . VERDICT : MISS . Alberto Moreno , Sevilla , £ 12m . Been an ever-present at full-back in Liverpool 's side this season ; strong , fast and direct going forward and is not bad at defending as well . VERDICT : HIT . Mario Balotelli , AC Milan , £ 16m . His off-field problems outweigh his one goal in the league and three in other competitions . The controversial Italian has mustered all season . Rodgers needed a stellar name to replace Luis Suarez up front and Balotelli has not been that . VERDICT : MISS . HITS : 7 . MISSES : 15 .