A stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation . Sally White , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . But Sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable . A stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation . Sally White , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . When Sally married surveyor Mark White . 30 , she wanted the horse called Miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations . Sally said : ` Miller and I are a team - I needed him with me on my big day . ` I rode him to church and I even had a model of Miller on my wedding cake . ` It was touch and go whether he would survive when he was rescued by the RSPCA three years ago . ` But just look at him now - he 's magnificent . ' When Sally married surveyor Mark White . 30 , she wanted the horse called Miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations . She says : ` I rode him to church and I even had a model of Miller on my wedding cake , ' The RSPCA were called in to rescue the 15.2 hands cob abandoned in a field in Swansea , South Wales , three years ago . Sally 's dramatic entrance at the church was slightly ruined when it poured with rain - putting a dampener on the wedding pictures . So she put her white wedding gown on again a week later and brought in a specialist equine photographer to take the stunning snaps which she will treasure forever . The RSPCA were called in to rescue the 15.2 hands cob abandoned in a field in Swansea , South Wales , three years ago . He was malnourished , had severe anaemia and struggled to stand up because he was so weak . Miller was taken to the RSPCA 's Gonsal Farm Equine Welfare and Rehabilitation Centre in Shrewsbury where Sally works as a groom - and it was love at first sight . Sally said : ` He was in a terrible state after being abandoned in a field with no water and only brambles to eat . When Sally first found Miller his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . ` I adopted him and after a lot of tender love and care he put his weight back on and turned out to be a very good pupil . ' Sally trained the six-year-old horse in the arts of dressage and she now competes with him in the British championships . She said : ` He took to dressage straight away - he 's won lots of rosettes and everywhere he goes people love him . He 's become a real star . ` He was on his best behaviour for my wedding day and when we took the photographs later he just looked perfect . I felt very proud . ' The RSPCA hope Miller 's story will encourage others to adopt mistreated horses , ponies and donkeys . Gareth Johnson , the RSPCA 's equine rehoming officer for Wales , said : ` Sally has worked hard with Miller and his transformation has been fantastic . ` I am delighted that he has been given a completely new life with Sally and it is lovely to see them both together . '