Forget sunbathing , now you can spend your holiday learning to strip . Burlesque queen Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch , a luxury health resort in Tucson , Arizona . With an emphasis on self-confidence boosting , the forty two-year-old fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern burlesque - the ` art form ' she famously revived . Dita von Teese will offer guests at the Canyon Ranch an insight into the glamorous world of burlesque . Sensuality & the Art of the Teese with Dita Von Teese will invite female guests to unleash their inner divas with a selection of workshops and classes . Von Teese , real name Heather Renée Sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher Catherine D'Lish , to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . From June 8 until June 12 , holidaymakers to the ranch - more famous for holistic body treatments than nipple tassels - can learn classic moves such as the ` burlesque strut ' as well as how to artfully remove garters , gloves and stockings . Von Teese , real name Heather Renée Sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher Catherine D'Lish , to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . Canyon Ranch , the luxury health resort in Tucson , Arizona , where Dita Von Teese will lead her workshops . Instead of hitting the resort 's fitness centre , plucky holidaymakers can take part in a Fit Strip class , hosted by Von Teese herself , along with fitness staff from the ranch . And for those wanting a deeper understanding of American burlesque , which first gained popularity as early as 1860 , there will be history sessions , during which Von Teese will show guests treasured items from her personal collection of memorabilia . ` We are thrilled that Dita chose to lead her first-ever burlesque workshop at Canyon Ranch in Tucson , ' Canyon Ranch 's director of public relations told Mail Online Travel . More oo-er than ohm : Von Teese believes her burlesque workshops can build women 's confidence . Finding peace : Canyon Ranch health resort in Tuscon is an 150 acre haven in the Sonoran Desert , Arizona . ` We are confident that this program will appeal to our current guests as well as those who 've never before visited Canyon Ranch . ' Von Teese told the New York Times : ` It really has nothing to do with my performance , but more to do with sharing where my motivations and confidence come from , and trying to explain what it is about burlesque that 's become such a uniquely modern feminist movement . ' A five-night stay at Canyon Ranch costs $ 5,460 -LRB- around £ 3565 -RRB- per person including accommodation , meals , airport transfers and spa treatments and unlimited classes .