Conrad Clitheroe , left , and Gary Cooper , right , were thrown in jail after being arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in Dubai . A planespotter held with two friends in an Abu Dhabi jail has run out of medicine for his serious heart condition . Conrad Clitheroe , from Stockport , is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro - also from Greater Manchester . But the 54-year-old 's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication - and claims guards ` do n't care ' . None of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from Dubai . They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a ` threat to national security ' . They were placed in a cell on February 21 , missing their flight home the next day . A judge has since extended their custody licence , which will be up again on April 12 . The families of Mr Clitheroe and Mr Cooper have paid £ 9,000 for lawyer Naseer Hashem -- but claim he has been out of touch . Mr Clitheroe 's wife Valerie said : ` We have n't been able to get him for a week . The Prime Minister 's office has replied saying there is nothing they can do to help . ` I only speak to Conrad once a week now -- he 's said he 's run out of blood pressure medication but the guards do n't care . ` I 've asked the consulate to help but I 'm worried . ' The couple were planning to spend Easter in Spain . Now Mrs Clitheroe hopes her husband will be home for the next milestone -- their first wedding anniversary on May 9 . She added : ` I so hope he 's home . We 've heard nothing , the lawyer wo n't answer and neither will the charity Detained in Dubai . ` They are just ignoring us . I 'm not doing very well at all , I 'm just hoping something will happen next Sunday . But if it 's another extension I just do n't know how the guys will cope . ' Hobby : Mr Clitheroe posted this picture from the Sheraton Deira Hotel in Dubai on February 19 saying he was ` plane spotting in the dark ' A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman said : ` We can confirm that three British nationals were detained in Fujairah , UAE on 21 February . They have subsequently been transferred to Abu Dhabi , UAE . ` We are providing consular assistance to the individuals and their families . ' Mrs Clitheroe says the three friends were driving past Fujairah Airport , spotting planes and taking notes when they were arrested . Her husband has insisted throughout that they did not take any photographs -- heeding warnings on planespotter forums . A crowd-funding site has raised more than £ 4,300 .