A Pennsylvania high school is attracting national media attention for all the wrong reasons after a group of students organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest , with future events scheduled . The organizers of the homophobic protest at McGuffey High School in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing ` Anti-Gay ' on their hands . The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters . Scroll down for video . A number of the anti-gay protesters proudly shared photos of them wearing flannel shirts on social media platforms such as Instagram . Pupils also wrote ` Anti-Gay ' on the hands along with a cross as part of their protests apparantly a reaction to a Day Of Silence events for bullied LBGT students the previous day . ` It hurts me to see how rude and cruel , and some of these people were my friends before this started , ' Zoe Johnson told WPXI . She was one of a number of pupils who the previous day had observed the nationally recognized Day Of Silence , an event aimed at drawing attention to gay and lesbian bullying and harassment in schools . As part of their protest , Johnson and the other dozen members of the school 's Gay-Straight Alliance had worn black , painted rainbows on their faces , and remained silent for much of the day . Thursday 's Anti-Gay Day protest is understood to have been a reaction to the previous day 's event . It is estimated that somewhere between 50 and 100 students took part in the Anti-Gay event and many openly shared photos on social media of them dressed in their flannel shirts . ` They had a very silent , respectful day of action , and then they came to school on Thursday to an organized backlash , ' Kathy Cameron , chair of the board of directors of the Washington County Gay Straight Alliance , told BuzzFeed . The organizers of the school 's anti-gay movement have promised further clothing-related protests this week . ` The instigators , the bullies , seemed to be very proud of their efforts and posted many smiling pictures online . ' It is believed the students chose the shirts because they are a common item of clothing found in most wardrobes . The organizers of the anti-gay movement have promised further clothing-related protests this week including wearing orange . Students have also reported seeing a ` lynch list ' circulating the school of LBGT students who participated in the Day Of Silence event . Concerned students and parents have called on school authorities to act and Dr. Erica Kolat , superintendent of McGuffey School District , has released a statement . ` Yesterday afternoon , April 16 , 2015 , allegations of harassment were brought to the attention of our administration . McGuffey School District , along with school police officers , continue to investigate all allegations , ' she said . ` We will follow our Student Code of Conduct , and file legal citations , as warranted . We resolve to ensure that all children can grow and learn in a safe , supportive environment free from discrimination . ' Students have also reported seeing a ` lynch list ' curculating the school of LBGT students who participated in the Day Of Silence event .