The mass stranding of 160 melon-headed whales on two beaches in Japan has triggered fears of upcoming earthquake and tsunami . The whales , which are in fact a species of dolphin , were found washed up along a 6-mile -LRB- 10 km -RRB- stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato , around 60 miles -LRB- 100 km -RRB- north of Tokyo . Although officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings , they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake . Scroll down for video . More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches at Hokota city , north-east of Tokyo . The fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 that caused a tsunami and left 19,000 people dead . However , experts have dismissed the claims as being ` unscientific ' . For centuries there have been accounts of animals behaving bizarrely before earthquakes . Now scientists have filmed the behaviour of wild animals prior to a quake and believe their study could help improve short-term seismic forecasting . They found that animals in Peru - such as pumas and razor-billed curassow birds - ran for cover days before the event . Researchers believe that the changes in behaviour may be linked to airborne ions . Led by Dr Rachel Grant of Anglia Ruskin University , experts used data gathered from a series of motion-triggered cameras located in the Yanachaga National Park in Peru . The research found that significant changes in animal behaviour began 23 days before the magnitude 7.0 Contamana earthquake that struck the region in 2011 . On a typical day , the cameras would record between five and 15 animal sightings . However , within the two-day period in the run-up to the earthquake , they recorded five or fewer sightings . Instead they believe the melon-headed whales may have suffered a parasitic infection . Others believe the sandy shoals around Hokato city may have also made the animal 's sonar ineffective . Toshiaki Kishiro , head of Cetacean Resources at Japan 's National Research Institute of Far Seas Fisheries , said while it was possible the whales frightened by disturbances in the Earth 's electromagnetic field caused by movement in the tectonic plates - there were was no firm evidence of this . Speaking to the Telegraph he said : ` This area of Japan has had many similar cases of beachings in the past , and especially of this species , so we are trying to find out why it happens . ' He added that the animals , which measure two to three metres in length , could have been trying to avoid predators like killer whales and come too close to the shore . However , despite attempts to reassure the public , social media sites like Twitter have been ablaze with rumours of an impending earthquake . One Twitter user wrote : ` Is the next one coming ? Be ready for a quake . ' The whales first began to appear on the beach last week but officials said they had discovered eight more bodies today . Local residents had rushed to the beaches with buckets and towels in an attempt to help keep the marine mammals alive . Scientists are still investigating what caused the whales to become stranded on the beaches of Hokota city . Local resident used buckets of water in an attempt to keep the melon-headed whales alive on the beaches . Officials have spent the weekend removing and buring the dead melon-headed whales after they stranded . However , almost all of the animals have now died although a few were returned to the ocean . The strandings in 2011 before the magnitude 9 earthquake off the coast of Japan is not the first association of whale strandings with tectonic activity . Around 100 pilot whales died in a mass stranding on a remote beach in New Zealand just two days before a large earthquake hit Christchurch in 2011 . The 2004 Boxing Day earthquake in the Indian Ocean that also triggered a devastating tsunami also saw 170 whales stranded on beaches in Australia and New Zealand in the days before . Those whales that survived were taken back out to sea by the Japan Coast Guard to return them to the ocean . Japan Coast Guard personnel managed to return some of the whales back to the sea . The whales were stranded on two beaches close to Hokota city around 60 miles north of Tokyo . According to the US Geological Survey , which monitors tremors around the world , there was a small magnitude 5.3 earthquake 157 miles -LRB- 252 km -RRB- off the coast of Namie , Japan . Quakes of this size are relatively common along the fault line . However , researchers have found it is possible detect tiny pulses in the Earth 's magnetic field in the areas around the epicentre of earthquakes in the weeks before they occur . Researchers at San Jose State University have been developing new techniques to use these pulses to predict earthquakes using highly sensitive magnetometres . However , it is not know if whales have the ability to detect such tiny fluctuations . Tadasu Yamada , a senior researcher at the National Museum of Nature and Science , said investigations were still ongoing into what caused the whales to strand in Hokato . He told public broadcaster NHK : ` We do n't see any immediate signs of diseases on their bodies , such as cancer . ` We want to figure out what killed these animals . ' Residents struggled to return the whales to the sea after the mammals became exhausted in the shallow water . Once stranded , the animals are vulnerable to dehydration and sunburn until rescuers can use the high tide to move their massive weight back into deeper water . Efforts to save the dolphins stood in marked contrast to the global view of Japan and its relationship with cetaceans . Despite international opprobrium , Japan hunts minke and pilot whales off its coast , and has for many years also pursued the mammals in the Antarctic Ocean , where it takes advantage of a scientific exemption to an international moratorium on whaling . It has never made a secret of the fact that meat from the animals is consumed . A United Nations court ruled last year that the Antarctic hunt was a commercial venture masquerading as research , prompting Tokyo to suspend operations , but it vowed to redesign the programme to make it more scientific . The International Whaling Commission 's -LRB- IWC -RRB- panel of experts said today that it opposed Japan 's proposal for its scientific research whaling programme , saying it did not demonstrate a need for killing whales .