A woman who already has four children is set to become a mother of seven after falling pregnant with triplets . Nadine Crooks , 33 , who lives in Smethwick , West Midlands , was stunned to discover she was expecting again as doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child . She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago . Set to become seven siblings : Nadine Crooks who is expecting triplets pictured with her four children , from left , Trae -LRB- 13 -RRB- , Roxanne -LRB- 18 -RRB- , Zion -LRB- 9 -RRB- and Joshua -LRB- 1 -RRB- . The 33-year-old was stunned to fall pregnant again after being told she was infertile . Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries . She stopped taking the Pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November . She said : ` I was shocked when I found out I was pregnant . When they told me I was going to have three , I could n't believe it at all . ` They had told me I had polycystic ovaries shortly after Joshua was born . ` I decided to stop taking contraceptives and thought that was that . I was content with my four children so the idea of almost doubling my family has taken some getting used to . ' Nadine was told polycystic ovary syndrome would prevent her becoming pregnant again following the birth of her fourth child , Joshua , pictured . Nadine has been told she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner , who did not want to be named . The triplets will be siblings to Roxanne , 18 , Trae , 13 , and Zion , nine , and Joshua , 18 months . The mother , who was born in Jamaica , said : ` I thought I was finished with babies . It is incredible . ' She found out she was expecting triplets , who are due in July , at her 12-week scan at Birmingham Women 's Hospital . ` I 'm thrilled about it now but at the time I thought it must be some kind of joke . I knew I was pregnant though because I obviously know the signs by now , ' Nadine said . ` I have no history of twins or triplets in my family and neither does my partner but we feel blessed to be having more children . ' Nadine with her four children said they are all amazed that she 's set to have three more . Her unplanned pregnancy meant she had to give up a college course in hairdressing so she can remain a full-time mother . ` I had planned to go to college but then I found I was pregnant . I wanted to further my career . I had been a hairdresser for some time but wanted to take the hairdressing course at college . ` So it has had an effect on my career . I really wanted to carry on working but had to stop , ' she explained . The mother-of-four admits her whole family were amazed when she announced she would be adding another three to her brood . The expectant mother had been due to start a course in hairdressing but her career plans are now on hold . Nadine 's scans , pictured left and right , have revealed she is expecting two boys and a girl due in July . She said : ` My family were shocked but I am only coming to terms with it now myself . My mum was not very happy . She thought four children was enough . ` When their father found out , he put his head in hands . He was quite shocked . ` I used to watch these programmes on TV about people with triplets and quadruplets and think I could n't cope with that but I 've got lots of family to help me when they arrive . ' Nadine 's pregnancy has also baffled doctors . She said : ` After the babies are born they are going to have a look to see what is going on . They will do some tests . I do n't have a clue what has happened . I just do n't know . '