A former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink . Rugby prop Dale Forrest , 26 , of Bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends . In December 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym . Dale Forrest would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone - before giving up beer to lose weight . Dale , pictured at his slimmest , was worried he would look like a ` beached whale ' next to his friends on holiday . Since then , Mr Forrest , who had a holiday planned with his mates and did n't want to look like a ` beached whale ' next to them , has lost 10.5 stone . He said : ` I can now go on nights out and feel confident - even without the Dutch courage . ` I no longer feel like people are laughing at me and all it took was a bit of willpower . ' Mr Forrest struggled with his weight from a young age and in adulthood fell into unhealthy habits . Before shedding the pounds Mr Forrest ate a cheese and sausage bap for breakfast , a Big Daddy Box Meal from KFC for lunch and a meat feast pizza for dinner . Dale , pictured sitting down , said he would consume beer , alcopops and shots regularly on nights out . Dale , pictured before his weight loss -LRB- right -RRB- and after losing 10 stone , gave up greasy takeaways for healthy foods and started going to the gym regularly , and saw the pounds fall off . Despite being a rugby player , Dale weighed 24 stone due to his unhealthy lifestyle . He said : ` I was inactive and ate and drank what I wanted . ` All my friends were in really great shape . They got a lot of attention from girls and I got none , which was a bit depressing . ` They were all quite careful about what they ate , but I thought nothing of having dinner at McDonald 's regularly . ' Despite being a keen rugby player , Mr Forrest rarely exercised and lived on an unhealthy diet -- and would regularly drink 12 pints of beer followed by shots and sugary alcopops on a night out with friends . He said : ` I would drink in the pub with my friends every Friday and Saturday . ` I would start off by having a few pints , then as I got a bit bloated I would switch to other drinks . By the end of the night I was downing Jaegerbombs and drinking alcopops . ' After a night out in December 2013 , Mr Forrest logged on to Facebook to look at the pictures taken the night before . Dale is now taking part in a charity boxing match since losing weight . Dale , pictured before -LRB- left -RRB- during a rugby game , and -LRB- right -RRB- after losing more than 10 stone . He was horrified to see that he was nearly double the size of all his friends . He said : ` I was shocked when I saw how big I was compared to my mates . ` Me and the lads had just booked a holiday for the summer and I did not want to be the beached whale at the side of the pool . ` I decided I had to change . ' Desperate to change , Mr Forrest set his alarm for 6 am the next day so he could go to the gym . He said : ` I had to drag myself out of bed - during the walk to the gym I felt like death and I struggled to find any motivation . ` When I got to the gym things changed . I started with some weights and then did 15 minutes on the crosstrainer . ` After I finished I felt I had achieved something , although it was n't as hard as I thought it would be . ` I got a taste for it and started going all the time . ' Dale said he would start the night drinking beer and then move on to shots and alcopops . Dale -LRB- left before losing weight -RRB- turned his life around and lost more than 10 stone thanks to healthy eating . The committed slimmer also overhauled his diet , swapping fatty takeaways for lean meat and fresh vegetables . Before his dramatic weight loss Mr Forrest would snack on chocolate bars and gorge on a fat-rich diet . Now he eats porridge with blueberries for breakfast , grilled turkey with boiled potatoes and vegetables for lunch and grilled fish with green vegetables for dinner . Throughout the day he snacks on nuts , fruit , celery and protein shakes . He also started going to the gym twice a day , weightlifting before work and doing cardio in the evening . By February 2014 Mr Forrest had lost an impressive 3st 7 lb . He said : ` The biggest change was kicking the booze . I still go out now but I 've changed my drinking habits . ` I drink lime and soda throughout the week and I 'll switch to gin and tonic on a Saturday night . ` Within four months people started to notice I had lost weight . My work clothes started getting really baggy as the weight fell off . ` It was a good feeling every time I needed to go down a size , but it cost me a fortune to keep refreshing my wardrobe . ' Since losing more than ten stone , Mr Forrest has dropped from a 48-inch trouser waist to a 34-inch waist . He now weighs in at an even 14 stone . He is planning on taking part in a charity boxing match on April 18 for Cancer Research UK . He said : ` I 've changed my lifestyle completely . It was a lot of hard work - but it is the best thing I have ever done for myself . '