Nico Rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the team-mate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career . Sitting in an air-conditioned room away from the dry heat of the Bahrain paddock , he goes so far as to say this of Lewis Hamilton : ` I know exactly how he is functioning . I understand him really , really well . All his attitudes . I can tell why he is doing whatever he is doing . Sometimes he annoys me . Some character traits . ' Go on , then , tell us what it is that gets under your skin . Lewis Hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday . Hamilton 's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton . Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign . ` I do n't want to give details , ' says Rosberg , diplomatic to the core . At this point the door of the Mercedes hospitality area , in which Rosberg and I are sitting alone , opens fast and loudly . It is Hamilton invading the quiet of the interview . He turns to face the door he has just walked through and slammed shut , his head down , and shouts in an almost childlike way : ` Phew , phew , man , it 's hot , ' deporting himself as if he is about to pass out from heat stroke . ` You see ... ? ' says Rosberg , his eyebrows arched . The daunting task he faces against his extraordinary team-mate was made vividly clear under the lights in qualifying for Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix . Not only will he start behind Hamilton for the fourth consecutive race but behind the Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel , who is emerging as a putative title contender . ROSBERG 'S CORNER . Keke Rosberg . The 1982 world champion attended pre-season testing with friends but rarely goes to races and does not give interviews . Nico said he got his father 's advice before the last race in Abu Dhabi but he generally gives his son space . Vivian Rosberg . Nico 's long-term girlfriend turned wife . She attends a few races , sometimes with a clutch of their long-standing friends , but is happy in the background . She works as an interior designer . Georg Nolte . A popular , mild-mannered former Bild sports journalist , who is Nico 's PR and Man Friday . Tony Ross . Rosberg 's race engineer . His attachment to Rosberg is such that he moved from Williams to Mercedes at the driver 's request . HAMILTON 'S CORNER . Anthony Hamilton . Father is rarely seen at races since being dropped as Lewis 's manager but he is still the family patriarch . He established the business side of his son 's career and still controls elements of it . Niki Lauda . The Mercedes chairman is strictly neutral but has a vested interest in Hamilton being successful , having brought him to the team after telling the board he was the driver who could win them the title . Daniel ` Spinz ' Forrest . Hamilton 's new travelling companion . A music producer , he looks after Hamilton 's social media output . Peter Bonnington . Hamilton 's race engineer . He did the same job for Michael Schumacher . Rosberg 's deficit to Hamilton was six-tenths of a second on Saturday . He is also separated from the Briton by 17 points . But even more separates them as people . Rosberg grew up the son of privilege . His father , Keke , was 1982 world champion . He was brought up in Monaco . He attended a smart international school there . He speaks five languages . But his life is the quiet life . Not for him the Hamilton whirl of red carpets and celebrity acquaintances in Los Angeles . He is not tattooed from chest to leg . While Hamilton courts fame , Rosberg 's dream evening finishes with him and wife , Vivian , staying in to watch an ` educational documentary ' , their yellow Labrador , Bailey , at their side . Family is important . He has known Vivian , an interior designer , since his teenage years . They make smoothies or ` healthy ' pancakes when they home in Monaco or Ibiza . They gather fresh vegetables from their bio-garden . He relishes a bike ride to the beach for lunch . He loves his classic car -- a light blue Mercedes 280SL Pagoda , as perfect as the day it was made in 1970 . He bought it without Vivian knowing , but they both enjoy it now . He drives them through the sweeping mountain roads of southern France . Rosberg has a trait rare among modern Formula One drivers : a hinterland . He turned down a place at Imperial College to become a full-time racing driver . If he wins the World Championship this year he will do so with a book under his arm . He is the driver who never stops learning . Having married last year , he and Vivian are expecting their first child in August , during the sport 's summer break . ` Typical German precision , ' he jokes . ` I 'm very excited and very lucky , ' he says . ` I just hope it all goes well . There is a link between your personal life and your racing life , naturally . ' But we know he is a nice , intelligent chap , more settled in life than his rival . The point when it comes to winning the most prestigious title in motor racing is whether he has the capacity -- the skill and cutting edge -- to beat such an extravagant talent as Hamilton , who eclipsed him last year . Rosberg has failed to match Hamilton this season , raising the question whether he will go the way of Mark Webber , who fell away after making his Red Bull team-mate Vettel fight him for his first title . Rosberg 's deficit to Hamilton was six-tenths of a second in qualifying on Saturday . Jenson Button will start his 100th race for McLaren from last on the grid after his ailing machine again gave up on him during qualifying . It was the third time this weekend he had suffered a failure , the latest coming just four corners into his first lap . ` It was a power cut , ' said Button . ` I do n't know where it came from . ' It is Rosberg who begins work with his engineers earlier and finishes later -- and always turns up on time , unlike Hamilton -- but genius sometimes makes its own rules . Raw talent is outstripping endeavour . As a barbecue was staged in a paddock here on Friday , he toiled in engineering meetings while the rest of us tucked in . He arrived after a brief stop in Dubai , relaxing and training , before heading to the track to face an inquisition . Why had he criticised Hamilton for slowing down seven days ago in China and thus imperilling Mercedes ' one-two finish ? Rosberg answered in a relaxed and courteous manner . ` Only today have there been millions of questions , ' he tells me once the wider interrogation was over . ` Other than that I 've had some distance from it all . I do n't think about it in terms of me getting under his skin or him getting under mine . For both of us it has been annoying to spend so much time on the topic . Hamilton and Rosberg pose together during their unveiling as Mercedes ' new team in February 2013 . ` Lewis and I are going through a difficult period . We can not totally be friends . We go through ups and downs . We are only speaking when we need to but sometimes we have a laugh together . We have so much to do with each other . We karted together . We are here together . I am not an ice man , either . Things can get to me but I do not get angry . I am rational . You wo n't catch me getting very emotional . ' The feud between the two has been running for a year , each upsetting the other in turn , a situation magnified because there has been nobody else with whom to scrap . If Ferrari seriously push their way into the championship contest , that might change somewhat . ` There are so many experiences that I can build on , ' says Rosberg . ` Even now when he has taken quite a few points off me and been on a winning streak , I think back to last year when I had my best run after he had won four in a row . Nico 's father Keke -LRB- left -RRB- was also a famous racing driver and won the 1982 Formula One World Championship . ` I like to push myself . I am not at my peak as a driver , though I am probably close to it . But I have the experience of how to set up the car and deal with the whole world of Formula One . The intra-team stuff , personal relations are helped by last year . It was so valuable . ' Rosberg was born 29 years ago in Wiesbaden , Germany to a German mother , Sina , and his famous Finnish father . He soon moved to Monaco and developed as European polyglot . His solid family background is the bedrock of his life . Hamilton said last year that Rosberg was not as hungry as him because of their different backgrounds , the former being from a council estate in Stevenage and the latter from a plutocrat 's playground . Fair ? ` I had it easy if you think of people who have money struggles in their lives . People reading this may think I had it easy . But I had my personal battles . Even making it to Formula One was not easy ; it was a constant challenge and commitment . My whole life has taken a lot of sacrifice . ` Some people say I am not strong enough to beat Lewis but I have as much belief as ever . I only would n't believe I could beat him if I got to the end of the championship and I had lost . That is not what I want to happen and I am constantly learning to make sure it 's not what happens . ' Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel pipped Rosberg to second in qualifying on Saturday .