The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £ 3.6 million contract over three years with BT . Sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that BT had agreed to pay £ 20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield -- and that the telecommunications giant would follow that up with a deal to have their trademarks on the famous dark blue jersey . Now that has come to fruition and , come the summer , they will take over from ousted backers RBS . The SRU insisted the combination of the initial BT investment coupled with the new cash injection from the strip deal had already started to transform Scottish rugby . The Scotland shirt , worn here by David Denton , will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer . ` I am delighted BT will be the new strip partner of the Scotland teams and although I can not confirm how much the deal is worth as it is commercially sensitive , I can confirm it is the largest ever shirt sponsorship deal we have done , ' said Dominic McKay , the SRU 's Director of Commercial Operations , Communications and Public Affairs . ` BT is now very much under the skin of Scottish rugby and their cash has allowed us to invest in a way we have not been able to ever before . Their brand will now be seen by millions of fans around the world on the iconic dark blue jersey of the Scotland team , which shows their further commitment and desire to help us develop all elements of our game . ' All form of jersey advertising is banned during the forthcoming Rugby World Cup in England later this year but Scotland will have BT branding on their training tops . The SRU say that the Scotland Under-20 side will be the first team to run out with BT on their jerseys when they compete in the World Rugby Under-20 Championship in June and the senior side will first wear the logo on their jerseys during their World Cup warm-up fixture against Italy in August . The Scotland Women 's team will also wear the national jersey with the BT logo on it as will all age-grade sides . McKay said the cash was being spent from pro level down to the grassroots , with clubs all over Scotland set to benefit under the long-term sponsorship deals . A general view of Murrayfield Stadium in Edinburgh ahead of an RBS Six Nations match in February . ` BT 's initial investment was around Glasgow and Edinburgh when they became their principal shirt partners , ' he continued . ` Since then , that investment has gone into Scottish rugby to enhance and develop both those brands and help pay to bring in new players and bring on younger ones . ` You can see the success of Glasgow who are sitting top of the PRO12 table and part of that is a result of their investment . Edinburgh are going for a place in the European Challenge Cup final and that will be live on BT sport on Friday night . There is a demonstration at the partnership in action . ` At club level you have seen clubs participate in the BT Scottish Cup and BT Premiership . They are also dipping in to the funds for clubs we have set up to enhance their premises and pitches that has around £ 400,000 a year available and we are going through the new applications for money just now . ' McKay added that bringing on the next generation of Scottish rugby players was vital , which was why much of the cash would be spent setting up and running regional rugby academies over the duration of the BT deal . One has already been created in Aberdeen with others to follow to cover Edinburgh and Glasgow as well as the Borders . Brendan Dick , Director of BT Scotland , added : ` This will showcase our partnership on a global stage and demonstrates our support of Scottish Rugby . Our partnership with Scottish Rugby touches all levels of rugby within Scotland and it is fantastic to see the investment become a reality for communities and families across Scotland and to start to make a difference . '