A fashion designer 's 30,000 sq ft Los Angeles mansion , which features a two-story-tall chandelier and 22 bathrooms , is now on the market with a whopping $ 85million price tag . Max Azria 's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` Platinum Triangle ' and bordered by Beverly Hills and Bel Air . Visitors to the sprawling home , dubbed Maison du Solei , are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals . There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater , complete with its own popcorn and snack bar . The kitchen also features a walk-in refrigerator . A private glass-enclosed tennis court with its own viewing box is just steps away , as are five distinctly-designed French , Japanese , English , Moroccan and herb gardens , according to a property listing by The Agency . The mansion 's backyard also features a Moroccan style bathhouse with a sauna , steam shower and spa , an outdoor dining room with a two-sided fireplace , a zero-edged swimming pool with a bar and fire pits , and two greenhouses , one of which was converted into a fully-equipped gym . Azria 's personal office is adorned with a domed gold-leaf ceiling and a number of rooms feature one-of-a-kind lighting fixtures , according to the Los Angeles Times . The house was built in 1939 by architect Paul Williams , who built homes for Old Hollywood stars such as Frank Sinatra and Lucille Ball . Previously owned by famous television writer and novelist Sidney Sheldon , Azria bought the mansion for $ 14.4 million in 2005 before pouring in $ 30million more for a massive renovation , according to the Wall Street Journal . Azria , 66 , founded the popular BCBG Max Azria , which has more than 550 international boutiques . He is also chairman of the global fashion house BCBG Max Azria group . Lubov Azria , the designer 's wife and the chief creative officer of BCBG Max Azria , spearheaded the re-design of the couple 's home . Fashion designer Max Azria 's 30,000 sq ft Los Angeles mansion can be yours , as long as you have $ 85million in spare change . The home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` Platinum Triangle ' Visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals . There is also a private 6,000 sq ft movie theater , which features its own popcorn and snack bar . The mansion 's backyard features a zero-edged swimming pool and lounge chairs fit for a lazy day of sunbathing . The pool has its own bar and fire pits and is just steps away from a Moroccan-style bathhouse . Inside the bathhouse you 'll find there 's a personal sauna , steam shower and even a spa . What backyard glass-enclosed tennis court is complete without it 's own private viewing box ? A double-sided fireplace keeps the outdoor dining room perfectly warm for entertaining . The property also features two greenhouses , one of which was converted into a fully-equipped gym . The other greenhouse has maintained it 's traditional use and grows organic produce . Azria 's personal office is adorned with this domed gold-leaf ceiling and a contemporary interior design . A number of the rooms in Maison du Solei feature one-of-a-kind lighting fixtures like this one . There are 17 bedrooms to choose from , including this one , and 60 rooms to explore inside the mansion . The house was built in 1939 by architect Paul Williams , who built homes for Old Hollywood stars such as Frank Sinatra and Lucille Ball . It was previously owned by by famous television writer and novelist Sidney Sheldon before Azria purchased it for $ 14.4 million in 2005 . Azria , 66 , and his wife Lubov then poured $ 30million of their own money for a massive renovation . Their backyard now features five distinctly designed French , Japanese , English , Moroccan and herb gardens . Azria founded the popular BCBG Max Azria brand , which has more than 550 boutiques around the world . He is also chairman of the global fashion house BCBG Max Azria group , which includes more than 20 brands .