President Barack Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening America 's ` national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars . ` Climate change can no longer be denied . It ca n't be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day . ` It ca n't be omitted from the conversation . And action can no longer be delayed . ' ` That 's why I 've committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions . The day trip to South Florida , on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye ` the Science Guy , ' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One , however , 9,000 gallons , round trip . Scroll down for video . President Barack Obama takes a walking tour of the Anhinga Trail at Everglades National Park . Obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get Americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home . Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening America 's ` national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars . ` Climate change can no longer be denied . It ca n't be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day . ` It ca n't be omitted from the conversation . And action can no longer be delayed ' Vehicles in the president 's motorcade are seen in the Everglades National Park where Obama stopped for a visit on the Anhinga trail in Homestead . Asked earlier this week if Obama 's gas-guzzling trip to Florida would undermine his Earth Day message , the White House said it would not and reaffirmed Obama 's efforts to reduce pollutants . On of the helicopters escorting Marine One with President Barack Obama onboard , prepares to land at Miami 's International Airport . I love the smell of jet fuel , Nye told reporters as he waited to board the president 's 747 this morning for the flight to Florida , during which the White House said he would film a video with Obama . Asked earlier this week if Obama 's gas-guzzling trip to Florida would undermine his Earth Day message , the White House said it would not and reaffirmed Obama 's efforts to reduce pollutants . Obama took a half - hour walking tour of the the Anhinga Trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park today before making a plea for Americans to save the Everglades and other natural gems by making environmentally-conscious decisions . ` I ca n't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our nation 's greatest natural treasures , the Everglades , ' he told his audience , calling the swamp , which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp , ` magical . ' ` Climate change is threatening this treasure and the communities that depend on it , ' Obama warned . ` If we do n't act , there may not be an Everglades as we know it . ' The president said the fallout from rising temperatures is ` not a problem for another generation . ' At least , ` not anymore , ' he said . ` This is a problem now . It has serious implications for the way we live right now . ' Obama said the rising sea level in South Florida and inward flow of salt water is evidence that climate change is already having a negative effect on communities . ` This is not some impossible problem that we can not solve . We can solve it if we 've got some political will , ' he said . ` And we can solve it in a way that creates jobs . We can solve it in a way that does n't disrupt our economy but enhances our economy . And it 's a bipartisan issue . ' ` That 's why I 've committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions . An alligator is spotted sunning itself along the Anhinga Trail at Everglades National Park as Obama took a tour . Wiping sweat from his brow as he braved the subtropical temperatures to make his mark on Earth Day , the president mingled with crowd-goers at the mid-day event before returning to Washington on Air Force One . Previewing the day trip , the White House had reiterated Obama 's belief that ` no challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change . ' It 's statement pointed out that last year was the warmest year on record and that 14 of the 15 of earth 's hottest years happened this century . It said , ` Climate change is also affecting some of the most iconic places in our country , from disappearing glaciers in Glacier National Park to dying Joshua Trees in Joshua Tree National Park . ' ` Recognized worldwide as a unique and treasured landscape , the Everglades is a perfect example of the threat we face from climate change , including rising sea levels that result in shoreline erosion and increased flooding . ' Obama said it is this generation 's ` turn to ensure that ' natural monuments remain the ` birthright of all Americans for generations to come . ' Wiping sweat from his brow as he braved the subtropical temperatures to make his mark on Earth Day , the president mingled with crowd-goers at the mid-day event before returning to Washington on Air Force One . The White House also asserted that climate change was already displacing animals and plants , including tropical orchids , some of which are only found in south Florida . ' ` We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the world , ' the president said today . ` It 's an incredible bounty that 's been given to us . But we 've got to be good stewards for it . We have to take care of it . ' Obama said it is this generation 's ` turn to ensure that ' natural monuments remain the ` birthright of all Americans for generations to come . ' ` So many people here are active in your communities , doing what 's needed . The young people who are here , the next generation , they 're way ahead of us in understanding how important this is . ` Let 's make sure we do n't disappoint them . Let 's stand up and do what 's right before it 's too late , ' he concluded . Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye ` the Science Guy ' on the day trip . He also gave Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , who he 's seen here hugging , and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell , second from left , a ride .