A 63-year-old former air hostess has won a £ 14.5 m London mansion from her ` immensely wealthy ' 90-year-old Saudi Arabian ex-husband following a legal battle based on a Victorian law . The property , in north west London , which has ` superb views ' over a London park , was one of five properties which the successful property developer bought during the couple 's 14-year marriage . The couple 's main marital home had been a £ 26m ` palatial residence ' in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , for which 40 members of staff were employed to keep it ticking over . A 63-year-old former air hostess has won a £ 14.5 m London mansion from her ` immensely wealthy ' 90-year-old Saudi Arabian ex-husband following a legal battle at the High Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . But , after their divorce , the woman - who did not have any financial input into the properties - moved into the townhouse , claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes . Despite her husband 's attempts to evict her from the home , and force the sale of the heavily-mortgaged property , the wife has now been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement . The ` opulent ' maisonette - which was originally three flats converted into one large home - was at one point worth £ 22m , but is now worth a ` disappointing ' £ 14.5 m , the court heard . The husband , who is said to be worth £ 600m and blows up to £ 10m per year , was also made to give his wife their ` holiday ' property in Cannes , which is worth 17m Euros . The judgment , made at the high court , was based on the woman 's claim to a right to marital property under the 1882 Married Women 's Property Act . The judge ruled that she should be awarded around £ 10m on a ` needs light ' basis . That was based on £ 3.5 m for London housing , £ 2.25 million for a replacement holiday home and a further £ 500,000 to cover the outgoings on both properties . The court heard that both homes had significant mortgages , meaning they would have respective equities of £ 3.5 m and £ 5.2 m if they are sold . But the judge refused to grant the woman the £ 205,014 she was seeking annually to spend on jewellery , handbags and cars . The woman had claimed she needed £ 566,045 per year for her £ 75,000 wardrobe , as well as £ 25,000 to spend on jewellery . She also needed £ 25,000 for shoes and another £ 25,000 for handbags and accessories , she claimed . The couple married in the Central London Mosque -LRB- pictured -RRB- in 1979 when the man , a property developer , was in his mid-50s and the woman was in her late 20s . They divorced twice , once in 2002 and once in 2013 . The judge recognised that the woman 's standard of living had been ` lavish and exceptional ' during the marriage but said that it was ` not reasonable ' to expect that to continue . He added : ` If the wife exceeds this figure , she will have only herself to blame . ' The judge also pointed out that , had it been an entirely English case , the woman would have been entitled to £ 44million - the figure she originally sought - out of total £ 287.5 million in assets . He said that even though she was ` clearly not a lady of business ' , she was the homemaker and mother , which made her contribution to the marriage equal to her husband . ` The authorities make it clear that she is not to be discriminated against for the way in which the parties organised their respective roles , ' he said . The woman , from Lebanon , took the legal action against the businessman at the High Court in London . Had the same case been heard in Saudi Arabia , the woman would have been entitled to all but nothing . The couple married at the Central London Mosque in 1979 when the man was in his mid 50s and the woman was in her late 20s . They divorced in 1999 , before remarrying in 2002 . They then separated again in 2013 , before divorcing in Saudi Arabia . The court heard that the main marital home had been in Saudi Arabia , where her rights would have been very different . But she was allowed to bring the case in London because the family had spent most summers during their marriage in the capital to escape the ` intolerable ' Saudi Arabian heat , making it one of their matrimonial homes . Their children had also gone to nursery here during the holidays and the woman had lived here for at least one year when the case was brought . The court heard the husband owned properties in Paris , which sold for 15million Euros in 2013 , and Beirut , which sold for $ 15.5 m. His wife had kept the profit from the Paris flat , he said . Details of the case emerged in a ruling by Mr Justice Moor following a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court in November . The row broke out when the pair were reunited in 2002 , with the wife alleging that her husband had promised to transfer her some of his properties . The court heard that the husband , said to be a member of several London clubs , had indeed transferred different properties to other members of his family , including his wife . But the judge rejected the claim that he would have promised to transfer his wife any properties for any other reason than tax , insisting he was still the ` beneficial owner ' of the property . He said : ` It is inherently improbable . He is a Saudi businessman with great stature . I can not conceive that he would willingly part with all his residential property . Why should he ? He had no intention of losing control of his various residential properties . ' The judge also found that the wife had 'em bellished and altered her recollection to suit her case ' . The Married Women 's Property Act 1882 was an act that significantly altered English law regarding the property rights of married women . Among the laws it introduced , it allowed married women to own and control property in their own right . It came following an 1836 Caroline Norton court case which highlighted the injustice of English property laws , and generated enough support that eventually resulted in the Married Women 's Property Act . Many of the elements have since been superseded by subsequent family law statutes .