Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha 's mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon . The electrifying winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over in January and has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season . Bolasie has the opportunity to shine against Manchester City on Monday night and his manager - who was firm in the stance that it would take astronomical money to tempt Palace into selling - wants the 25-year-old to continue honing his skills at Selhurst Park . Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha 's mistakes and not jump ship . Electrifying winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over the club in January . ` If he is going to go , he 's going to have to for a lot of money , ' Pardew said . ` I think Yannick knows he needs to develop more to go to a top club . I actually think top clubs probably appreciate that . ' Zaha made the £ 10million switch to Manchester United two seasons ago but managed just two Premier League starts under David Moyes and sealed a permanent move back home this February after impressing on loan . Many point towards Zaha 's troubling spell in the north-west as serving only to curb his development , and Pardew believes last week 's announcement of post-tax profits of £ 17m means Bolasie will stay in south London when clubs inevitably come knocking this summer . He has two years to run on his contract . Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years with the club . Louis Van Gaal told Zaha he was n't part of his plans after Capital One Cup snub . ` He is a player who can change games and it brings unbelievable value to him . It 'll have to be a very , very big fee trust me , ' Pardew added . ` The club is on a great financial footing . We are trying not just to improve the team but the facilities . It is not just the stadium but here at the training ground and grow the club as quickly as we can . ` We have got a good base of players here and three or four additions to the group in the summer , we could be strong candidates for the top ten . ' Pardew admits it would have to take a very , very big fee to lure Bolasie away from Selhurst Park .