A new anti-smoking advert warning people that they could get colon cancer and be forced to use an ostomy bag for the rest of their lives has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who uses one as a consequence of her fight with inflammatory bowel disease . Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad , commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , to be banned . Scroll down for video . Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . The advert features Julia , 58 , of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old which requires her to use an ostomy bag . The 30 second ad features her warning smokers that she has to use an ostomy bag taped to a hole in her abdomen as a consequence of smoking . ` I 'm Julia , I smoked and I got colon cancer . I had chemo and two surgeries . But what I hated the most , was the colostomy bag . That 's where they re-route your intestines so you have bowel movements that go into a bag , ' she says . ` Through a hole in your stomach . My tip is : get over being squeamish . You 're going to be emptying your bag 6 times a day . ' The video ends with Julia holding up an ostomy bag , with a voiceover telling people where they can seek help to quit smoking . Gladwell , who is English , writes on her MoreThanYourBag.com blog that the ad ` came as a complete shock ' and left her feeling angry and disgusted . Gladwell has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad , commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , to be banned . ` Watching this video bought out so much anger that I did n't know was there . I am absolutely , utterly disgusted that they feel they can advertise a quit smoking campaign with something that has saved so many lives , ' she wrote . The blogger says she does n't understand why the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention decided to use a condition that can be caused by a variety of diseases -- not just colon cancer -- to put people off smoking . The ad is unfair to many people who need to use an ostomy , she argues , because it suggests that it is caused by something they 've done to ourselves . Gladwell writes that Julia should remember that her colostomy bag is the reason that she 's still alive . ` How the hell does this company have the audacity to make people feel so insecure ? And how the hell do they have the nerve to use my condition as an example of why you should not smoke ? The video ends with Julia holding up an ostomy bag , with a voiceover telling people where they can seek help to quit smoking . ` My ileostomy bag saved my life . It does not make me feel squeamish . If anything , I am just damn grateful to be alive . ` How are we meant to move on and embrace our bodies when such a large company are drilling it into the minds of society that Ostomy 's are nothing but a consequence ? ' She has called for the advert to be banned .