Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems . In a report issued to the Herald Sun , Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed , ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry and one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road . Speaking to the publication , a former Melbourne truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs regularly , and meeting areas were often set up between drivers over radios using codes , where drugs were then handed out . Scroll down for video . A new report has shown that truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems . ` Yes , some people take speed and ice but there is always going to be rampant drug use if truckers are required to work these long hours , ' the truck driver said . ` Do you think these people are dancing and raving in their trucks ? No , it 's not for fun they are using , it as a tool to do their jobs . ' 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria 's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice . Detective Inspector Bernie Rankin , head of Victoria Police 's transport investigations unit , said these flippant drivers were treating other motorists like roadkill and are risking everyone 's lives . 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria 's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice . ` There are various ways these distribution networks are working . Often it 's from a geographical location , they might know a driver who is involved in the industry , a pick-up point or there might be a loading area where there will be someone with illicit substances , ' Inspector Rankin said . The news comes after a worrying video has appeared online in February exposing a truck driver snorting drugs from behind the wheel of a heavy vehicle before taking to the road . The shocking footage shows that many drivers are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day . One truck driver filmed himself lighting up a pipe filled with Ice -LRB- methamphetamine -RRB- and taking to the Hume Highway in an A Current Affair report . A worrying video appeared online in February exposing a truck driver -LRB- above -RRB- snorting drugs from behind the wheel of a heavy vehicle before taking to the road . The driver was embarking on a 12 hour shift on the Hume Highway , which is an 807 km road between Melbourne and Sydney . ` And yep ... Fatigue about to be managed . Get it into ya , ' the driver says in the clip , where he documented how and when he took the substances , telling viewers that he snorted the drug off his log book and also used a pipe . The horrifying part is that the trucker is behind a 40-tonne truck and is just about to embark on his 12 hour shift on the Hume Highway , which is an 807 km road between Melbourne and Sydney . When cornered by Martin King from A Current Affair , the driver denied his involvement in the video and refused to comment . However , Simon Green , a former employee of the same company where the ` lunatic truckie ' works said drugs are rampant in the trucking industry . Mr Green , who used to take part in recreational drug taking while he was a truck driver , now admits that it was dangerous and stupid but claims it is easy to get around the police and it is cheaper than you would think . The shocking footage comes after it has emerged that one in 12 truckies are high on illicit substances when they are pulled over by Victorian police and many are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day . One truck driver -LRB- pictured -RRB- has filmed himself lighting up a pipe filled with Ice -LRB- methamphetamine -RRB- and taking to the highway in a new A Current Affair report . When NSW police busted Mr Green for driving while under the influence of drugs , he lost his licence for a year and is now clean . He said the general public would be stunned if they knew the extent to which illicit substances are used by truckies out on the road in their rigs . ` I 'd say at least 10 per cent of the drivers out there are doing it right now , ' Mr Green said . However , speaking to the program , Inspector Bernie Rankin said he had underestimated the figure , claiming one in 12 heavy vehicle drivers test positive for drugs when they are pulled over . The horrifying part is that the trucker is behind a 40-tonne truck and is just about to embark on his 12 hour shift on the road . one in 12 heavy vehicle drivers test positive for drugs like Ice -LRB- pictured -RRB- when they are pulled over . Mr Green said he knew his limits when it came to taking the drug , but Inspector Rankin claims that is ` absolute nonsense ' . ` A multitude of medical studies done throughout the world all reach the conclusion that ingesting these type of substances impacts critically on your ability to drive , observe what 's going on around you and the ability to even control the vehicle you 're in , ' he said . According to the law , heavy vehicle drivers are supposed to only drive for a maximum of 12 hours a day . The diver acted innocent and denied his involvement in the video when he was confronted by A Current Affair . The shocking video shows a man inhaling a drug through a pipe while telling viewers that he is heading north on the Hume Highway . However , drivers have now worked out that they can manipulate their log books through a loophole and they can actually work a 16.25 hour day in 24 hours . Speaking to the Herald Sun , Inspector Rankin said they are concerned that illicit drug taking is contributing to the amount of truck crashes on the road each year . ` This manipulation of their work diary gives regulated heavy vehicle drivers the opportunity to drive in excess of their prescribed hours four times in a seven-day period and be non-prosecutable , ' he said . Inspector Bernie Rankin from The Victoria Police Transport and Investigation section -LRB- pictured right -RRB- claimed one in 12 heavy vehicle drivers test positive for drugs when they are pulled over .