An Israeli geologist claims he has ` confirmed ' the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem . After extensive chemical tests , Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary -- a 1st-century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of Jesus ' brother -- to the long disputed ` Jesus Family tomb ' in the city 's East Talpiot neighbourhood . The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married , fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place . Scroll down for video . After running 150 chemical tests , an expert claims to have linked the James Ossuary -LRB- pictured -RRB- -- a 1st-century chalk box that was used for containing the bones of the dead -- to the long disputed ` Jesus Family tomb ' in the city 's East Talpiot neighbourhood . According to geoarcheologist Dr Shimron , the ` son of God ' was buried with nine other people , including ` Judah , son of Jesus ' and his wife , named Mary . Dr Shimron 's work has renewed controversy over the Talpiot tomb , which was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the Second Temple period and the time of Jesus , The Jerusalem Post reported . Bones were discovered inside ossuaries , including one that bore the inscription , ` Jesus , son of Joseph ' . Others included the names Maria , Joseph , Mary , Yose , Matthew and most controversially , ` Judah , son of Jesus ' . Joseph , Mary and Jesus were all common names at the time and a statistician from the University of Toronto said that they each made up eight per cent of the population . However , a very small percentage would have had the same family name combination as described in the Bible . Dr Shimron 's work has renewed the controversy over the Talpiot tomb , which was found in 1980 and dates back to the Second Temple period and the time of Jesus -LRB- a portrait is pictured -RRB- . The long-disputed long disputed ` Jesus Family tomb ' in the city 's East Talpiot neighbourhood -LRB- marked -RRB- and is now sealed beneath a concrete slab after building work took place some years ago . Probing this connection , Dr Shimron and documentary maker Simcha Jacobovici looked closer at the ossuaries , including the James Ossuary , which is held by a private owner and bears the inscription , ` James , son of Joseph , brother of Jesus ' . The James Ossuary is a first century chalk example of a box that was used to hold the bones of the dead . But it stands out because it bears the inscription ` James , son of Joseph , brother of Jesus ' on one side . The inscription is considered significant because it may provide archaeological evidence of Jesus , . The existence of the ossuary was announced in 2002 , but its authenticity was immediately challenged . The box 's owner was charged with forging part of the inscription and while he was found innocent seven years later , the judge said the acquittal ` does not mean that the inscription on the ossuary is authentic or that it was written 2,000 years ago ' . Now , Dr Shimron claims the chemical signature on the ` crust ' of the box matches that of a tomb in Jerusalem known as the ` Jesus Family tomb ' where other ossuaries were found bearing the names of Jesus and Mary as well as ` Judah , son of Jesus ' . The owner of the ossuary , Oded Golan , was accused of forging the inscription shortly after its discovery by an academic from the Sorbonne in Paris , but he was later found innocent . Other experts and archaeologists have rejected the claim that the Jerusalem tomb is connected with Jesus at all . Recently Dr Shimron gained access to the James Ossuary and scraped beneath the box 's patina , the layer that forms on metal over time . He ran around 150 tests on the chemistry of samples from 25 different ossuaries -- 15 of which were from unrelated tombs -- and found that traces of magnesium , iron and silicon from the James Ossuary matched the chemical signature of Talpiot tomb . The Talpiot ossuaries were covered in a thick layer of ` Rendzina ' soil , which is characteristic of the hills of East Jerusalem when they were found and has a unique chemistry . Dr Shimron worked from the assumption that an earthquake of 363AD flooded the tomb with soil and mud to cover the ossuaries , effectively forming a vacuum and freezing them in time . Soil that seeped into the box matched that found in the Talpiot ossuaries , indicating that it had lain for years alongside others in the ` holy ' location . Bones were discovered there in ossuaries , or chalk boxes , including one that bears the inscription , ` Jesus , son of Joseph ' with others bearing the names of Maria , Joseph , Mary , Yose , Matthew and most controversially , ` Judah , son of Jesus ' . Here an inscription that says ` Yoseph ' on an ossuary . Because bones were found in the ossuaries , it could be argued that there was no bodily resurrection -LRB- portrayed in this tapestry -RRB- which is the belief of more traditional Christians , while others accept the event was spiritual . Jesus Christ was not a real person and is probably the result of a combination of stories about several different individuals , according to a writer and leading atheist activist . David Fitzgerald , a San Francisco based author , believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist . He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived , yet other Jewish sect leaders from the time do appear . Jesus Christ was not a real person and is probably the result of a combination of stories about several different individuals , according to a writer and leading atheist activist . A mosaic of Christ is shown . He also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark , Matthew and Luke , claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of Jesus . Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence . Speaking to MailOnline , he said : ` There is a paradox that Jesus did all these amazing things and taught all these amazing things yet no one heard of him outside his immediate cult for nearly 100 years . ` Or it means he did n't do all these things at all . ` The first gospel of Christianity appears to have been a literary allegory that were written decades after the time they portray . ` I believe that Christianity started as one of the many mystery faiths that appeared at the time where old Gods and old traditions were rebooted . ` Christianity appears to have been a Jewish mystery faith . David Fitzgerald told MailOnline : ` There is a paradox that Jesus did all these amazing things and taught all these amazing things yet no one heard of him outside his immediate cult for nearly 100 years ' . The famous statue of Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , is shown . ` By the time of Paul there appears to have been plenty of different `` Lord 's suppers '' as he complains about the existence of other gospels and messiahs . ` It appears that early Christianity managed to take the stories from these other faiths and incorporate them into the story of Jesus . ' Mr Fitzgerald said : ` There is nothing implausible to think that Jesus was a real person , but I just do n't think that he can have been a single person if he existed at all . ` We also have no mention of Jesus in other historical texts from the time . There were certainly people writing about Judea at the time like Philo of Alexandria . ` During this period there were many other messiahs and wannabe messiahs who did far less exciting things than Jesus , but all of them managed something Jesus did not - to make a dent on the historical record . ` Two billion people believe all these miracles happened yet there is no evidence they did . ' Jacobovici told The Jerusalem Post : ` This find illustrates that the James Ossuary is authentic and the Jesus Family tomb indeed belongs to the family of Jesus of Nazareth . ' Dr Shumron told The New York Times : ` I think I 've got really powerful , virtually unequivocal evidence that the James ossuary spent most of its lifetime , or death time , in the Talpiot Tomb . ' The retired senior researchers of the Geological Survey of Israel , added : ` The evidence is beyond what I expected . ' The duo are aware that the findings could rock the Christian church , but insist the research is scientific and not theological . Because bones were found in the ossuaries , it could be argued that there was no bodily resurrection , which is the belief of more traditional Christians , while others accept the event was spiritual . The Talpiot tomb is now sealed under a concrete slab , while the ossuaries found there are in the hands of the Israel Antiquities Authority . The James Ossuary is kept in a secret location by its owner , who lives in Tel Aviv .