A previously unknown seasonal change on the sun is occurring every two years , according to a new study . Researchers have found that twisted bands of magnetic fuel reach the surface of the sun every two years - in addition to its existing 11-year cycle . And when the seasons combine , the activity of the sun can be amplified , producing mega storms that are even more dangerous to Earth than others . Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . Every two years it appears ` bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface . This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle , causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections -LRB- CMEs -RRB- , pictured , and solar flares that can endanger Earth . The study was carried out by a team of researchers led by the National Centre for Atmospheric Research -LRB- NCAR -RRB- in Colorado . They found that the changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun 's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior . It was already known that the sun goes through a solar cycle of 11 years , during which its activity increases and decreases . Solar flares and coronal mass ejections -LRB- CMEs -RRB- can damage satellites and have an enormous financial cost . The charged particles can also threaten airlines by disturbing the Earth 's magnetic field . Very large flares can even create currents within electricity grids and knock out energy supplies . A positive aspect , from an aesthetic point of view , is that the auroras are enhanced . Geomagnetic storms are more disruptive now than in the past because of our greater dependence on technical systems that can be affected by electric currents . But this shorter two-year season seems to also play a part in the sun 's activity , on a similar scale to the 11-year cycle - despite being much quicker . The new solar season occurs when twisted , ring-shaped ` bands ' of magnetic field rise from the solar interior and pass to the surface through the tachocline - a ` transition ' region in the outer third of the sun . ` Much like Earth 's jet stream , whose warps and waves have had severe impact on our regional weather patterns in the past couple of winters , the bands on the sun have very slow-moving waves that can expand and warp it too , ' said co-author Dr Robert Leamon , a scientist at Montana State University . ` Sometimes this results in magnetic fields leaking from one band to the other . ` In other cases , the warp drags magnetic fields from deep in the solar interior , near the tachocline , and pushes them toward the surface . ' The result of this motion is that the bands create turbulent regions of activity on the surface , causing solar flares and coronal mass ejections -LRB- CMEs -RRB- . CMEs are the huge waves of material that are seen in images of the sun , and they can pose a threat to satellites in Earth orbit . Solar flares are flashes of energy on the surface of the sun , which are sometimes associated with CMEs - although their connection is not well understood . The new solar season discovery occurs when twisted , ring-shaped ` bands ' of magnetic field rise from the solar interior and pass to the surface through the tachocline - a ` transition ' region in the outer third of the sun . Shown in this illustration are the various different regions of the sun and a sunspot -LRB- top right -RRB- . The bands , which appear in each hemisphere of the sun , cause the 11-year solar cycle to actually become a longer cycle that lasts 22 years . The 11-year solar cycle sees a periodic change in the sun 's activity - such as the number of ejections - in addition to changes in the number of sunspots , flares and other visible differences . A solar flare occurs when magnetic energy that has built up in the solar atmosphere is suddenly released . Radiation is emitted across virtually the entire electromagnetic spectrum , from radio waves at the long wavelength end , through optical emission to X-rays and gamma rays at the short wavelength end . The amount of energy released is the equivalent of millions of 100-megaton hydrogen bombs exploding at the same time . A flare occurs when magnetic energy that has built up in the solar atmosphere is suddenly released - mostly in the active regions around sunspots . Their frequency varies from several a day , when the sun is particularly active , to less than one a week during quiet periods . However , the cause of the 11-year cycle is poorly understood . And according to this new research , when the 11-year cycle combines with the two-year cycle , the solar storms that pummel Earth 's atmosphere can be amplified . The bands appear to take place separately in the northern and southern hemispheres , with activity peaking over 11 months , then dropping over another 11 months . The almost annual variations can be likened to regions on Earth that have two seasons , such as a rainy season and a dry season . ` What we 're looking at here is a massive driver of solar storms , ' said Dr Scott McIntosh , lead author of the new study and director of NCAR 's High Altitude Observatory . ` By better understanding how these activity bands form in the sun and cause seasonal instabilities , there 's the potential to greatly improve forecasts of space weather events . ' The overlapping bands are fueled by the rotation of the sun 's deep interior , according to observations by the research team . The study , published this week in Nature Communications , could help lead to better predictions of massive geomagnetic storms in Earth 's outer atmosphere that sometimes disrupt satellite operations , communications , power grids and other technologies . The research was funded by Nasa and the National Science Foundation , which is NCAR 's sponsor . The 11-year solar cycle sees a periodic change in the sun 's activity - such as the number of ejections - in addition to changes in the number of sunspots , flares and other visible differences . Shown here are images of the sun over one cycle showing changes in its activity . The surges of magnetic fuel from the Sun 's interior catastrophically destabilise the corona , the sun 's outermost atmosphere . They are the driving force behind the most destructive solar storms . ` These surges or `` whomps '' as we have dubbed them , are responsible for over 95 per cent of the large flares and CMEs - the ones that are really devastating , ' Dr McIntosh said . The almost-annual variability can also help explain a cold-war era puzzle : why do powerful solar flares and CMEs often peak a year or more after the maximum number of sunspots ? This lag is known as the Gnevyshev Gap , after the Soviet scientist who first reported it in the 1940s . The answer appears to be that seasonal changes may cause an upswing in solar disturbances long after the peak in the solar cycle . Researchers can turn to advanced computer simulations and more detailed observations to learn more about the profound influence of the bands on solar activity . Dr McIntosh said this could be assisted by a proposed network of satellites observing the sun , much as the global networks of satellites around Earth have helped advance terrestrial weather models since the 1960s . ` If you understand what the patterns of solar activity are telling you , you 'll know whether we 're in the stormy phase or the quiet phase in each hemisphere , ' Dr McIntosh said . ` If we can combine these pieces of information , forecast skill goes through the roof . '