Anyone who has seen The Lion King will surely agree that it contains one of the most tear-jerking scenes in all of Disney history . And for one little girl , whose crestfallen reaction as she witnessed it for the first time was captured on camera by her father , it proved almost too much to bear . Shot by adoring dad , called Barles Charkley on the site , who is based in Baltimore , Maryland , the video stars his toddler daughter Viktoria , as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of Simba the lion 's father , Mufasa . Tear-jerker : Viktoria 's crestfallen reaction -LRB- pictured -RRB- as she witnessed a sad scene from Disney 's The Lion King for the first time was captured on camera by her father Barles Charkley . Mr Charkley posted the brief video , which has so far garnered more than four million views , to his Facebook page on Saturday . It 's captioned : ` Viktoria watching Lion King for the first time , and Scar just killed Mufasa ! ' He then urges viewers to ` check out ' her reaction . The little girl is seated hunched up on the sofa gazing at the screen , and as the mournful music rolls in - a score composed by Hollywood heavyweight Hans Zimmer - her bottom lip trembles . The tot then appears to brush away a tear as the emotional scene progresses , before gathering her blanket up around her shoulders in speechless despair . ` Are you sad ? Mufasa died ? ' Mr Charkley can be heard inquiring . The fragile toddler shakes her head repeatedly as her eyes fill with tears . ` You want a hug ? ' he persists , to which his Viktoria nods her head and makes her way dejectedly over to where he is sitting as the footage ends . Waterworks : Viktoria is seated hunched up on the sofa gazing at the screen , and as the mournful music rolls in - a score composed by Hollywood heavyweight Hans Zimmer - her bottom lip trembles . The Lion King was released in 1994 to rave reviews , and won two Oscars . It later became the highest-grossing hand-drawn animated film in history . The scene in question , which sees Mufasa murdered by his evil brother Scar leaving Simba fatherless , is generally considered to be one of Disney 's most haunting spectacles . Other top contenders include the scene in 1942 hit Bambi where the deer loses his parents , and one in 1941 's Dumbo , where the baby elephant visits his mother in jail . Chills : The scene in question -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which sees Mufasa murdered by his evil brother Scar leaving Simba fatherless , is generally considered to be one of Disney 's most haunting spectacles .