Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended four matches on Thursday by the French league 's disciplinary commission following his criticism of a referee last month . Following PSG 's 3-2 loss at Bordeaux in the league on March 15 , the Swede striker lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side . Ibrahimovic , whose comments were caught on camera , insulted referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants , then used an expletive to describe France . Paris Saint-Germain ace Zlatan Ibrahimovic will miss his side 's matches against Nice , Lille , Metz and Nantes . Ibrahimovic has been banned for lambasting Lionel Jaffredo during his side 's defeat against Bordeaux . Ibrahimovic , who later said he was sorry after the French sports minister asked him to apologise , is available for Saturday 's League Cup final against Bastia as his suspension only starts next week . He will miss league games against Nice , Lille , Metz and Nantes and should return for the last three matches of the season . Although PSG sporting director Olivier Letang argued that Ibrahimovic should not be suspended because he did not address his comments directly to the referee , the disciplinary commission activated a suspended one-match ban imposed in January to add to the three games he received for the latest incident . Ibrahimovic , who took his tally with PSG to 102 goals in less than three years following his hat-trick in a 4-1 win over Saint-Etienne in the French Cup midweek , will also miss the first leg of his club 's Champions League quarter-finals against Barcelona after he was sent off against Chelsea in the previous round and therefore suspended for one match . Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals for PSG since joining the Ligue 1 outfit in July 2012 . Ibrahimovic 's comments in Bordeaux caused an outcry in France , with National Front leader Marine Le Pen suggesting that he should leave the country if he was not happy . The Swede 's suspension is a tough blow to PSG 's ambitions as Laurent Blanc 's team chases an unprecedented quadruple with a squad already missing several key players through injuries . Ibrahimovic has been in tremendous form recently , completing two hat-tricks in three games and scoring 10 goals in his last six matches for club and country . The 33-year-old Ibrahimovic has never been shy of controversy during his much-travelled career . He described the Chelsea players as a bunch of ` babies ' after he was sent off for a late challenge on Oscar in the first half of PSG 's match at Stamford Bridge last month .