Hillary Clinton lost the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination because Barack Obama was the picture of cool . This time she 's not taking any chances . The former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn , New York -- the epicenter of hipster culture . Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan 's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live . And the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all . Scroll down for video . VERY HIP : Hillary 's HQ will be in the cooler-than-thou enclave of Brooklyn , New York . COOL : Open floor plans and hardwood floors are part of the hipster appeal of the Clinton campaign 's new digs . It 's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line , but putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding 1 Pierrepont Plaza has started a countdown clock . The Federal Election Commission 's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that 's considered campaign activity . So far among serious contenders , only Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz has officially entered the 2016 presidential race . Politico reported on the lease-signing , saying that Clinton chief of staff Huma Abedin has been spotted walking around the neighborhood and touring the building . Abedin might have dropped in on the neighbors who will share the 19-story mini-skyscraper , including the mega investtment bank Morgan Stanley and the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York . That 's the office currently occupied by Loretta Lynch , who 's awaiting Senate confirmation for the job of U.S. Attorney General . 1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and Morgan STanley 1-percenters -- when they 're not browsing Urban Outfitters or eating at Shake Shack . Scoping the neighborhood : Clinton and New York City first lady Chirlane McCray -LRB- right -RRB- checked out a Brooklyn preschool on Wednesday . But the vibe is decidedly bourgeoisie , with 1 Pierrepont 's building management showing off the ambiance with a map showing potential renters where to find the nearest Chipotle , Starbucks , Shake Shack and Urban Outfitters . There are also a Banana Republic , a private squash club , and at least three art galleries nearby . A Republican Party official in Iowa who asked Daily Mail Online to withhold his identity said on Friday that Clinton 's choice of digs ` wo n't matter much in flyover country where most of the votes are . ' ` We 're more likely to be impressed if you 're close to a Wal-Mart , ' he joked . ` The tallest building in -LSB- my town -RSB- is three stories . ' A GOP Senate staffer laughed out loud at what he said would be ` Hillary 's hipster hell . ' ` I guess we can expect all the Clinton campaign t-shirts to have ironic slogans , right ? ' he said . ` I ca n't wait to drink Pabst Blue Ribbon at the launch party . '