The Irish challenge for next week 's £ 1million Crabbie 's Grand National looks like being eight strong after trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light a definite runner . The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch . Rubi Light had the option of running Friday 's shorter Topham Chase but Hennessy said : ` He is going to run . There is only one National . One of his runs over three miles was when he was second in the Lexus Chase to Synchronised and he went on to win the Gold Cup that season . Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner in the Grand National . ` Rubi Light is not as fast as he used to be but his jumping has been fantastic this year and he is in great form . ' The Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty 's Lord Windermere -LRB- Robbie McNamara -RRB- and Spring Heeled -LRB- Nick Scholfield -RRB- , Willie Mullins-trained Ballycasey -LRB- Ruby Walsh -RRB- , Mouse Morris 's First Lieutenant -LRB- Nina Carberry -RRB- and Gordon Elliott 's Cause Of Causes -LRB- Paul Carberry -RRB- . On Saturday Maurice Phelan confirmed Portrait King -LRB- Davy Condon -RRB- an intended starter while Peter Fahey said Owega Star -LRB- Robert Power -RRB- also runs . Ruby Walsh riding Mon Parrain clear the last to win Handicap Steeple Chase at Sandown . Meanwhile , Richie McLernon has been confirmed for the mount on Emma Lavelle 's Court By Surprise while condition jockey Sean Bowen has a chance to pick up the one steeplechase win he still requires to be qualified to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Mon Parrain at Aintree when he rides Virak in the 888sport.com Handicap Chase at Haydock on Sunday afternoon . But Nicholls denied he had deliberately identified the opportunity to put Bowen up . The trainer said : ` I am not thinking about the Grand National , just that Virak has top weight and I am taking five pounds off . The 2014 Gold Cup winning Lord Windermere has been confirmed as a runner for the Aintree Grand National . The Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty 's Spring Heeled who will be ridden by Nick Scholfield . ` He is not over big and we thought it was ideal to claim off him . ` I also have something that Sean could ride on Monday and we will try to get him the winner he needs but if it does n't happen , it does n't happen . ' Joseph O'Brien , who is battling to reduce his weight so he can continue to ride regularly on the Flat , has his first rides on the level at Cork on Sunday afternoon . He rides East India -LRB- 9st 6 lb -RRB- and Hans Holbein -LRB- 9st 5 lb -RRB- for his father Aidan . Joseph O'Brien -LRB- left -RRB- is set to ride for his father at Cork on Sunday afternoon despite struggling with weight .