A mom 's decision to take her 11-year-old daughter to a Pink concert has a judge saying , ` So what ? ' The New Jersey judge says the concert trip is n't evidence of bad parenting , despite protestations by the father . NJ.com reports the girl 's parents are divorced , and her father accused his ex-wife of ` abusing her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark , as part of the singer 's national Truth About Love tour . The mother admitted to being a ` little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but that the girl was ` dying to go ' , so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate . The parents have joint custody , and the father said he disagreed with the ` sexually suggestive ' nature of some of Pink 's performances and did not want his daughter seeing it . Scroll down for video . Sexually suggestive ? : A New Jersey father has claimed as part of a custody battle that his ex-wife ` abused her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to Pink 's December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark -LRB- pictured -RRB- . A judge ruled that while the singer 's works can be suggestive , they are preteen-appropriate . But state Superior Court Judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock ` n ' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of judges as referees for warring divorced parents . Jones said Pink may have some suggestive moves and lyrics , but she 's an artist whose works are n't necessarily inappropriate for preteens . Jones noted in his decision that he spoke privately with the girl , who is now 12 , and took into consideration the mother 's reasoning for allowing her daughter to attend the show . He found that the mother ` in no way , shape or form exceeded the boundaries of reasonable parental judgment ' in taking the girl to the show during her own parenting time . He also found that she did n't subject the child to any unreasonable risk of harm , or compromise the girl 's health , safety or welfare . Acrobatics : P!nk peforms at the Prudential Center on December 11 , 2013 in Newark , New Jersey . ` To the contrary , when all the smoke from the custody litigation clears , it will be self-evident that all which happened here is that a young girl went to her first rock concert with her mother and had a really great time , ' the judge wrote in his decision . The judge also quoted the lyrics from Pink 's songs ` The Great Escape ' and ` Perfect ' as examples of messages for adolescents . Interestingly , Perfect , was originally called F ----- g Perfect , before being cleaned of its expletives and released to radio .