A man accused of chopping up his friend 's body and dumping his severed head in an apartment block 's recycling bin had previously started a bloody fight at his gym , it has emerged . Carlos Colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge , Massachusetts on Monday . The remains of Jonathan Camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning before his head was found in Colina 's apartment building across the street , according to the police report . Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out . Accused : Carlos Colina is pictured at his arraignment in Cambridge , Massachusetts on Monday after human body parts were discovered in a duffel bag and a head was found in his building 's recycling bin . Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November 24 . A witness told the Herald how Colina started punching a much smaller man all over his body as the man unsuccessfully tried to fight back . He suffered bloody cuts to his head , the witness said . ` The trainers broke the fight up , ' he said . ` Carlos gets up and starts walking away , yelling , `` I 'm a beast ! I 'm a beast ! ' like he was proud of himself . ' The victim suffered broken ribs in the attack , WHDH reported . Colina has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him from the fight . The witness said that before the November incident , Colina stood and glared at other gym users if they were using gym equipment he wanted . ` Intimidating ' : Colina , pictured in photos he posted to Facebook , also has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him after he allegedly attacked a fellow gym user last November . ` Threats ' : A witness said Colina had also intimidated other gym users when he wanted to use equipment . Colina is believed to have known his alleged victim ; he is friends with his younger brother , Christopher Camilien , on Facebook . The two brothers lived together in Somerville . Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said Camilien 's death is considered a homicide , even though Colina has not been charged with murder . She said analysis of evidence and more information from the medical examiner are needed to determine if additional charges are warranted . ` We are not seeking anyone else in connection with the discovery of these human remains , ' she said . No motive has been released . Colina and Camilien were last seen returning to the building just after 11 pm on Friday , according to the investigation , and a neighbor reported hearing an argument coming from the apartment . Colina was seen in surveillance video from nearby Biogen offices exiting the apartment building at about 4.15 am on Saturday carrying a duffel bag , authorities said . Scene : A vacuum could be heard inside his building , pictured , after police discovered the victim 's head . Probe : Police stand by where the remains of Jonathan Camilien were discovered in Cambridge on Saturday . He returned to the apartment building empty handed . A saw , rope and cleaning supplies were found in Colina 's apartment , which is located one block from the Cambridge Police Department . He also had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head , according to theBoston Globe . Defense attorney John Cunha Jr. called it a sensational case . ` Obviously the circumstances of the case are sensational enough , ' he said . ` I 'm not going to exacerbate it . ' A pretrial hearing has been scheduled for April 14 .