A controversial video of a woman applying make-up to a monkey has sparked debate online between those who think it is cruel and those cute . Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel . The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick . Discussing the clip , Teresa Bullock told Jukin Video : ` Angel is an 18-year-old Java Macaque monkey with health issues so she is a little more human than most because she has to have diabetic shots twice daily and a heart pill . ` She loves to do anything she watches you do and being pampered is the best part of her day , other than playing with her kitty . She is loved by many and smarter than most . ' The monkey 's owner Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque named Angel . Despite this however , the video itself has been met with some concern from viewers . On Twitter , Jordan Reilly wrote : ` I just watched a video of a lady putting make up on a monkey . I do n't understand our world anymore . ' While YouTube user Samantha B wrote : ` Are you sure she likes it ? Baring teeth is a sign of fear and threatening in the monkey world . The video is cute , I just do n't know if it 's worth the monkey 's agony . ' Speaking to MailOnline , PETA 's UK Director , Mimi Bekhechi , said that ill-informed people are often inspired to obtain monkeys as pets on the back of such videos . In the video the owner proceeds to apply what looks like moisturising cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick . She said : ` Macaques live in highly interactive troops of 80 to 100 members , and a young female rhesus monkey stays with her mother and sisters for life . They form ` one of the tightest and most complicated social systems in the animal kingdom , ' according to renowned primatologist Frans de Waal . ` In captivity , this essential social fabric is ripped apart , and their individual needs and desires -- such as seeking a mate , raising their young , and resolving territorial disputes -- are completely thwarted . ` A life indoors without the essential companionship of other monkeys -- to be used as a living doll , no less -- bears no resemblance to a macaque 's natural life . PETA 's UK director , Mimi Bekhechi , said that videos like this ` often inspire ill-informed people to obtain monkeys as pets ' ` What 's more , many captive primates were torn away from their mothers in the wild shortly after birth , leaving them with lasting psychological scars . ' She concluded by saying that keeping monkeys is also potentially dangerous for humans and that not only are stressed primates known to lash out and attack those who keep them in captivity , they can also transmit disease . Adding : ` The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns that the risk of herpes B transmission makes macaques in particular unsuitable as pets . ' Claire Turnbull of Wild Futures also spoke to MailOnline . The clip has been met with some concern from people and Jordan Reilly Tweeted : ` I just watched a video of a lady putting make up on a monkey . I do n't understand our world anymore ' She said : ` During the video clip , the macaque displays fear behaviour -LRB- the submissive grinning -RRB- and repeatedly threatens the person applying the make-up/holding the camera , clearly indicating a level of distress/discomfort . ' Adding : ` Although it may appear very cute , it is really very sad . Monkeys are wild animals , they are not pets or playthings for people . This macaque should be in the wild with his/her family in the forest . ` Even if this one is rescued , promoting the idea that they are cute , cuddly and pliable animals only perpetuates the cruel primate pet trade , as it makes people think they want one . ` This viewpoint is shared by prominent experts and primatologists worldwide . '