This is the moment a college athlete 's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken . Tanguy Pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon , had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon , who competes for the University of Washington . But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene , Oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go . Tanguy Pepiot celebrated his victory -LRB- left -RRB- before missing out to his rival on the finishing line -LRB- right -RRB- . Pepiot -LRB- right -RRB- is pictured raising his hands to excite the crowd - as Meron Simon -LRB- left -RRB- tears toward him . The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum , opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line , and beat him by a tenth of a second . The home crowd roared as Simon powered ahead - seemingly in an attempt to warn French-born Pepiot . But the warning came too late , and Simon flashed past , leaving Pepiot , who is in his senior year , to collapse , defeated . Simon 's time , 8:57.86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds . Speaking to the Eugene Register-Guard after the contest , a newly-victorious Simon said : ` I thought he had me . Simon edges past Meriot as the pair approach the line , eventually beating him by a tenth of a second . After celebrating his triumph , Simon headed back to help Pepiot up after he collapsed to the ground in defeat . ` I thought he was just so far ahead . Then I heard the crowd get crazy , and he started throwing his hands up . ` I was like , `` I do n't think he knows I 'm coming '' . I just went to the line and just raced . ' After a justified victory celebration of his own , Simon doubled back to console his close rival . Not long after , a defeated Pepiot told columnist Austin Meek : ` I think it was the first time it happened to me . I 'll make sure it 's the last time . ' Meron -LRB- left -RRB- ran his best ever time in the 3,000 m steeplechase , while Pepiot has pledged not to get cocky again .