Broadcaster Stephen A. Smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on ESPN 's First Take . Nine months after Smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence , Smith tried to to claim that boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr 's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history . In the discussion , he told fellow anchor Cari Champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ` should feel that way ' . Scroll down for video . ESPN 's First Take anchor Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming that Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history . Responding to a ` Good vs. Evil ' approach Manny Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach is taking prior to the boxer 's upcoming fight against Mayweather , Smith questioned how Mayweather is being portrayed in the media . When co-host Cari Champion said she had an issue with Mayweather 's domestic violence history , Smith said that was because she 's a woman and ` should feel that way . Mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence , according to the New York Post . ` What makes me uncomfortable is that they 're also lumping all of this other stuff that Floyd Mayweather allegedly has done to say , `` Well , you know what ? Look at how much of a bad guy he is '' , ' Smith told Champion and Skip Bayless on April 8 . He added : ` When you take the position that you take , Cari , against - I got no problems with this , you 're a woman , you should feel that way - anybody else , based on what he 's been accused of , I get that . I have no issue whatsoever . ' Champion jumped in , saying : ` I definitely have an issue with his domestic-violence record , but I also have an issue with how he treats women period outside the ring . ' Smith stuck with his words , claiming that Champion only holds the position she has because she is a woman . He said : ` I 'm saying that her position is clear because she 's a woman , and this is how she feels he conducts himself . ` I am a boxing fan . When I 'm talking about Mayweather-Pacquiao , I 'm thinking about two dudes strictly in the boxing ring . And that 's all I 'm doing . ` But Freddie Roach takes this to another level . Anybody that 's rooting for Floyd Mayweather , it 's almost like , `` What kind of person are you ! '' Floyd Mayweather Jr , left , is set to face off against boxer Manny Pacquiao on Saturday . Pacquiao 's trainer has taken a ` good vs evil ' approach to the fight , claiming Pacquiao represents good and Mayweather represents evil . ` And when you feed into it by grasping what he says , it 's almost like , `` What kind of a person are you ! '' I 'm a guy that loves boxing . ' In a July episode of First Take , Smith victim-blamed when he said women play a role in preventing attacks in the wake of the Ray Rice scandal . During the discussion , Smith alluded to women in abuse cases when he said , ` Let 's make sure we do n't do anything to provoke wrong action ... we got to also make sure that you can do your part to do whatever you can do to make , to try to make sure it does n't happen again . '