It was supposed to be a joyous Easter Sunday celebration , but the brunch turned into yet another drama for Tori Spelling , who suffered an accident causing her to be hospitalized . According to eyewitnesses at Benihana 's Japanese Restaurant in Encino , California , Tori , hubby Dean McDermott , their kids , Liam , Stella , Hattie and Finn , and a few other guests , had enjoyed their Easter brunch , when Tori tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers . Tori had been laughing and having fun with her family at Easter brunch , ' says a source , ` when she got up to leave and tripped , falling backwards on to a scorching hot grill . She shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm . Scroll down for video . White hot : Tori Spelling was a trouper and stuck through her family brunch at Benihana restaurant in LA . But once outside she was seen inspecting the bad burn on her right arm . Tori 's doctor 's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body , a source tells Daily Mail Online . ` She questioned if it was absolutely necessary but doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she did n't act right away ' Tori was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment . It was determined that she needed skin grafts . ` You could tell she was hurting , but she was trying to put on a brave face for the sake of her four young children who were quite obviously worried , ' says the source . ` Dean looked upset too , but you could tell they were doing their best to stay calm and not alarm the children . ' Tori posted this cryptic message on her Instagram following the incident : Perfect @Easter Sunday . Aside from the Benihana Burn ! According to sources , Spelling went home and tried nursing her injury herself , but by the following day she was in so much pain she went to her doctor who ordered her to immediately undergo treatment at the Grossman Burn Center in West Hills , California . ` Tori 's doctor 's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body , ' says a source . ` She questioned if it was absolutely necessary but doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she did n't act right away . Dean looks on concerned as Tori inspects her burned arm . Tori and family and a friend were set to enjoy a wonderful Easter Brunch at Benihana restaurant . Tori posted this cryptic message on her Instagram following the incident . ` She underwent a skin graft last week and must now spend several days recuperating . Friends are praying for her to make a full recovery . ' The Grossman Burn Center was founded by the late Dr. Richard Grossman , who treated many badly burned LA firefighters and plane crash victims over the years . He was also famous for helping comedian Richard Pryor heal after he set himself on fire while free-basing cocaine in 1980 . Today Richard 's son Dr. Peter Grossman heads up the facility his father began . The 41-year-old 90210 star has had a tough time these past few years . She suffered heartbreak in 2013 after discovering her husband of nine years , actor Dean McDermott cheated on her , and the painful journey to mend their marriage was documented on their reality show , True Tori . In addition , Spelling , who turns 42 next month , has been embroiled in an on-again-off-again feud with her super rich mother , Candy Spelling , that left her feeling abandoned by the Spelling family matriarch . She 's also suffered extreme pain due to a neck injury , but refuses to have surgery to repair the problem . And just last week rumors began circulating that her 48-year-old husband may have cheated on her once again -- this time with his 52-year-old ex-wife Mary Jo Eustace . ` Tori could certainly use a bit of good luck in her life for a change , ' says the source . ` And we all hope she will pull through this latest incident the way she 's managed to pull through the other set - backs in her life . '