A humble wooden deckchair recovered from the doomed Titanic has sold for £ 100,350 at auction . The Nantucket wooden chair , which once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship , was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912 . Dubbed ` one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable ' , the chair is too fragile to sit on , but has been carefully preserved , having been owned by a British collector for the past 15 years . A 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the Titanic is expected sold for £ 100,000 at auction . The ship 's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax , Nova Scotia . One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett . The anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast , never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item . It was sold yesterday at Henry Aldridge and Son auction house in Devizes , Wiltshire , to a UK buyer . Andrew Aldridge , of auctioneers Henry Aldridge and Son , described the piece as one of ` the most important -LSB- bits -RSB- of Titanic memorabilia around ' . He said : ` It is incredibly rare to find something of that size that was on Titanic , was salvaged and that still exists today . Six or seven recovered deckchairs were stacked on the deck of the Mackay-Bennett as it arrived in Nova Scotia . Titanic -LRB- above -RRB- sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20 pm on April 14 . It has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of White Star Line - the company that owned the Titanic . He said that he was ` very , very pleased ' with the price . The chair is made of teak wood and has an adjustable footrest at the front . It is 57 inches long , 23 inches wide and 35 inches tall . It has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of White Star Line - the company that owned the Titanic . Upon his death in 1973 , Capt Lemarteleur gave the chair to colleague Captain Robin Lee . The current owner acquired it in 2001 . Sold with the chair was an in depth ` provenance package ' that authenticates history and association with Titanic . Captain Julien Lemarteleur -LRB- above -RRB- , who collected the chair from the Mackay-Bennett more than 100 years ago . It includes a signed affidavit from Margarete Pennington , who was Mr Lemarteleur 's housekeeper in the 1960s . In it she states : ` I personally saw the deckchair that Captain Lemarteleur told me about on many occasions . He said that various pieces of debris taken from the ocean including this Titanic deckchair he acquired . ` I recognise the chair as the same chair I saw in the captain 's garage and of which the captain identified as coming from the Titanic . ' Craig Sopin , 57 , a lawyer from Philadelphia , owns one of the world 's largest collections of Titanic memorabilia . He also authenticated the chair and said : ` It is n't often that one has the opportunity to acquire such an important part of Titanic 's story . ` For such a significant item to have such a meticulous chain of custody is nothing short of astonishing . Its history can be traced from the auction house back to Titanic itself . ' Titanic sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20 pm on April 14 . A ship , the Carpathia , picked up more than 700 survivors in lifeboats hours later and took them back to New York . White Star Line chartered four ships , including the Halifax-based cable-laying vessel the Mackay-Bennett , to recover the bodies .