We spent £ 400 on a 1940s loo - it took us four months to find one ! Claire Nugent , 43 , and Nigel Morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a b & b . She says : . When Nigel and I met as students in 1993 we soon discovered we both absolutely loved the 1940s . I had a beautiful mirror from the period that still hangs over our fireplace . We love the style because there 's such an attention to detail in everything from the handles through to the surfaces . When we moved in together after university , we 'd scour the local North London markets for 1940s pieces while checking out bric-a-brac shops and antique dealers on holiday . I 've always found other people are more interested in earlier items from Victorian , Edwardian or Georgian times , so we 're usually left to take our pick . Scroll down for video . Claire Nugent , 43 , and Nigel Morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a b & b . In 2011 , our dreams came true when we bought a World War II airfield control tower near Wells-next-the-Sea for £ 295,000 . It had been used as accommodation or a grain store since the war so needed a lot of work -- we spent nearly £ 200,000 getting it back to how it used to be . We stripped out the laminated flooring and scraped off the modern wallpaper , replacing it with original parquet flooring from a Sheffield school , and painting the walls . The bathrooms were the biggest source of stress . We once bought a cast-iron bath on eBay only to discover it was still installed . We had to pay someone £ 250 to drive up with pipe cutters and spanners to dig it out of the bathroom . But it was worth it . Another time we bought a pink bathroom suite then discovered the toilet was n't of the period . It took us four months of calling reclamation yards and googling to find the one we wanted . It cost £ 400 from a reclamation yard in the West Country -- the most we 've paid for something . While life has been made easier by the arrival of eBay , it does have added stresses . We spent New Year 's Eve two years ago desperately driving around trying to find a signal so I could bid on some concertina dividing doors . Eventually we managed it with 15 seconds to spare and got them for £ 200 . They said : ` We 've become really wrapped up in the history of airfields . We 've even met local veterans who flew from the airfield . It 's been great to bring this great tower back to life ' Our biggest expense was the windows , as control towers have so many . We spent around £ 45,000 having custom-made replicas , but ours are thankfully double glazed . It 's taken us three years to do up the tower , and while the b & b part is finished , we 're still working on our private living areas . I invited my ten-year-old nephew to stay and showed him photos of how it had been when we moved in . Seeing all the modern flooring and wallpaper , he asked : ` Auntie Claire , why have you wrecked your house ? ' We 're so pleased with the results though . My favourite piece is an original Anglepoise workbench lamp in our kitchen , which came from one of the metal huts in the grounds . And the enamel fireplaces cost £ 200 each , but they add to the historical feel of the building . We 've become really wrapped up in the history of airfields . We 've even met local veterans who flew from the airfield . It 's been great to bring this great tower back to life . My biggest weakness is 50s cocktail bars - at one stage I had six . Emma Edwards , 46 , lives with her partner Nigel Preston , 57 , in Manchester . She runs the vintage website missbamboo.co.uk . She says : . I 've always loved the flamboyance of the 1950s -- they were so kitsch and glamorous . Interiors of the era are full of texture , colours and shapes , so there 's always something exciting , quirky or beautiful to look at in our home . Nigel and I have been together for 11 years , but we 've shared a house only for the past three . We originally had our own homes , and mine was full of 1950s memorabilia , but his was n't . So , luckily , Nigel gave me the go-ahead to renovate his place , where we now live , two years ago . On the outside it 's a regular 1930s semi , but inside it 's like stepping back into the 1950s . In total , the work cost about £ 10,000 . Emma Edwards , 46 , lives with her partner Nigel Preston , 57 , in Manchester . She runs the vintage website missbamboo.co.uk and , at one stage , had six 1950s cocktail bars -LRB- left -RRB- . The most extravagant item I 've bought is Hawaiian vintage tropical wallpaper that has a pink tropical flower and island print . I got four rolls from a specialist website for £ 100 each . But it 's worth it . I have found a few bargains , too , such as a 1950s pearlised pale green bedroom set for £ 40 from a flea market in Manchester in the early 1990s . I love it . Once I found two pink melamine chests of drawers on eBay that I just had to have . We had to head to Glasgow to collect them , but as we were going on holiday the next day , our car was being serviced . I made Nigel take the train with me and we had to lug them back ourselves -- they were so heavy and awkward that we had to stand in the space between the carriages the whole way home . She said : ` I do have modern things mixed in , but only when they have a retro 50s look , for example our microwave ' . Her radio is also a blast from the past . My biggest 1950s weakness is bamboo cocktail bars because I love the Tiki , or Polynesian-style cocktail culture , which was a big part of the era . If I see a rare bamboo cocktail bar cabinet I ca n't help but buy it -- at one point I owned six . I 've sold two and have one in storage , but I still have two in my lounge and one in my conservatory . They cost between £ 100 and £ 200 . I do have modern things mixed in , but only when they have a retro 50s look , for example our microwave . The TV is the only modern-looking item , I hate its appearance , but it 's great to watch a vintage movie on and keeps Nigel happy . Maybe at some point we will make a cool mid-century surround or cabinet to disguise it . I would n't want my house to look like everyone else 's -- that would just be boring . Yes , I know it 's kitch but that 's why I love the 1960s . Ursula Forbush , 48 , is single , a manager for a charity and lives near Bristol . She says : . From the red glass vases and psychedelic wallpaper , to the Formica tables and G-plan dining suite , everything about my two-bedroom terrace home is a tribute to the late Sixties . I fell in love with the era as a twentysomething in the Eighties while feeling uninspired by the New Romantic music and the fashions at the time . After digging around in my mum 's record collection I realised I loved Sixties music , particularly The Beatles and Rolling Stones , and devoured books about the decade . Ursula Forbush , 48 , is single . She is a manager for a charity , lives near Bristol and adores anything kitsch , spending hours running round flea markets . Covetous of the style of Pattie Boyd , Marianne Faithfull and Edie Sedgwick -- Andy Warhol 's muse -- I scoured the second-hand market in Leicester , where I grew up , for Sixties fashions . I have a like-minded friend who completely decorated her home in Sixties style , and I vowed to one day have my own Sixties abode . The first thing I did when I bought my home 12 years ago was to have genuine Sixties wallpaper put up . I imported a funky pink and brown swirled paper for about £ 20 a roll from Holland which adorns one wall of my dining room , while in the hallway there is orange flowery wallpaper from Italy , and a calming blue pattern in my bedroom . At the windows hang original Sixties curtains bought from second-hand shops . I adore anything kitsch and spend hours rummaging at auctions , car-boot sales , flea markets and in charity shops , never paying more than a few pounds . A Sixties lamp with large swirls all over the tall shade was one of the more expensive items , at £ 100 from eBay . She said : ` Every night I come home to my Sixties bubble , switch on my old record player , listen to some vinyl , and all the stresses of 2015 melt away ' I have a record player reminiscent of a white space helmet , and there are original white fluffy flokati rugs on my lounge floor . Formica tables are scattered around the house and the walls are hung with prints of iconic paintings like the Chinese Girl by Vladimir Tretchikoff . In the kitchen is an old Kenwood mixer and Sixties crockery and glassware . I also have an orange slow cooker , plus Boots heated curlers , and hood-style hairdryer which cost £ 5 from a charity shop -- I do n't use the hair gadgets in case they blow up . Although I do n't like modern decor and furnishings and have very little of either , I 've had to be practical with certain items . An old twin tub would n't fit in my kitchen so I 've got a modern washing machine . And while my TV is also new , I paid more for one that 's smaller , white and in keeping with the white fibreglass Sixties table on which it sits . Every night I come home to my Sixties bubble , switch on my old record player , listen to some vinyl , and all the stresses of 2015 melt away .