A cafe owner has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal that contains a whopping 4,000 calories . Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter . The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk . The Easter Feast breakfast is available at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter . Up for the challenge : Customer Glen Keogh attemps the 4,000-calorie meal which has 388g of sugar . The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons . For £ 7 , customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg , with one half used as a bowl , served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure . Two cereals of choice are added together with a Creme Egg , a handful of Mini Eggs , home-made chocolate brownie and a Flake chocolate bar . Marshmallows and m & m 's are thrown into the mix , before the whole dish is generously drizzled in homemade dulce de leche - an Argentinian take on condensed milk - and salted caramel sauce . He starts off in high spirits , pouring the first of the three milks into his chocolate ` bowl ' Mr Keogh takes on the Easter Feast -LRB- left -RRB- but barely gets through before he regrets his decision -LRB- right -RRB- . Finally , customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk , chocolate , strawberry , vanilla and good old semi-skimmed . Mr Taylor , whose cafe specialises in world cereals , milkshakes and cheesecake , says he has carried his fine-dining and knowledge of being a wine sommelier into Black Milk . He created the Easter Feast Challenge to celebrate the gluttony of Easter . Cadbury 's chocolate egg -LRB- 291g -RRB- : 150g sugar ; 1,400 calories . Baked caremalised white chocolate : 9g sugar ; 80 calories . Kosher cereal from Israel : 8g sugar ; 150 calories . Toffee crisp cereal : 7.2 g sugar ; 150g calories . Home-made brownie : 7g sugar ; 410 calories . Creme Egg : 26.5 g sugar ; 177 calories . Mini Eggs : 20.5 g sugar ; 148 calories . Flake : 16.7 g sugar ; 171 calories . Dulce de leche : 50g sugar ; 315 calories . Salted caramel sauce 10g sugar ; 300 calories . Milks : 30g sugar ; 300 calories . Marshmallows : 40g sugar ; 75 calories . m & m s : 13g sugar ; 140 calories . TOTAL : 3,816 calories . Average man needs 2,500 calories per day . ` It 's all in the spirit of Easter , ' he said . ` Easter is less about what is used to mean , and now on Easter Sunday people try and go through as many chocolate eggs as they can , so this is another challenge for them . ` No one has managed to finish it yet but we 'll be running it until the end of the Bank Holiday to see if anyone can . ' He said the initial idea for the Easter Feast came to him after seeing soup served inside giant bread bowls in Paris and he wanted to transfer the concept to the cereal market . ` I want to push it further and come up with wacky concoctions and push the limits of cereal and milk and what you can do with it , ' he said . Although his cafe may stake a claim to creating Britain 's most tooth-rotting dish , Mr Taylor is keen to point out some of the shop 's biggest sellers are muesli , Special K and protein granolas used as an after-gym snack . Sweet-toothed customer Glen Keogh bravely attempted the challenge , opting for Toffee Crisp and a kosher cereal from Israel as his two choices . He said : ` I absolutely love chocolate , so this seemed like it would be a doddle at first . ` After tucking straight into the Crème Egg , the Flake and the brownie , I realised even that was more chocolate than anybody needs to eat in one sitting . ` The cereal was delicious , but like the Easter Egg bowl once the milk was poured , I started to crumble . ` Ten minutes , an aching belly and fuzzy teeth later , I called it a day with just the bowl to spare . My nine-year-old self would have been disappointed , but he did n't have to pay to go to the dentist ! ' The Easter Feast is made of half a Cadbury 's chocolate egg ; baked caremelised white chocolate ; kosher cereal from Israel ; Toffee crisp cereal ; home-made brownie ; Creme Egg ; Mini Eggs ; Flake ; dulce de leche ; salted caramel sauce ; three milks ; marshmallows and m & m 's . Olly Taylor starts the assembly process for his sugar-laden Easter Feast breakfast .