He was once the most fearsome competitor in all of sport , infamous for his prickly nature towards rivals and single-minded pursuit of victory . But the Tiger Woods who has turned up to Augusta National this year is different . Very different . Earlier this week we were treated to the sight of Woods embracing Darren Clarke on the practice ground . Europe 's Ryder Cup captain is an old pal of Tiger 's so that was unusual , but understandable . So too was the sight of him sharing a hearty laugh with his old mucker , Mark O'Meara . But dancing ? Yes , Tiger Woods dancing . Forget unusual , that is almost alarming . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO OF TIGER WOODS DANCING WHILE PRACTISING . Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised on Monday at Augusta National . The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game . A video has emerged of the former world No 1 , with headphones in each ear , bopping away while he honed his wedge game on the practice ground on Monday . No prizes for the first person to ask : ` was he listening to Tiger Feet ? ' Augusta 's patrons were treated to another glimpse of the new , cuddly Tiger on Wednesday morning as he enjoyed another manly hug with veteran Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez . Woods shared a warm greeting with Miguel Angel Jimenez on Wednesday morning . The 14-time major champion embraced the veteran Spaniard on the practice ground at Augusta . Jimenez watches on as Woods hits a drive during the build-up to the Masters . Perhaps the 50-year-old was offering Woods some tips on how to play the course , having finished fourth last year . Woods may be a four-time Masters champion but he has not played competitively since the first week in February and has battled through a bout of the chipping yips . Maybe the tunes have helped to release some of the tension in his short game . Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up , the Par-3 Contest , for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday . The 39-year-old will be joined by his daughter , Sam , 7 , and his son , Charlie , 6 , for the event , which is a light-hearted affair for the players and their families . Woods and former champion Ben Crenshaw compare putters on the 13th green during a practice round . Woods is watched by his coach , Chris Como , as he hits on the driving range on Wednesday . Meanwhile , Australia 's Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters due to personal reasons . Leishman 's wife Audrey was taken ill with an apparent case of pneumonia last week and put into an induced coma in hospital . ` It is with both deep regret and incredible relief I am withdrawing from the Masters tournament this week , ' Leishman said in a statement . ` My wife Audrey has survived a life threatening medical emergency and I have decided to remain by her side with our children . ` Thanks to an incredible team of doctors and nurses Audrey appears to be on the road to a full recovery . Our two young children remain blessed to have the world 's best mum in their lives . I want to pass along our thanks to all who supported us through this difficult period . ` We ask that you keep Audrey in your thoughts and prayers and I wish my best to all of the competitors for a great 2015 Masters . ' Leishman finished joint fourth at Augusta when fellow Australian Adam Scott won the Masters in 2013 . He had been due to tee off at 4:03 pm BST on Thursday alongside former champion Ian Woosnam and Erik Compton . His withdrawal brings the field down to 97 players .