An Oregon man adopted from South Korea as a toddler fears that he could be torn away from his wife and three children because his U.S. citizenship was never registered . Adam Crapser , 39 , of Salem , was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January and a hearing is set for April 2 . The father-of-three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . However , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive . Adding to Crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have . Deportation fears : Korean adoptee Adam Crapser , left , poses with daughters , Christal , one , Christina , five , and his wife , Anh Nguyen , in the family 's living room in Oregon . Now , after a life battling joblessness because of his lack of immigration papers , homelessness and crime , Crapser is facing deportation . ` The state abandoned him when he was a child , ' his attorney , Lori Walls , said . ` Now the US is throwing him out . ' Federal immigration officials say they became aware of Crapser after he applied to renew his green card two years ago : his criminal convictions , ranging from burglary to assault , made him potentially deportable under immigration law . US Immigration and Customs Enforcement was n't aware of Crapser 's childhood adoption history when it decided to pursue his deportation , agency spokesman Andrew Munoz said . Two U.S. senators , including Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon , are proposing a stand-alone , automatic citizenship bill for adoptees like Crapser . Growing pains : This undated photo provided by Crapser shows him around the age of three with his sister . Struggles : Abandoned by one adoptive family , separated for nearly three decades from his only biological sister , and exposed to abuse by another American adoptive couple , Crapser struggled with rejection , homelessness and crime . ` It was not his responsibility to fill out that immigration paperwork , ' Merkley said . ` He knows no other country . ' Advocates say thousands of adoptees do n't know they are n't citizens until they , for example , try to get a job . The federal government does not track the citizenship status of international adoptees or how many have faced deportation . The State Department says it is aware of adult adoptees who are in immigration removal proceedings . Adoptees who did n't become citizens are lawful permanent residents - but they lack the documents to prove it . Their stories about deportation to countries as diverse as India , Russia or Brazil are detailed on advocacy websites . Many of them remained stuck in legal limbo . A provision that would make citizenship automatic for all international adoptees regardless of age was added to a Senate immigration bill several years ago . But when reform stalled , the provision did , too . Since the 1950s , American couples have adopted nearly half a million children from other countries ; about 100,000 of those children came from South Korea . For years , it was the parents ' responsibility to seek citizenship , but many did not . In 2000 , lawmakers made citizenship automatic for international adoptees , but the law was n't retroactive . It excluded adoptees 18 or older at the time . Crapser would n't have met the criteria . Seven years after Crapser and his sister were adopted , their parents abandoned them . The foster care system separated Crapser , ten at the time , from his sister , whom he was dependent on , according to orphanage records . The boy bounced through several foster and group homes . When Crapser was 12 , he moved in with Thomas and Dolly Crapser , their biological son , two other adoptees and several foster children . The next four years , Adam Crapser said , the couple choked , kicked and hit him and the other children every day , slammed them against walls , set dogs to attack them and burned them with hot objects . Still in limbo : Crapser poses with daughter , Christal , one , in the family 's living room . ` Everything I did was wrong , ' he said . ` As far as humiliation goes , I have been there . ' His father also used racial epithets to address him and forced him to forget Korea . ` He always told me I 'm American , and that I need to let go of my past , ' Adam Crapser said . In 1991 , the couple was arrested on charges of physical child abuse , sexual abuse and rape . They denied the charges . Thomas Crapser 's sentence included 90 days in jail , and his wife 's three years of probation . Because students at his high school teased him about the abuse , Adam Crapser said he dropped out of 9th grade . He became homeless and slept in a shelter or the back of an old car while working several fast food jobs and finishing his high school equivalency diploma at night . The Crapsers had not obtained U.S. citizenship papers for him . Over the next few years , Adam Crapser struggled alone , and also got into trouble with the law . Once it was after he broke into his parents ' home - it was , he said , to retrieve the Korean Bible and rubber shoes that came with him from the orphanage - and later it was for stealing cars and assaulting a roommate . Because he lacked a green card to prove he could work in the U.S. , he opened a barber shop and an upholstery business - something he could do without immigration papers . He said his parents withheld his adoption record for years , so it was n't until 2012 that Adam Crapser submitted a green card application - which set in motion his path to a deportation hearing . Adam Crapser said he takes full responsibility for his crimes , but he has ` done his time ' and changed his life . ` America promised me a home , ' he wrote in his court declaration . ` I implore this country to keep its promise . If not for me then for my children , so they wo n't have to grow up without a dad . '