Real Madrid midfielder James Rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' after settling in seamlessly at the Bernabeu this season . That 's the view of Spanish newspaper Marca , who focus on the impressive form of the Colombian star since his £ 60million move from Monaco last summer . According to the Madrid-based publication , Los Blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when Rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he 's been missing . Marca -LRB- left -RRB- say that James Rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' as AS focus on Cristiano Ronaldo 's appeal . The 23-year-old is also described as ` the jewel in Real Madrid 's crown ' and praised for his influence in the No 10 role after scoring 13 goals and laying on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season . But his biggest triumph - according to Marca - is how he has lived up to his enormous price-tag , becoming a firm fan favourite for Carlo Ancelotti 's side . Elsewhere in Spain , AS focus on Real 's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo 's yellow card for diving in Wednesday 's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano . They say that La Liga 's competition and appeals committee will meet on Friday to decide whether or not the Portuguese superstar will be allowed to face Eibar this weekend . Over to Italy , where La Gazzetta dello Sport lead on Roberto Mancini 's plans for a summer revolution at Inter Milan . La Gazzetta dello Sport reveal Roberto Mancini 's targets as Tuttosport have an interview with Alvaro Morata . The paper claim that the former Manchester City boss hopes to sign eight quality players from a list of 21 candidates . Among Mancini 's list are Premier League stars Yaya Toure , Filipe Luis and Lucas Leiva , while Barcelona 's Pedro and Palermo forward Paulo Dybala are also mentioned . Tuttosport have an exclusive interview with Juventus striker Alvaro Morata , who says he is not interested in a return to former club Real Madrid . The Spanish international also insists that his side must believe in themselves in the Champions League , even comparing Juve to last season 's unfancied runners-up Atletico Madrid .