It 's that time of year when the English challenge in Europe fades in the face of overwhelming firepower and the thorny issue of the salary cap re-surfaces . This time , Dai Young has sounded the annual alarm . Wasps ' director of rugby could not have asked much more from his gallant side as they pushed Toulon all the way before losing their Champions Cup quarter-final at Stade Felix Mayol on Sunday . Yet , the scale of what they were up against was illustrated by the sight of Matt Giteau and Juan Fernandez Lobbe -- two of the world 's finest players -- coming on as replacements for the hosts . A pair of Springboks , Bryan Habana and Juan Smith , were among a glittering non-playing contingent . Wasps coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap so English clubs can compete on the European stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to Toulon on Sunday . Lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the Toulon player on the ground . Toulon 's English speedster Delon Armitage makes a break for the defending champions . CLERMONT v SARACENS , Stade Geoffroy-Guichard , St Etienne , Saturday , April 18 , 3.15 pm -LRB- GMT -RRB- . TOULON v LEINSTER , Stade Vélodrome , Marseille , Sunday , April 19 , 3.15 pm -LRB- GMT -RRB- . Young quipped that the absence of Leigh Halfpenny from the Toulon ranks meant that Wasps only had ` about five world-class full-backs to worry about ' . The joke hinted at a more serious point ; the personnel gulf between the wealthy French elite and their Premiership rivals . The English clubs simply ca n't compete when the leading Top 14 sides play to their potential , due to the disparity in budgets . Yet again , the salary cap -- currently £ 5.5 million -- is back on the agenda . ` There are pros and cons for everything , ' said Young . ` The salary cap has worked ; all the clubs have been sustainable for a long period , it 's the most competitive league in Europe and there have been two or three different title winners in the last few seasons , too . Wasps ' No 10 Alex Lozowski kicks away from Michalak during their European Champions Cup quarter-final . Toulon playmaker Frederic Michalak pulls the strings for the defending European champions . ` It has also meant a lot of young English players are getting exposure at that level , so it has done what it was intended to do . But maybe we need a a re-think about how important Europe is to the English teams and how the salary cap leaves us when playing against the big French teams . ` Realistically , Premiership teams need a bit of luck to arrive at these games with their best team fit . With the salary cap , there 's no way we can match the massive squads these clubs have . ' Wasps could n't match Toulon 's depth of playing resources , but they did trouble the holders thanks to the dynamic efforts of two young Englishmen -- centre Elliot Daly and scrum-half Joe Simpson . Their electric running maintained the form Young believes should put them in contention for a place in England 's World Cup squad . ` I do n't know what more they can do , ' said the Welshman . ` If England want to win the World Cup , these are the type of players you have to get in your team . ' New Zealander Williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned . Ali Williams crosses for a late try for Toulon as they put victory over Wasps on Sunday beyond doubt .