A New York woman has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years . Matilda Kahl , an art director at Saatchi & Saatchi , wears the exact same ` uniform ' -- an outfit made up of black trousers , white shirt and a custom leather rosette -- every single day because , as she explains to DailyMail.com : ` When at work , I want to be judged on my work and my work only . ' In an article for Harper 's Bazaar , Matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when , with ` a fairly important meeting on the horizon ' she began trying on a variety outfits to no satisfaction . Scroll down for video . Empowering : Saatchi & Saatchi art director Matilda Kahl has got everyone talking about her everyday work ` uniform ' ` I 'm given complete freedom over what I wear to the office , but that still left me questioning each piece that I added or subtracted from my outfit , ' she wrote . ' -LSB- I kept thinking -RSB- , `` Is this too formal ? Is that too out there ? Is this dress too short ? '' I finally chose something I regretted as soon as I hit the subway platform . ' Arriving at her meeting late , frazzled and wearing an inside-out sweater , while her male colleagues and new boss looked relaxed and at-ease , left her feeling frustrated and wondering why she 'd bothered with the stress of it at all . ` I knew my male colleagues were taken seriously no matter what they wore - and I highly doubted they put in as much sartorial time and effort as I had , ' she writes . ` But gender issues aside , I needed to come up with a solution to simplify this morning struggle . ' Vowing to never let herself feel that way again , Matilda made the decision to make the same simple , easy wardrobe choices as many of her male colleagues did , wearing the same outfit each and every day , thereby eliminating the seemingly endless struggle to determine what to wear . Simple , yet effective : Matilda achieved her look by buying blouses in bulk and pairing them only with black trousers . She found her sartorial salvation in the form of 15 identical white silk blouses and several pairs of simple black trousers . For a ` personal touch ' she added a custom-made leather rosette in homage to her mother , who used to love putting bows in her hair . She also throws on a black blazer for the chillier days . ` I 've always thought black and white looks stylish , so it was a pretty easy decision on the color , ' she explains to Daily Mail Online , adding that she took her time deciding on the exact designs . ` I finally fell for the white shirt for its diagonal button line and the cuts in the sleeves . ` New York gets really hot in the summer , so as an alternative to the 6 pants I bought 2 matte black skirts . Simple and sweet . ' With her identical every day look , Matilda is following in the footsteps of many high-powered individuals , from Steve Jobs to Mark Zuckerberg - who says he owns 20 identical grey t-shirts for work . All tied up : Matilda tops off her look with a simple black leather bow , which she calls her ` personal touch ' inspired by her mother 's affinity for bows in her hair . But despite many people trying out the trend before her , Matilda admitted that she faced ` mixed reactions ' to her new uniform idea from her co-workers . She was asked if she had lost a bet , joined a cult and some even assumed she was too destitute to afford other work clothing . But when confronted with endless questions about her new look , she shot back with : ` Have you ever set up a bill for online auto-pay ? Did it feel good to have one less thing to deal with every month ? ' Many critics also wonder : why does n't she just choose her outfit the night before ? ` To me , that would only move the problem to another time of day , not really solving it , ' she says . ` It would just make me go to bed later and lose valuable sleep . ` Nor would it solve the pressure of constantly feeling that I have to express my creative ability through my way of dressing , which is something I feel relieved from now with the uniform . ' According to Matilda , the criticism has done nothing but reassure her of her choices . ` People have really put it to the test , and I 'm happy to say the more questions I get the more sure I become of that I 'm happy with my choice of wearing a uniform , ' she explains . All in all , Matilda is immensely pleased with her decision , saying it has saved her huge amounts of money -- and also removed a source of stress from her life completely . She also claims it has given her a new sense of control . Coming up to three years in her look , Matilda does n't see herself stopping anytime soon - but insists that if the mood strikes her , she could go back to planning her daily wardrobe . ` I still feel like it does a good job for me so I see no reason for stopping wearing the uniform , ' she says . ` But if I would wake up one day and feel like start spending time on picking out an outfit every morning , I 'd no problem with giving it up . The uniform is here for me , I 'm not here for the uniform . ' She does however admit that she has had to re-stock her collection of white shirts - because the 15 that she bought originally have become so worn out that she is no longer able to wear them . ` They are all exactly the same and have been for almost three years , up until a week ago , ' she added to Harper 's Bazaar . ` The shirts had gotten worn out , others stained ... So last weekend I spent two days on a rather intense hunt for a new hero shirt . I finally found it at Zara . '