A carpenter from South California has created what may well be the world 's biggest see-saw . Kyle Toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula . It measures a whopping 45ft in length , and according to its maker , sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft . Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides and the seesaw was born . As seen in the video , the seesaw is made from entirely raw materials -- a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree . Kyle told MailOnline : ` I was cutting down some dead and damaged trees one day and was trying to drop this tree in between two others . ` It did n't go as planned and ended up dropping in between a tree that had two huge branches splitting . ` It fell basically where it is now but was about 65ft long and was laying on my fence . ` So I cut the tree at what looked like would be even on both sides and just like that a massive teeter totter -LRB- American term for seesaw -RRB- was born . Kyle climbed the tree with a sledge hammer and pounded the trunk into the split branches to stop it from sliding . There is no seat attached to the trunk but handrails have been added for support and ropes help people get on . ` The whole thing kind of just happened . It ended up being the perfect weight on both sides . ` I climbed up the tree with a sledge hammer and pounded the tree trunk down into the split branches to stop it from sliding . ` I then called up a few of my friends and they came over really quickly once they heard . ' While there is no seat attached to the trunk , handrails have been added for support and ropes can be seen dangling from the base of it . Kyle said : ` We had to attach a rope on one side so that when one person gets on they can pull the other person up and let someone else on . The seesaw measures 45ft in length , and according to Kyle , sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft . ` I got on with one of my friends and it worked perfectly . It was a bit scary at first because it 'll send you about 25ft in the air . ` We used it for about 20 minutes . It 's so much fun . It takes the childhood ask of playing on a teeter totter and magnifies it by a thousand . ` Basically if you were six-years-old and had never seen a regular teeter totter before that 's what it would be like to see this thing as an adult . ' According to Kyle , four people can ride on the seesaw at one time and there is an amazing view from the top . The short clip , captured from two angles , shows two people riding the seesaw -- one pumps the air in celebration and swings his dangling legs . Kyle said that the seesaw is a lot of fun and that it takes the childhood memory of playing on one and magnifies it by a thousand . Kyle 's woodwork has been featured in the Providence Art Show , Boston 's World Trade Center Furniture Show and the Del Mar Woodworking competition in California . A number of people have commented positively on the video with one YouTube user writing : ` That and a beer looks like a good time . ' The carpenter , who launched his business , Wood By Kyle Toth , in 2010 claims to have developed a passion for woodwork from a young age . His work has been featured in the Providence Art Show , Boston 's World Trade Center Furniture Show and the Del Mar Woodworking competition in California .