A panda in China has been nicknamed ` The Enduring Brother ' -- for his record-breaking love-making . Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds , setting a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre . A video of their sexual antics means that ` stud ' Lu Lu is now the talk of China , says The People 's Daily . Scroll down for video . Panda Lu Lu -LRB- right -RRB- mated with female partner Zhen Zhen for nearly eight minutes , setting a new centre record . Lu Lu has been bestowed the name ` The Enduring Brother ' after his sexual prowess hit the headlines . It also means the Chinese panda lasts longer than the average American man in bed , with your typical New Mexico man making love for just over seven minutes , according to research printed by The Daily Dot . The pair were pitted against another couple of pandas , Yi Bao and Jin Xin , who only managed one minute and 20 seconds of love-making . The average length of a ` romp ' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes , making Lu Lu 's efforts all the more impressive . Breeders said they watch the creatures having sex so they can understand their mating habits , and encourage them to reproduce in the future . A breeder at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre watches close as Lu Lu and Zhen Zhen begin . They use poles made of bamboo to guide the pandas towards each other , when they have tracked when the pandas are in the amorous mood . The female of the species are prone to making loud and strange noises , while male pandas leave traces of their scent to attract the opposite sex . But timing is everything , because the female pandas are in heat once a year , for between two to four days . Mating season for pandas usually begins in March and lasts until May , according to a report by the Shanghaiist . Female pandas make strange noises while they are in heat , while the males leave traces of their scent around . Lu Lu and Zhen Zhen lasted longer than Yi Bao and Jin Xin , who ` made love ' for one minutes and 20 seconds .