Sweeping is a tedious task but now a new ` smart bin ' could help save you from all that bending down with a dust pan . The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner . Using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush , turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess . The Bruno Smartcan -LRB- pictured -RRB- uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum . It also has an integrated bag store and charging cord . Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags , and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish . Developed by inventors Jim Howard and Lori Montag , from Tulsa , Oklahoma , the bin is able to clean up dog hair and spilt breakfast cereal and crumbs , sucking it up directly into the bin bag . It is the perfect invention for the house proud - a substance that means clothes will never stain , glass will not mist and kitchen surfaces automatically shed their germs . Scientists have developed a ` self-cleaning ' coating that can be sprayed onto materials . The substance , made out of coated titanium dioxide nanoparticles , works because it is very , very water resistant . Any moisture which touches it turns into a ball and rolls away , cleaning up dust in its path . The breakthrough , by chemists at University College London , comes after years of research into highly water-resistant - or ` superhydrophobic ' - substances . It also features a motion sensitive hands-free lid that opens automatically . The inventors said : ` Bruno and its patents pending technologies have been many months in the making . ` The powerful vortex vacuum feature will deliver every dog hair , cheerio and grain of dirt directly into the trash bag . ` No more stopping , no more scooping , just place the broom in front of the vacuum inlet to start the suction and Bruno will do the rest . ` Bruno will also remind you to take the trash out on trash day , and alert you when you are low on Bruno Bags . ' The pair is hoping to attract support for their invention on Kickstarter . They said the Bruno ` smartcan ' can run for 30 days on its battery before needing to be recharged . Dust swept close to the base of the Bruno Smartcan activates the vacuum , which sucks it directly into the bin . The vacuum is powerful enough so suck up spilt breakfast cereal , dust and hair , while its integrated bag dispenser knows when you need to buy new bags . An extendable recharging cord is built into a flip up section just behind the main lid . Users can buy custom-fitted bags for the Bruno , which fit into its dispenser , or use standard bin bags . The bin has a capacity of 59 litres -LRB- 13 gallons -RRB- . It is expected to cost $ 248 -LRB- £ 160 -RRB- , although early buyers can pre-order it for $ 139 -LRB- £ 90 -RRB- . The Bruno bin comes in five colours including white -LRB- above -RRB- and will last for 30 days on a single charge .