Tony McCoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle . Having been out of luck with his opening three rides -- the closest he got was third place in the Betfred Bowl on Holywell -- McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding . His task was made a little more straightforward than it might have been , as Arctic Fire -- the favourite , ridden by Ruby Walsh -- took a crashing fall at the final flight when poised to challenge Jezki . AP McCoy claimed victory in the Aintree Hurdles as he rode Jezki -LRB- right -RRB- to victory after Ruby Walsh , riding Arctic Fire -LRB- left , downed -RRB- , fell at the final hurdle at this year 's Grand National Festival on Thursday afternoon . McCoy was eventually was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory after the fall . Ominously , screens were erected around Arctic Fire , who had finished runner-up on his last in the Champion Hurdle , but , thankfully , both horse and jockey got to their feet and , upon hearing that news , McCoy was able to savour the latest big victory of his glittering career . Jezki has been a model of consistency this winter and the retiring champion feels the gelding deserved this moment in the sun , as he beat Rock On Ruby by 13 lengths . ` I was glad to see Ruby and Arctic Fire get up , ' said McCoy , who has been besieged by autograph hunters and well-wishers all afternoon . ` I knew it was going to be a hard race and at the second last , I thought he might have me beat but 50 yards from the last hurdle , I was sticking in there . ` My horse is bred to stay and he won over two-and-a-half miles at Fairyhouse . Whether he could have won had Arctic Fire stood up , I do n't know . But it would have been close . ' Arctic Fire takes a tumble at the final hurdle to allow Jezki to take the lead and take the win at Aintree . Walsh and his horse escaped without serious injury , although the Irishman pulled out of his last ride . McCoy , who will ride hot favourite Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie 's Grand National on Saturday , said : ` I 'm just trying to keep things as normal as possible and do my job . I can leave the worrying until after I walk out of here on Saturday night . ` I would love to win the Grand National but I do n't want it to be my final ride . I really do n't want to retire but if I win the race , I will do retirement after that . Aintree is a great place and a meeting that I have always enjoyed . ' Of his other mounts , McCoy said : ` Hargam -LRB- well beaten in the 4-Y-O Hurdle -RRB- was disappointing but Holywell ran well . ' The soon-to-retire 40-year-old from County Antrim has promised to call it quits if he wins the Grand National .