A woman who suffers daily abuse because she has a beard is thrilled after learning she will be undergoing laser treatment to get rid of her facial hair for good . Mother-of-two Cheryl Howe , 32 , from Morecambe , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome -LRB- PCOS -RRB- at the age of 12 , and suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs . She has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS , spending £ 2,000 a year on razors , and shaving up to three times a day . Scroll down for video . Cheryl , pictured with her daughter Sharon who is now 14 , was diagnosed with PCOS at the age of 12 . She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs . Along the way she 's had support from celebrities such as Kym Marsh , Ted Robbins and Edwina Currie . She finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment , which costs a minimum of £ 10,000 . Cheryl has had initial appointments and is booked in for September this year . She said : ` I 'm going to be a real girl and I ca n't wait . ` I was in tears when I found out . I 've suffered years and years of abuse and finally something is happening . ` My hair growth has cost me jobs , relationships - it even ruined my first few years with my daughter . I could n't be a mum or a wife , because I just did n't feel like a woman . ' Cheryl suddenly began growing hair on her chest and legs at the age of 12 . She had heavy periods from the age of eight . The 32-year-old says her body hair , shown here growing on her arm , has cost her jobs and relationships . Cheryl fought for six years for treatment on the NHS before finally getting approved . She says she had to shave up to three times a day to keep her face , chin and neck stubble-free . The mother-of-two is booked in for the £ 10,000 treatment in September this year , to tackle unsightly hair on her stomach , face and chest . She says : ` I was bullied and beaten up at school . I used to get called Gorilla and Cheesy Cheryl . ' She was diagnosed with PCOS and doctors prescribed the contraceptive pill , believing that her problems would improve . Cheryl says : ` The pill did n't help at all . I had periods for 28 days a month and the hair just kept on growing . I had thick hair on my face , breasts , stomach and legs . ` My older brother , John , taught me how to shave my face and I had to shave two or three times a day . ' Cheryl was warned she would be unlikely to be able to have a baby , but at 17 , she had a one-night stand and gave birth to her daughter Sharon , now 14 . Cheryl says : ` He was the first boy to ever show me any attention and I had a one-night stand . But I ca n't regret it , because my daughter came along . ' But with so many personal issues of her own , Sharon struggled with motherhood . She walked out on her daughter , leaving her own mother to care for her . Her doctors believed she had suffered a nervous breakdown . She gradually formed a bond with her daughter - but doctors then found two cancerous tumours on her ovary . They were removed , and she was told she would be unable to conceive again . But in January 2008 , she fell pregnant for a second time with her son , Jack , now six . This time , the bond was instant and she adored him . Cheryl says : ` Jack made me see life through his eyes . He would cuddle me and say : `` Mummy , I do n't mind your prickles . '' ` His kindness melted my heart . ' Cheryl with her son Jack , now six-years-old -LRB- left -RRB- and brother -LRB- right -RRB- , called John , who taught her how to shave . Cheryl now has a great relationship with her children Sharon , 12 , and Jack , six , pictured . But her relationship with Jack 's father broke down , because , Cheryl says , he was unable to cope with her excess hair . She says : ` When we got together , he insisted he did n't mind . But no man likes to see their partner shaving their chest , boobs and chin . It drove us apart . ' She has also been targeted by trolls on the internet . Following last year 's Eurovision song contest , featuring bearded drag queen act Conchita Wurst , she received Facebook messages saying : ` Did you see yourself on television last night ? ' and ` Can you see the resemblance ? ' Cheryl says : ` I had messages pushed through my door and I became too afraid even to go out . I lost my job and my self-esteem was very low . ` But I got lots of support too . People from all over the world apologised for what was said to me . Even Conchita Wurst sent me a message saying `` I really apologise , you should n't be penalised . '' ` We are all unique . People should judge a person by who they are , not what they look like . ' The Morecambe mother-of-two is pictured with her sisters Sheridan -LRB- left -RRB- and Danielle -LRB- right -RRB- . Cheryl has constantly campaigned for treatment for women whose lives are blighted by the condition . She set up the Inspiration Foundation forum and support group , which currently has 7,000 girls and women with PCOS as members , and has had support from Edwina Currie , Kym Marsh and Ted Robbins . Cheryl also has a campaign page called Stand Up To PCOS . She has now finally received confirmation that she will receive the funding for the treatment . She says : ` My daughter , Sharon , gave me a hug for the first time in years . I hope this might bring us closer . ` Jack says he loves me and my prickles . He does n't mind how I look . ` This is n't cosmetic . I have a disfigurement . It 's horrendous that I 've had to wait so long for it . ` I just want to concentrate on the future now . I ca n't wait to be a real girl at last . '