A suspect has been arrested after a duffel bag containing human remains was found near a police station in Massachusetts - as more remains have been discovered inside an apartment building . The person , who will not be identified until their arraignment on Monday , was taken into custody after the bag was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge on Saturday morning , according to authorities . They have not been charged with homicide . Instead , they are ` under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains ' . It comes as additional human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex on 6th Street , across the road from where the bag was discovered on the pedestrian-only walkway . Scroll down for video . Scene : A suspect has been arrested after a duffel bag containing human remains was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge , Massachusetts , just a block away from a police station . Above , police at the scene . Evidence : More than a dozen investigators were pictured examining the area where the bag was discovered on Saturday morning . Some officials were seen removing boxes and bags of evidence from the area -LRB- above -RRB- . Speaking at an evening press conference , Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , who has also not been identified by officials . The victim 's death is being treated as a homicide , she added , according to CBS . The duffel bag containing human remains was spotted outside a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc , one block away from the police station , on Saturday morning , police said . It was described as a large item , similar to a hockey bag , by witnesses . The building was quickly cordoned off , and more than a dozen investigators were seen examining the site throughout the day . Some officials were pictured removing boxes and bags of evidence from the area . A spokesman for Biogen referred all inquiries to police . The surrounding neighborhood includes Kendall Square near the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard Square . Second discovery : It comes as more human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex -LRB- pictured -RRB- on 6th Street , across the road from where the bag was discovered just hours earlier . Officials and press at the site : Speaking at an evening press conference , Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , who has also not been identified . After video surveillance led police to the apartment complex where more remains were found , Cambridge Police Commissioner Robert Haas reassured the building 's residents of their welfare . ` We want to reassure the individuals living in the apartment that they are safe , ' he said during the press conference , adding : ` We do n't think there 's a threat to the community at this point in time . ' Residents who left the building were allowed to re-enter only after showing proof they lived there . Officers , who were expected to remain there all evening , then escorted them to their apartments . The suspect will be arraigned on Monday at Cambridge District Court . An investigation is ongoing . Cordoned off : The duffel bag containing human remains was seen outside a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc , one block away from the police station , on Saturday morning , officials said .