Manuel Pellegrini has insisted he is not impressed by United 's rise up the table . Asked for his thoughts about his team 's great rivals surging past them in the Barclays Premier League , the Manchester City boss said : ` Not impressed , no , because I think Louis van Gaal has a career as a manager where his teams are always offensive teams , teams that win titles everywhere . ` United bought a lot of very good players such as Angel di Maria , Radamel Falcao , Ander Herrera , Juan Mata and Daley Blind . Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United 's rise up the table . He points out United 's expensive signings such as Angel di Maria -LRB- centre -RRB- and Radamel Falcao -LRB- right -RRB- . Pellegrini feels that a manager of Louis van Gaal 's quality should be expected to do well with such a squad . Pellegrini feels that Juan Mata -LRB- left -RRB- and Ander Herrera are top players and central to United 's run of form . Pellegrini has also singled out United 's Dutch defender Daley Blind -LRB- right -RRB- as a key part of United 's team . ` For me , the strange thing was why they did n't do it before , earlier in the season . ` But it 's not a surprise how they are playing in this moment . ' City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and have not won away since mid-February . That run has seen them slide off Chelsea 's shoulder at the top of the league and down to fourth place . Pellegrini reiterated his stance that he is not fearful about losing his job but admitted his team have extra motivation ahead of Sunday 's game . ` I think the first motivation is always to win , ' he said . ` Being a derby against a team like United that dominated the league for so many years , it 's more . ` At one time Sir Alex Ferguson said the neighbours were disturbing them a little bit more , so I say that 's double motivation for us . ' Crystal Palace forward Glenn Murray -LRB- bottom left -RRB- celebrates scoring his side 's opening goal against City . Jason Puncheon scores a stunning free-kick for Palace as they inflict a 2-1 defeat on Pellegrini 's men . City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and travel to Old Trafford on Sunday .