A courtroom was thrown into chaos after a judge found a Chicago detective not guilty of involuntary manslaughter after he shot an unarmed woman in the back of the head . Cook County Judge Dennis Porter , cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd , 22 . Moments before he announced the verdict on Monday , he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom , fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response . The victim 's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed : ` You want me to be quiet ? This m ***** f ***** killed my sister ! ' Not guilty : Cook County Judge Dennis Porter , cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin -LRB- left -RRB- who shot Rekia Boyd , 22 , -LRB- right -RRB- dead in Chicago in March 2012 . She was gunned down on March 21 as she stood with friends outside a property in Chicago 's Lawndale neighbourhood . According to James Montgomery the family 's lawyer , Servin pulled up to the group in an unmarked vehicle and told them to ` shut up ' . Boyd was standing with her friend Antonio Cross , who reached into his waistband , pretending he had a gun , and charged at Servin , the court heard . She died after one of the five bullets from Servin 's unregistered Glock handgun pierced the left side of her head . Servin has maintained he fired only because he felt threatened when he confronted a group at a park about the noise they were making . According to The Chicago Sun Times , Porter said in his ruling : ` Illinois courts have consistently held that when the defendant intends to fire a gun , points it in the general direction of his or her intended victim , and shoots , such conduct is not merely reckless and does not warrant an involuntary-manslaughter instruction , regardless of the defendant 's assertion that he or she did not intend to kill anyone . He added : ` The absence of any evidence of reckless conduct renders it unnecessary for this court to consider whether the defendant was justified in his actions . ' Porter also cleared Servin , who was off-duty , of reckless discharge of a firearm and reckless conduct . The cop told reporters when he left the courtroom that justice had been served . He said : ` I always maintained it was an accident what occurred to Miss Boyd . ` Miss Boyd and her family , they have my deepest sympathies . Chaos : The judge told loved ones to leave the court before the not gulity verdict was read out - fearing a spate of outbursts . Outside the court Servin -LRB- pictured -RRB- told reporters at the end of the hearing he has always believed the shooting was an accident . Disgusted : Boyd 's supporters -LRB- pictured outside court -RRB- maintain that she was murdered and insisted the case is ` not over ' ` Any reasonable person , any police officer especially would have reacted in the exact same manner that I reacted , and I 'm glad to be alive . I saved my life that night . I 'm glad that I 'm not a police death statistic . ' Outside the courtroom Boyd 's supporters accused the judge of not having a heart , with one person adding : ` It ai n't over . We all know it 's murder . ' In a statement to the Sun-Times , Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez said he was ` extremely disappointed with the verdict . ` I believe that my office had provided sufficient evidence before the court to not only demonstrate , but also to prove , that Officer Servin 's conduct was clearly reckless in the senseless fatal shooting of Rekia Boyd , ' he said . ' ` Justice was denied today for Rekia Boyd and her family , and I extend my deepest sympathies as they struggle to come to terms with this unexpected decision . '' The city settled a lawsuit for $ 4.5 million with Boyd 's family in 2013 . Demonstration : Donald Lightfoot holds a sign in support of Boyd while joining other protesters in Chicago . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .