Never mind John Prescott 's ` Two Jags ' . Thrifty motorists whose budgets wo n't stretch to the favourite luxury car of the Labour peer might consider ` two dragons ' instead . For Korea 's SsangYong is launching a new sports utility vehicle from under £ 13,000 that promises value for money motoring for drivers who believe in watching their pennies . But SsangYong -LRB- Korean for ` two dragons ' -RRB- has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very European name - Tivoli - after the stylish Italian town near Rome , home to the Villa d'Este , a Unesco world heritage site famed for its Renaissance architecture and garden . SsangYong -LRB- Korean for ` two dragons ' -RRB- is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle . Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke , the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions . It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE , EX , ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or ` intelligent ' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range . There 's also a five-year unlimited mileage warranty . The entry level SE , from £ 12,950 , is finished in grey cloth trim and includes 16-in alloys , cruise control , a petrol stop/go system , seven airbags and ` smart ' steering with normal , comfort and sport modes . The top-of-the-range ELX , from £ 16,000 to £ 19,000 , comes fully loaded with a choice of the full range of engines and gearboxes plus diamond cut alloy wheels , smart keyless starting , front and rear parking sensors , privacy glass , rear spoiler , automatic headlamps , rain sensing wipers , TomTom navigation system with 7 in touch screen and a rear-view camera . There is a choice of six exterior colours , and even a ` My Tivoli ' personalisation programme which allows customers to create their own distinctive car . This includes the styling pack -LRB- £ 400 -RRB- which gives a choice of five two-tone roof combinations , plus further engine and drivetrain options . As well as offering lots of interior seating and storage space , it aims to offer driver and passengers easy connectivity to their IT devices . SssangYong 's UK sales and marketing director Steve Gray expects it to double the firm 's annual UK sales from 2,000 to 4,000 a year . UK chief executive Paul Williams says : ` This is a car that will really put SsangYong on the map and change perceptions . ' Citroen 's Aircross model -LRB- above -RRB- has protective alloy bumps front and side . Motorists of a certain age may recall those fondly remembered TV adverts from childhood for rufty-tufty Tonka Toys . These were virtually indestructible metal cars - usually 4x4s or trucks with massive wheels . The TV advert informed viewers : ` They build real tough toys , for real tough boys - Tonka ! ' Well , Citroen seems to have taken its inspiration from them for its Aircross model -LRB- above -RRB- . It even has protective alloy bumps front and side made from honeycomb aluminium castings surrounded by hard rubber . Billed as a big brother to the current Citroen C4 Cactus , it was shown in prototype hybrid form at the Shanghai Motor Show in China . Citroen 's global boss , Briton Linda Jackson , says her company has to regain the sort of design flair that created the 2CV : ` If we want stand-out cars , then we have to be bold . ' The prototype has a 1.6 litre petrol engine linked to an electric motor combining to create 313bhp . Citroen claims a special boost function will help it accelerate from rest to 62mph in 4.5 seconds . Do n't hold your breath . But many do see it as France 's answer to Britain 's new Land Rover Discovery Sport . Ii is almost time for the next Goodwood Festival of Speed . Tickets have now gone on sale for the event which runs from June 25 to 28 . The theme of ` Flat-Out and Fearless : Racing on the Edge ' pays tribute to the drivers and constructors throughout history who ` threw caution to the wind in pursuit of victory ' . Goodwood favourites : JackieStewart and his wife Helen . The festival , billed as ` the world 's largest automotive garden party ' is held in the grounds of Lord March 's Goodwood House and estate near Chichester , West Sussex . It attracts the A-list of the world motor manufacturing chiefs , motor sport legends - from Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton to Sir Stirling Moss and Sir Jackie Stewart - as well as showbiz celebrities in a way the original British Motor Show never could . More than 600 cars and motorcycles spanning the phenomenal history of motoring and motor sport take part alongside a ` Moving Motor Show ' presented by the AA . The traditional central feature - a vast automotive-themed sculpture - will this year honour Japanese car giant Mazda 's contribution to motoring and motor sport in the year that the latest incarnation of its best-selling MX-5 sports car is launched . Details and tickets : goodwood.com . Race and road car designer Professor Gordon Murray - who produced the legendary McLaren F1 supercar - is to collaborate with engine specialist Osamu Goto to create an ultracompact fuel-efficient vehicle for city use . But it has to run on conventional fuels such as petrol . The car , being sponsored by Shell under the code-name ` Project M ' is to be unveiled in November .