Terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west Wales , it has emerged . Locations in Ceredigion , Powys and Pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise Muslims , according to an officer from the Wales Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit . Those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive ' , Detective Constable Gareth Jones said . Training : Locations in Ceredigion , Powys and Pembrokeshire in west Wales , illustrated above , are being used to radicalise Muslims , according to an officer from the Wales Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit . Speaking to Ceredigion Council , DC Jones stressed that issues surrounding terrorism were not confined to large cities . Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998 , when it is claimed hate preacher Abu Hamza sent a group of 10 extremists to train in the Brecon Beacons , in Powys . The area is one of several locations used by the British military for training . Its rugged terrain helps prepare soldiers , including elite forces personnel like the SAS , physically and mentally for warfare . In 2005 , two of the 7/7 bombers , Mohammad Sidique Khan and Shehzad Tanweer , were photographed white water rafting at the National Whitewater Centre in Bala , North Wales . Five years later , three would-be terrorists from Cardiff were arrested as part of an Al-Qaeda inspired gang who plotted a ` Mumbai-style ' series of terror attacks on Britain . Link : Michael Adebowale , left , one of the men convicted of murdering Fusilier Lee Rigby , is understood to have studied Arabic at the former European Institute of Human Sciences at Highmead , near Llanybydder . Omar Latif , 28 , Gurukanth Desai , 30 , and Abdul Miah , 25 , were photographed holding a series of secret meetings with Mohammed Chowdhury and Shah Rahman in a country park in Wales . And Michael Adebowale , one of the men convicted of murdering Fusilier Lee Rigby , is understood to have studied Arabic at the former European Institute of Human Sciences at Highmead , near Llanybydder . The centre is understood to have been set up by Iraqi clerics . Speaking to councillors , DC Jones said : ` This chap attended the Institute for Human Sciences for quite some time . It 's fair to say that is a connection to a horrendous terrorist attack in the UK . Would-be terrorists : Omar Latif , 28 , right , Gurukanth Desai , 30 , and Abdul Miah , 25 , left , were photographed holding a series of secret meetings with Mohammed Chowdhury and Shah Rahman in a country park in Wales . ` Ceredigion , Pembrokeshire and Powys have been used for radicalisation training . ` These people do turn up and take part in seemingly ordinary activities , but they do have an ulterior motive . This does happen in Ceredigion . ' DC Jones added that community intelligence was important to authorities . He said : ` It really is vital that if any intelligence comes from the community that we look at it . We do n't want that intelligence to drop off . '