The possession police are out in force , and Jose Mourinho is the Premier League 's Most Wanted . The football purists are foaming at the mouth -- how can this Portuguese pretender dare to win games without wanting the football ? Is this the most negative side to ever win the title ? Is this the most terrible team to lift the Champions ' crown ? Woah there , just hang on a moment . Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea 's lack of possession during their 1-0 win over Man United . Mourinho and his staff and players celebrate the crucial win over United on Saturday at Stamford Bridge . I 'm no fan of the kind of football Chelsea played on Saturday to beat Manchester United . But at the end of the season , they are getting the job done , it 's as simple as that . And who can blame Mourinho for being so cautious ? Last season they were seven points clear at the top of the table but fell away after losing at Aston Villa and Crystal Palace -- both in the bottom half of the table at the time , and were beaten at home by Sunderland , who were six points adrift in 20th place . And then needing a win to go top of the Premier League with just two games to go , Mourinho watched his side draw 0-0 at home to Norwich , who were about to be relegated . The title that had been in their grasp , was lost . Chelsea 's most impressive result during that run-in was a 2-0 win at Liverpool , a game made famous by Steven Gerrard 's slip . It ended Liverpool 's 16-match unbeaten run and checked their charge to the title . That day Chelsea let Liverpool have 73 per cent possession over the 90 minutes . Chelsea found a way to win without the ball . And Mourinho did the same on Saturday to an in-form Manchester United , who had 70 per cent possession at Stamford Bridge . It 's not my kind of football -- I like to see what talented professional players can do with the ball . And so does Louis van Gaal . Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea . Steven Gerrard slips against Chelsea at Anfield last season - a game Chelsea won with only 17 % possession . Ba scores as Chelsea go on to win at Anfield and effectively end Liverpool 's title push last season . The Dutch master might just wonder to himself if things could have been different if he had certain individuals fit . All clubs have injuries , but for that massive game on Saturday , United needed key players in the team . It would have been fascinating to see if Van Gaal 's possession philosophy would have won the day , over the Jose way . Chelsea won the game , and they did it in typical Mourinho fashion -- by not wanting possession of the football . Jose has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season . I understand his pragmatism given that Chelsea are so close to sealing the title . But he fell into this negativity way too early in the season , and it led to their abject failure in Europe . Mourinho needs to be more expansive in the Champions League next season -- that 's for sure . Andre Schurrle 's goal against Burnley after a sublime pass from Cesc Fabregas was a highlight of the season . But do n't judge this Chelsea side on the Premier League run-in alone : they may not have been consistently sparkling with their style , but they have had some wonderful moments this season . On day one of the season Cesc Fabregas ' sublime disguised pass for Andre Schurrle 's goal at Burnley had us all out of our seats . It was n't his only example of genius since August . When fit , Diego Costa 's strength , movement and finishing have been a joy to watch . And then there 's Eden Hazard . The player Mesut Ozil , Angel di Maria , Samir Nasri and Raheem Sterling and others all dream of being . Yes some of those others have medals , but they have n't shown the same amazing ability as the Chelsea number 10 . His balance , his control , his passing and finishing have all been superb all season . Chelsea forward Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- dribbles with the ball ahead of Manchester Untied 's Wayne Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- . Oscar -LRB- second left -RRB- scores against Swansea as Chelsea run riot at the Liberty Stadium in January . And during this period when Jose Mourinho is being over-cautious , making sure they secure the title they let slip last season , Hazard has lifted the team from a blue sea of negative mediocrity , to one capable of star quality . And back in January , Chelsea gave arguably the best footballing display of the season in the Premier League when they went to Swansea and won 5-0 . The one-touch football was special , and the way the three behind Costa drifted around was reminiscent of the total football played by sides born out of Rinus Michels ' Ajax and Holland sides of the 1970s . Chelsea were 4-0 in front at the break , by which time Willian had also hit the bar twice . Jose 's side completely outplayed and outpassed one of the better footballing sides in the division . So do n't be too harsh on Chelsea , on their way to the title it 's hell to watch them right now . But Mourinho 's men have taken us to heaven enough times this season to keep the critics off their backs .