A former prison is being turned into a hotel where it 's hoped guests wo n't mind being locked up for the night . The jail , once home to men and women detained for petty crimes , will now provide a luxury night 's stay for guests looking for a room steeped in history . The Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool , and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel where guests wo n't mind spending the night . The grotty jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes , and is now undergoing a dramatic facelift . The rooms have being transformed into bright and airy abodes , a far cry from the desolate and dark cells they once were . The prison was completely secure and a plaque on the wall , which remains in the reception area today , reads : ` Please do not ask for bail because a refusal often offends . ' But the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls , exposing traditional brickwork and original iron work features and the exercise yard , once open to the elements , has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space . The quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms , LED Smart TV 's and art work of famous ex-cons . Bridewell Prison was constructed in 1857-1859 by Corporation Surveyor John Weightman , and was originally designed as a police station and courts complex for the Corporation of Liverpool . The development has maintained much of the historic character of the prison , while offering chic style and comfort . Rooms come complete with photos of former inmates , as well as a kettle and right , spikes that were used as anti climbers in what would of been the courtyard which is now being transformed into a lounge . How the cells used to look like ; but now they are somewhat more inspiring and will offer a better night 's sleep . At different times , it had 60-90 cells , each measuring 7ft x 7ft with a heavy wooden door , 3ft thick brick walls and stone floors . Each cell had a toilet that was positioned at the end of a wooden bench where a prisoner would have to sleep . There were tunnels underneath the prison , leading to the old courts at St George 's Hall and directly to the docks . These still remain , although it is thought they have been blocked over the years . The development is the latest project by staycentral.com - a new Liverpool-based hotel chain . It 's due to open in the Spring and will host weekend music and leisure events , pop-up bars and business networking meetings . The quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms . The prison was completely secure and a plaque on the wall , which remains in the reception area today , reads : ` Please do not ask for bail because a refusal often offends ' The exercise yard , once open to the elements , has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space . The Grade II listed building housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . Lee Darwen , operations director for staycentral.com , said : ` The walls are super thick with layers of original British bond brick and the doors are solid oak , so there is no danger of being woken by noisy neighbours . ` Bridewell is n't just any normal first opening ; it 's steeped in history , it 's in a brilliant location and most of all it fits with the ethos of the modern micro-hotel concept which staycentral.com will roll out nationwide in the coming years . ` The concept behind staycentral.com is to give both weekend city revellers and mid-week professionals - the so-called Millennials - centrally located , space-efficient crash pads with fast free Wi-Fi , at affordable rates all through the year . ` Bridewell has such historical significance in Liverpool and we are looking forward to welcoming our first guests and forming it 's new future as a hotel . ' Picture shows Inspector D Gunn , C Williams , Chief Inspector Morris and Inspector Winkles who worked at Bridewell . The new look is a far cry to how the building used to look in its days as a prison in Liverpool . The thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls , exposing traditional brickwork and original iron work features .