Ed Balls was today accused of ` letting the cat out of the bag ' on tax rises after leaving the door open to trapping more middle-class workers in the 40p tax rate . In an interview the shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books by lowering the amount workers have to earn before they pay the higher income tax rate . The number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades , but the Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power . Scroll down for video . Shadow chancellor Ed Balls , pictured giving a speech in Glasgow today , has repeatedly refused to rule out using the point at which the higher income tax rate kicks in to raise money to balance the books . The Shadow Chancellor was joined by the Scottish Labour Leader Jim Murphy at the Royal Concert hall in Glasgow today . Labour has vowed not to increase VAT or National Insurance as part of measures to bring down the deficit if they win the election . But pressed on income tax , Mr Balls refused to rule out freezing or lowering the threshold to raise millions from people earning more than £ 41,865 . In an interview on ITV Westcountry , Mr Balls was asked if was ` leaving the door open tonight to changing the tax thresholds that mean people in that 40 per cent bracket could be paying more tax under you ' . The shadow chancellor refused to rule it out : ` What I would like to do is find ways in which I could have fewer people in the 40 per cent tax bracket . Of course I would . ` But I have to be honest with people . The deficit is going to be £ 90 billion . I have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful , and staged and balanced way . ' He said he would not be ` raising the higher rate of income tax ' but left open the possibility of holding or lowering the point at which it kicks in . ` What I can not do is go through every detail of the tax system . It 's really complicated . ` I am not going to make unfunded commitment to do so , because I fear in the end that will be a VAT rise from the Tories . You wo n't get that from me . ' Pressed on whether he plans to change the income tax bands , Mr Balls said : ` I ca n't go through every detail . ' He went on : ` I can make a promise not to increase the basic rate of income tax or the higher rate of income tax . The threshold is also an important detail and that 's complex . ' Chancellor George Osborne , visiting the Marston 's Brewery in Wolverhampton with David Cameron today . claimed Mr Balls had ` let the cat out of the bag . The number of people paying 40p tax has already risen by about two million to five million in two decades . Chancellor George Osborne said : ` Ed Balls has let the cat out of the bag and confirmed a tax assault on middle earners . He has confirmed that he and Ed Miliband will put up taxes on middle Britain . It is part of Labour 's £ 3,000 tax rise for working families . ` By contrast , the Conservative plan is to increase to £ 50,000 the threshold at which people pay the higher rate of tax . So there is a clear choice . ` Economic security and lower taxes with David Cameron and our long-term economic plan . Or economic chaos and higher taxes under Ed Miliband . ' David Cameron has warned the 40p tax rate is hitting too many people on ` middle incomes ' . The Prime Minister claims it is wrong that millions of people doing normal jobs like teaching are now paying a tax rate that was ` only ever meant for the better off ' . The Conservatives go into the election pledging to raise the threshold for paying 40p tax from £ 41,865 to £ 50,000 by 2020 . Workers would also pay no income tax on the first £ 12,500 they earn . But Labour says the policy is a £ 7billion unfunded tax cut at a time when billions are needed in spending cuts . A Labour spokesman said : ` Under the Tories around 2 million more people have been dragged into the 40p tax band , but Labour supported the increases in the 40p threshold in the recent Budget . ` Tory promises to raise the 40p threshold further are completely unfunded and will cost billions of pounds . Together with their extreme spending plans , these unfunded commitments will mean the Tories end up raising VAT again and cutting the NHS . ` When we make tax promises , such as introducing a lower 10p starting rate of tax to help millions on middle and low incomes , we have set out where the money is coming from . ` Working people are paying more under this government , which is why the only tax changes we are proposing are on the very richest in society like reversing the Tory tax cut for millionaires . '