While Robin van Persie 's career appears to be on the wane , but his son Shaqueel could have a bright future ahead of him in the goal scoring -LRB- and celebrating -RRB- stakes . The seven-year-old , who has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert , showed he has inherited some of his father 's skills after being filmed scoring with a ` scorpion kick ' in his back garden . Van Persie Snr . posted the video on his Instagram account , which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former Colombia keeper Rene Higuita before celebrating with some Grease-inspired dance moves - much to the amusement of his dad . Although the Holland international roars with approval at the goal he referenced his part in the acrobatic goal with the caption : ` Great trick shot by Shaqueel ! GOOOOOOALLLLLL Yessssssss lovely assist though ' . Shaqueel van Persie waits for his father to lay up a pass fpor him in his back garden . The seven-year-old performs a so-called scorpion kick by leaping forward to kick the ball behind his back . Van Persie Snr roars with approval after his son 's strike finds the back of the net . The youngster has his dad in stitches with what appears to be a goal celebration inspired by the film Grease . Meanwhile , the Manchester United forward will reportedly be offered £ 5million to leave Old Trafford in the summer . The 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £ 250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford , but United officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £ 10m loyalty bonus -- agreed when he signed from Arsenal in 2012 -- to free up wages for another striker . Italian giants Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move and United bosses are willing to take a cut-price fee , as they realise Van Persie will have to take a pay cut to join a Serie A side . Manchester United will reportedly offer Van Persie £ 5million to quit the club this summer . The Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season , but has still managed 10 Premier League goals . Colombia No 1 Rene Higuita famously performed a scorpion kick against England at Wembley .