A family of four are lucky to be alive after a bedroom ceiling collapsed in their home . The damage was just part of the destruction caused by cowboy builders who had been called in to fix a leak in the Beckle-Raymond 's three bedroom property in North London . Instead , they left Phillip , his wife Gaby and their two young children , Orion and Aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with £ 17,000 of their money . Scroll down for video . Phillip and Gaby outside their London home which was left a wreck thanks to cowboy builders . ` When the builders walked out , we only had tarpaulin protecting the house throughout winter , ' Gaby explains on Channel 5 show Britain 's Horror Homes . ` When it rained , water started coming in , it was raining inside our house . The box room caved in , the bathroom became bowed , the ceiling will fall in the children 's room . ` The most terrifying experience was the ceiling falling in the bedroom where we used to sleep . It collapsed where our bed used to be . We were n't in room at time thankfully . ' For six months , the family were forced to live in one room of the house as they could n't afford to get the problems fixed straight away , having already shelled out to the cowboy builders who left them in the lurch . Phillip , a civil servant , said : ` The house was crumbling around us , we had to turn off the lights as water was getting into electricity , it was that time of year when it was getting dark at 4 pm , it was miserable . I hated leaving Gaby and the children like that when I had to go to work . ' Phillip and Gaby had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for £ 325,000 . The builders left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house from the winter elements . As a result , rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse . The parents say they are devastated at being ` taken for a ride ' . It will cost £ 35,000 to repair their home . As they started a family , they worked hard to turn the house into a happy and comfortable place to raise their children . When they sprung a small leak in part of the roof , they called in a builder who recommended they re-tile the roof at a cost of about £ 3,000 . But after removing all the tiles , he then told them that the roof structure was unsound so he would n't be able to re-tile . He suggested they use the opportunity to expand their home and add value to the property by adding a loft conversion . The couple thought it was great idea and decided to use a sub contractor their builder recommended and pay a £ 7,000 deposit for the work . Gaby said : ` The first builder appeared to be trustyworthy and was very professional , very likable . ` We did n't have time to check out the sub contractor he recommended as we were without a roof which we needed to be fixed . ' A back view of the property shows how the garden was left looking like a rubbish tip while the house had no roof . The family had to live in one room for six months as they could n't afford the repairs . So far the couple had paid the first builder £ 10,000 in total - and had a home with no roof to show for it . After the sub contractor began to work on their home , the first builder then disappeared . Phillip said : ` We heard from sub contractor that the builder 's uncle was sick in Ireland so he was going there - we never hard from him again . ' Meanwhile , the sub contractor began work on their loft conversion after asking for £ 7,000 for materials and labour . But as the sub contractor got to work , the couple became suspicious about his competency . Gaby said : ` He was trying to build a loft conversion without steel supports - which we had paid for . ` That 's when we realised he was trying to take us for a ride like the first guy . ' Phillip added : ` When we told him it was n't acceptable , he walked off the job . We were left with a roof no longer salvageable . ' Shocking : The collapse of the roof left their home filled with rubble . Daylight : With the tiles gone , the family were left with bare rafters and no protection from the elements . The couple were unable to contact the first builder and have reported the sub contractor to Trading Standards . They have been left devastated by the state of their home - as well as £ 17,000 out of pocket . ` We have lost the home we have been building over the last few years , our whole house has been destroyed , it 's been a living nightmare . We wish they have never knocked on our door , ' Gabby wept . ` I just want it fixed . I still ca n't believe someone would leave me my husband and our two children in so much danger . They did n't need to leave us in such an unsafe way . ' But the family 's trust in humanity has been partly restored thanks to the friends , family and strangers who rallied round to help them . A friend set up a fundraising page so people can donate money to help the couple reach the £ 35,000 they will need to repair their home . Unsafe : The family are devastated that they have been left to live in an unsafe home . Damage : A local builder Darren Louis has been helping the family to clear up the mess left behind . A local builder , Darren Louis , has been working on the property at weekends - so far without payment - so the family have a roof over their heads again . He said : I wanted to help as this is my trade and they are a lovely family . They did n't need to do the work in the first place , they were scaremongered into it and then left with a house that 's unsafe . ' Gaby said : ` I feel terrible he 's coming here and we have n't paid him . He 's coming in trust that we will come through with money in the end . ' Phillip said it 's thanks to their friends , family and neighbours they have got through their ordeal . He said : ` We were left thinking `` can we trust anyone anymore ? '' and now we know we can . '