Four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window . The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30 am on January 12 . CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall , West Midlands , and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows . Four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird , thought to be in the bag above , and throwing another out of a window in Walsall , West Midlands , on January 12 . The birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog , Walsall Magistrates Court heard . One resident reported that a dead bird was posted through his letterbox while others were dropped through windows . Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month . Chad Worgan , from Walsall , admitted an offence of receiving stolen goods and causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal on the basis that he kicked a pigeon . The 19-year-old knew the animals were in the bags and had a ` sick grin across his face ' as he appearing to grab one of the perched birds and visibly squeeze it , the court heard . Thomas Knox , from Bloxwich , denied the same charges . A dog belonging to Knox , also 19 , was let into the flat to terrorise the birds , it was revealed . Jake Higgs , 23 , from Bloxwich , admitted receiving stolen goods but denied causing unnecessary suffering . A 16-year-old from Erdington , Birmingham , also attended but can not be named for legal reasons . The birds were also jammed into drawers , shoved through barely open windows -LRB- above -RRB- , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog , Walsall Magistrates Court heard . All four were found guilty of the charges after a trial last week . One of the men -LRB- above -RRB- can be seen with a grin on his face during the attack . All four were found guilty of the charges after a trial last week . Bob Thomas , chairman of the bench , said their actions amounted to ` joint enterprise ' . He added : ` They arrive with a dog and are seen to be carrying a variety of bags and containers . These are emptied by them and both a large number of dead and live birds are seen . ` The CCTV shows all of them entering the property together and all playing some part in the birds ' suffering . ` We are satisfied that they were all aware of the contents of the bags . ' A spokesman for West Midlands Police said : ` The birds were stolen from an aviary in the Brownhills area in the early hours of January 12 . ` They were then taken to Dolphin House where they were emptied onto the landing area of the block . ' The birds were stolen from rare bird breeder Lee Williams who had built up his collection of rare jays , finches , doves , budgerigars , quails and pigeons over a number of years . In 2008 , the dad-of-two considered giving up his passion after 270 animals worth £ 4,000 were stolen . Speaking at the time , his wife Michelle said : ` This has devastated him . His bird breeding plays a major part of his life . '