Comedian Dom Joly proved he still had work to do on his diving despite training from Tom Daley , after making a real splash in the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race in Brazil . The 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg , from Itajaí to Newport , Rhode Island , U.S. . As the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels . Joly , who is also a travel writer , shone with a flying leap off race leaders Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing 's boat , skippered by his compatriot , Ian Walker . Dom Joly soars like a bird as he leaps from the yacht in Brazilian waters . But the action turns more into a jump than a dive as the water comes nearer . It 's feet first on this one as the comedian plunges into the depths . Earlier , Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by Britain 's Olympic medallist , Tom Daley , for TV show Splash ! However this jump was more ` tourist abroad ' than diving expert . The daredevil Joly earlier climbed the 30-metre -LRB- 100-foot -RRB- mast of the racing boat for a special ` selfie ' pic before it set out to sea . The Volvo Ocean Race started last October from Alicante , Spain and is currently in its sixth leg . It will visit 11 ports in total and cover 38,739 miles before finishing in Gothenburg , Sweden , on June 27 . The comedian and travel writer joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for the world yacht race . Dom Joly climbed the mast for an impressive selfie in Brazil - but then claimed he was stuck . The boats are expected to take around 17-20 days to reach Newport , the seventh port to host the race . No British sailor has won the 41-year-old race , which was originally launched in Portsmouth as the Whitbread Round the World Race . The race started on October 4 , 2014 , day of the first In-Port Race in Alicante , Spain , and will finish with one last In-Port Race on June 27 , 2015 in Gothenburg , the Swedish home of Volvo . Dom Joly is pictured walking out with the rest of the Abu Dhabi team . The 38,739-nautical mile route will include stopovers in Cape Town -LRB- South Africa -RRB- , Abu Dhabi -LRB- UAE -RRB- , Sanya -LRB- China -RRB- , Auckland -LRB- New Zealand -RRB- , Itajaí -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , Newport -LRB- Rhode Island , US -RRB- , Lisbon -LRB- Portugal -RRB- and Lorient -LRB- France -RRB- . A 24-hour pit-stop in The Hague is scheduled between France and Sweden . The previous Volvo Ocean Race started in October 2011 in Alicante and was won by Groupama sailing team , skippered by Frenchman Franck Cammas , in July 2012 .