An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but , instead of writing a ticket , the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels . The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot . The officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off . And this is n't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment . In the recent Ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra , but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs . Scroll down for video . Unorthodox : A cop ordered a woman in this Ohio shopping center to sit in her hot car this month after officers discovered her dog locked inside her Nissan Sentra as she shopped in Walmart . In Truth or Consequences , New Mexico last June , the pet owner in question was n't as eager to put the incident behind her . Shelly Nicholas filed a report against an officer who told her to sit in her car after someone called to report a dog was inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat . Nicholas reasoned that she 'd only been away ten minutes . ` You can wait in the truck and close the door you know , since it 's not that hot , ' the officer is heard saying to Nicholas in body camera footage later obtained by KOB . However , in her report , Nicholas characterizes the officers words as an ` order ' and the footage does not show her actually sitting in the hot car as police wrote her a ticket . Sweating it out : Last year , Shelly Nicholas in Truth or Consequences , New Mexico was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation . She filed a report against the officers , but body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order . Declined to do it : Nicholas declined to sit in the the hot car with the door closed in spite of the officer 's request . While this may not be a legitimate police practice , officers have reason for concern in these situations , according to the American Veterinary Medical Association . While Nicholas argued she 'd only been gone 10 minutes , the AVMA says that temperatures can rise 20F inside a car in that short amount of time . In 20 minutes , the temperature can rise by nearly 30 degrees . Even on a 70F day , writes the AVMA , the interior of a car can reach 110F after one hour . Even short periods in such heat can cause heat stroke and irreversible organ damage in your dog . h/t Huffington Post .