A 33-year-old Palestinian man says he has been ` duped ' into selling a valuable work created by acclaimed British graffiti artist Banksy for less than £ 100 . The popular street artist is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year , leaving behind four murals - including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe cowering amid the rubble . That painting , titled ` Bomb Damage , ' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the Dardouna family in northern Gaza . But unaware that Banksy 's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds , Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for just £ 100 . But having been told of its true value , Mr Dardouna is now demanding the decorated door is returned . In place : The painting , titled ` Bomb Damage , ' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the Dardouna family in northern Gaza . Unaware that Banksy 's works have been valued for hundreds of thousands of pounds , Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door -LRB- left -RRB- for just £ 100 . Pictured is how the door frame looks now . Speaking of the sale , Mr Dardouna said : ` I did not know that it was this valuable . I heard it can be sold for millions . Now I want the door back . ' Artwork : Belal Khaled agreed to show reporters the mural on condition that its location not be revealed . He admitted , however , that he still has no idea who Banksy and struggles to pronounce his name . Meanwhile the Gaza artist who bought the door , Belal Khaled , said he did not mean to trick anyone , had no intention of profiting from the purchase and simply wanted to protect the painting . ` I bought the painting to protect its artistic value and preserve it from damage , ' he said . ` Another reason is to display it in other places as well . I do n't have any monetary interest in this . ' Mr Khaled added that he has been in touch with Banksy 's representatives , hoping to get a clearance to showcase the mural in Gaza art exhibits . The debate over the issue has heated up on Facebook , with Palestinian activists and journalists accusing the buyer of tricking the Dardounas family while others have defended him for buying it legally and not simply stealing it from the unguarded bomb site . Mr Khaled agreed to show reporters the mural on condition that its location not be revealed . The Dardouna home was one of 18,000 destroyed in the 50-day war between Israel and Gaza 's Hamas rulers last summer . Vacant : A Palestinian school girl walks past the now empty door frame , which is still seen standing amid the rubble of a destroyed Dardouna family in northern Gaza . Banksy is a critic of Israel and he has created works in Gaza and the West Bank meant to draw attention to the plight of the Palestinians . Other Banksy works spotted in Gaza after the mystery visit were a mural of a playful kitten and of children swinging from a military watchtower . On a previous visit to the region the artist drew a painting of a girl pulled upward by balloons on Israel 's West Bank separation barrier .