Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez . The Mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid and spoke this week about how at times his confidence has been ` left in tatters ' . Southampton , Lazio , Stoke City and West Ham are also interested in signing him in the summer but the prospect of Champions League football with the ambitious Bundesliga side could prove tempting . Bundesliga club Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez . Hernandez has endured a frustrating season at Real Madrid , and Stoke and West Ham are now keen on him . Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress and have considered the likes of Everton 's Romelu Lukaku but he would cost £ 30million-plus . Hernandez could be bought for around £ 8m as he has just one year remaining on his United contract . The German club have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City . The Bosnia captain is an option for Juventus too who have sounded out his representatives about figures . City , however , have yet to decide whether they will definitely let Dzeko go . Juventus are looking to offload Fernando Llorente while Carlos Tevez could return to Boca Juniors . Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker and have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City . United , meanwhile , are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira . Paris Saint-Germain , Juventus , PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord have all made contact with the teenage midfielder 's father Marcos after the 19-year-old rejected United 's opening offer . Pereira is out of contract in the summer and unsure of his role under Louis van Gaal as the Dutch coach continues to look for new players to add to his squad . United are understood to have made a revised contract to Andreas Pereira after he rejected their first offer . PSG also retain a strong interest in Angel di Maria but United are reluctant to sell . PSG particularly want Paul Pogba from Juventus but his purchase will make it difficult for them to sign more than one marquee player under FFP guidelines unless they offload several of their current first team . Javier Pastore , Blaise Matuidi , Adrien Rabiot and Gregory van der Wiel are among those that could be sacrificed . Angel di Maria only arrived at United last summer so they are reluctant to submit to Paris Saint-Germain . PSG want Paul Pogba from Juventus as well as Di Maria but Financial Fair Play rules could restrict them . Liverpool still anticipate goalkeeper Norberto Neto will join Juventus . Brendan Rodgers earmarked the 25-year-old Argentine in December as the man they wanted to provide competition for Simon Mignolet and the fact the Fiorentina keeper is out of contract meant he fell within their budget requirements . They made attempts to sign him in January but were told he had a verbal agreement with Juventus who want him to replace Gianluigi Buffon . Further talks were held last month and the indications were that the player would still be signing for the Serie A champions elect . However , his agent Stefano Castagna has grown impatient that Juventus have not yet wrapped up the finer details . Liverpool still anticipate Fiorentina goalkeeper Norberto Neto will join Juventus rather than them . ` The only thing that is official is that Neto will not be staying in Florence , ' Castagna told Gazzetta TV . ` Since February 1 , when it became possible to talk to other clubs , we 've been evaluating offers that are interesting for the lad , in England , Germany and Spain in addition to Italy . ` There are many European clubs interested in Neto , such as for example Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain . We have not made a definitive decision , but in any case he will not accept another loan move elsewhere . Brendan Rodgers earmarked the Argentine as the man they wanted to provide competition for Simon Mignolet . ` All the top clubs have a very strong reserve goalkeeper . Going to play for one of the best sides in the world you know there 's going to be another keeper to challenge for a position . ' Liverpool will check again . They want a keeper , midfielder , striker and possibly a right back for the summer with James Milner and Danny Ings among targets . Real Sociedad remain very much in the hunt for Burnley striker Ings . Although Liverpool , Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown varying degrees of interest in the England Under 21 international they have yet to sign him up as they consider other options also . Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others but Sociedad have remained constant from the start . The 23-year-old knows he can play regularly there , will be watched with interest by England coach Roy Hodgson and will get the money he wants . Sociedad manager David Moyes has taken the club into the top half of La Liga and intends to build on that in the summer and Ings could prove a key acquisition . Danny Ings is out of contract in the summer and has interest from Spain , Germany and top English clubs . Tottenham , Liverpool , Sunderland and West Ham are watching Verona utility player Jacopo Sala . The 23-year-old Italian came through the ranks at Chelsea but failed to break through and followed Frank Arnesen to Hamburg before returning to Italy . He has since impressed particularly as a right wing back but has looked impressive in midfield also . The Italy U21 international is open to a move should Verona receive suitable bids . Liverpool are weighing up options with Glen Johnson due to leave and Barcelona showing an interest Javier Manquilo who is on loan from Atletico Madrid . Tottenham , Liverpool , Sunderland and West Ham are watching former Chelsea youngster Jacopo Sala . Nedum Onouha is being tracked by West Ham , Stoke , Everton and Hull City . The QPR centre-back is one of several players poised to leave should the Loftus Road club go down as they consider streamlining their squad . The 28-year-old has 15 months left on contract and has played regularly under Chris Ramsey . QPR defender Nedum Onouha is being tracked a host of clubs including West Ham , Stoke , Everton and Hull . Onuoha was signed by Mark Hughes and the Stoke boss is interested in taking the former Manchester City defender to the Britannia Stadium . Onouha is versatile and his Premier League experience makes him an attractive option for the Steve Bruce at Hull while West Ham and Everton have him on their lists as they consider various options for summer re-building . West Bromwich Albion will make a £ 3m move for Wales international left back Neil Taylor this summer . Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old who has impressed several Premier League managers over the past few years including Brendan Rodgers at Liverpool and Alan Pardew at Crystal Palace . However , Tony Pulis is keen to jump in and show his desire to sign the stylish defender ahead of what could be a busy summer at the Hawthorns . West Bromwich Albion will make a £ 3m move for Wales international left back Neil Taylor this summer . Pulis has been forced to play Joleon Lescott at left-back after failing to sign Martin Olsson from Norwich on January deadline day and wants Taylor to provide more natural balance to his side . Albion , meanwhile , remain in talks with potential investors over a possible takeover . Stoke want to make their loan deal for Victor Moses into a permanent one . Chelsea are willing to sell as they look to balance the books ahead of more summer signings with Shakhtar 's Douglas Costa , who they tried to sign in January , and Real Madrid 's Raphael Varane on their wishlist . They will also monitor developments with Theo Walcott and Raheem Sterling though neither Arsenal or Liverpool intend to sell at this stage . Stoke City have had Victor Moses on loan from Chelsea this season and now want him permanently . Chelsea are willing to sell as they look to balance the books in their pursuit of Shakhtar 's Douglas Costa . Crystal Palace are maintaining an interest in Celtic defender Efe Ambrose . The 26-year-old was the subject of a failed £ 3m bid by Olympiacos in January and has one year remaining on contract . Ambrose , who is 6ft 3ins tall and can also play at right back , is willing to consider a fresh challenge and Celtic would sell for around £ 3m in the summer . They are also braced for offers from Southampton and Sunderland for Virgil Van Dijk . Efe Ambrose is willing to consider a fresh challenge and Celtic would sell for around £ 3m in the summer . Burnley are among clubs monitoring Newcastle loan star Haris Vuckic . The 22-year-old Slovenian , who was one of five Newcastle players to be loaned to Rangers in January , has been a big success for the Ibrox club and is discussing the possibility of another season on loan should they gain promotion from the Championship . However , English sides are also monitoring his progress with Newcastle willing to listen to offers for a player who has one year left on contract . Haris Vuckic has been a big success for Rangers but Newcastle would consider for him from Burnley . Huddersfield Town and Celtic are keeping a watching brief on Millwall 's Alan Dunne . The 32-year-old club captain has amassed over 330 games for the Championship side and is a firm favourite with fans for his no-nonsense defending which has also seen him receive ten red cards in a colourful career . Huddersfield and Celtic are keeping a watching brief on Millwall captain , and one-club man , Alan Dunne . Dublin-born Dunne has been with Millwall since he was eight years old but will weigh up his options in the summer with clubs looking for cover in defence and the combative competition he brings . Dunne , who can play right-back or right midfield , has played 38 games this season and scored twice .