The UK is to open its first three proton beam therapy centres after cancer-stricken five-year-old Ashya King made a miracle recovery after receiving the treatment . Cardiff-based Proton Partners International Ltd , is to open the treatment centres , which will be available to NHS cancer patients , in Cardiff , London and Northumberland by 2017 , with the first in the Welsh capital being operational by next year . The announcement comes just weeks after the parents of brain cancer sufferer Ashya told of how he was given the ` all-clear ' after receiving proton bean therapy at a centre in Prague . Scroll down for video . Five-year-old Ashya King , pictured in October , who suffered from brain cancer but has recently been given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy . Three centres in the UK in Cardiff , London and Northumberland , are set to open offering proton beam therapy , which Ashya , pictured , received . Both Brett and Naghmeh King sparked an international manhunt last year after taking their son out of hospital in Southampton , without doctors ' consent . Mr and Mrs King had wanted their son to have the cutting-edge therapy instead of conventional chemotherapy and radiotherapy . Fearing that Ashya would be taken away from them and given the treatment , the family fled to Spain before travelling to the Czech Republic to the Proton Therapy Centre . Now , a group called Proton Partners International has now been formed in the UK following discussions between Professor Sir Chris Evans , the life sciences entrepreneur and UK life sciences and healthcare investors . They have committed almost £ 100million equity finance into the company . Professor Gordon McVie , senior consultant at the European Institute of Oncology , has been appointed chairman of the group , and Professor Karol Sikora has agreed to become chief medical adviser to the company , alongside a range of renowned cancer and healthcare experts . Ashya , with his parents Brett and Naghmeh . The Kings defiantly fled to Spain in a bid to get Ashya to the Proton Therapy Centre in Prague and protect him from the devastating side effects of NHS treatment . Professor McVie said : ` This is an exciting and important development of the provision of cancer treatment in the UK . As things stand , patients who benefit from this treatment have to go abroad for treatment , often at great expense to the NHS . ` The creation of these centres will go a long way to ensuring the very best of treatment is available in the UK . ' While Sir Chris added : ` We are delighted that the UK 's first centre will be based in Cardiff and Wales Life Sciences Investment Fund is proud to support this breakthrough . While conventional radiotherapy uses high energy beams of radiation to destroy cancerous cells , often damaging surrounding tissue , proton beam therapy aims radiation directly at the tumour . Because it is so highly targeted it means it can avoid healthy tissue , particularly tissues and organs behind the tumour . While radiotherapy can lead to side effects such as nausea and can sometimes disrupt how some organs function , proton beam therapy has a lower risk of side effects . This means it is effective for treating cancer that affects critical areas , such as brain cancer . However , Cancer Research UK estimates that only one in 100 people would be suitable for proton beam therapy and there are also concerns that the long-term impact of the nascent procedure is not yet known . The only proton beam facility currently in operation is at the Clatterbridge Centre for Cancer NHS Foundation Trust in the Wirral , Merseyside , which delivers ` low energy ' therapy for rare cancers around the eye . The NHS currently pays for those deemed appropriate for proton beam therapy to go to the United States for treatment . They must be assessed by a panel who may decide patients are not suitable if there is unlikely to be a clinical benefit from the treatment . More than 400 patients have been sent abroad since 2008 - most of these children - at an average cost of £ 100,000 per patient . ` There are more than 150,000 people treated for cancer each year in the UK and the demand for treatment is growing . ` It is anticipated that NHS demand for proton beam therapy abroad will reach 1,500 patients by 2017 . Proton Partners will be able to play a leading part in helping meet demand in the UK as of next year . ' In addition to state of the art Proton Partners ' treatment services , the Cardiff centre will provide conventional radiotherapy , chemotherapy and supportive care . Proton beam therapy is a highly-targeted type of radiotherapy that can treat hard-to-reach cancers , such as spinal tumours , with a lower risk of damaging the surrounding tissue and causing side effects . The Government has announced that it is to create two NHS proton beam therapy units which will open in 2018 . The Kings faced every parent 's worst nightmare when their young son was diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumour after suffering a series of mystery symptoms . But the family 's own research into his condition led them to question the need for normal NHS radiotherapy - which would risk massive damage to healthy brain tissue and lead to lifelong disabilities . And despite threats to revoke their parental rights unless they went along with the therapy , the Kings defiantly fled to Spain in a bid to get Ashya to the Proton Therapy Centre in Prague and protect him from the devastating side effects of NHS treatment . They were arrested by European authorities and banned from seeing their sick son , with a High Court judge only approving the move to Prague after they had been released . When he finally arrived at the centre in September last year , Ashya was so sick he was unable to move and had to be fed by tubes . But in October , he was pictured smiling and waving to cameras , thrilled at the prospect of returning to the family holiday home in Malaga , Spain , and finishing his treatment there with his parents and older brother Naveed . Since then , he has continued to make encouraging progress and is enjoying a more normal life . However , despite the treatment and his recovery , Ashya 's parents say they fear their children will be taken into care if they return to the UK , his grandmother said last month .