Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the Barclays Premier League to bed and focus instead on the cold reality of winning at Burnley on Saturday . Arsenal head to Turf Moor in search of what would be an eighth straight league victory , following on from last weekend 's 4-1 triumph over Liverpool . Despite their superb run , which has seen confidence grow after some 15 wins in the last 17 through all competitions , the title remains Chelsea 's to lose , as the leaders currently hold a seven-point advantage and also a match in hand . Nacho Monreal , Theo Walcott , Hector Bellerin and Olivier Giroud appear in good spirits during training . Mesut Ozil shares a joke with Monreal at Arsenal 's training HQ while Alexis Sanchez has his shorts rolled up . Santi Cazorla is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance while Abou Diaby is back from injury . While some Gunners fans may have allowed themselves a little bit of fantasy football results over the run-in , which will see Chelsea come to the Emirates Stadium on April 26 and also play both Manchester United and Liverpool , Wenger remains very much focused on the job in hand . ` I have enough experience to know that I have to live with reality and reality is points and the next game , ' he said . ` The dreams are for everybody - we all have dreams at night , but when I wake up in the morning I have to come here and make sure we give everything to win the next game . ' Wenger continued : ` Chelsea have a difficult schedule , we have a difficult schedule , but what we can only do is master our own schedule . ` What we want is to go as high as we can until the end of the season , give our best and we are also in the semi-final of the FA Cup . ` So we are at an important moment of the Premier League season and it is a period where you show your quality by focusing on the next game and maintain the quality . ` Of course we want to continue to progress and improve - we can learn from victory as well and everything was not perfect in our last game . ' Mathieu Flamini , Ozil and Sanchez are pictured at Arsenal 's London Colney base on Friday . Laurent Koscielny is put through his paces on Friday as he bids to return to full fitness . Jack Wilshere has n't played since November but is in line to feature at Burnley on Saturday evening . Arsenal 's injury problems look to have finally eased , with midfielders Mikel Arteta , Jack Wilshere and Abou Diaby all having stepped up their rehabilitation from injury , along with full-back Mathieu Debuchy . England international Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , though , continues to be hampered by an inflamed groin , while centre-half Laurent Koscielny will face a fitness test on his thigh problem ahead of Saturday 's match . Burnley continue to scrap at the other end of the table , currently second bottom , but only two points from safety . With Manchester City having gone down 1-0 at Turf Moor last month and Tottenham then held to a goalless draw , Wenger is not taking the trip to Lancashire lightly . He said : ` You should n't look at the table because they started slowly , but recently they have played very well against all the big teams in the league and are quite efficient at home . ` You have to be at their level of physical performance , because they will be there . ` On the rest , you want to produce the quality of performance that is expected from us on the technical side , but you have first to fight with them physically , that 's for sure . ` We have to make sure we produce the expected performance on the commitment , on the focus and on the quality of our game . '