A shocking new video appearing to show at least 30 Christians being beheaded and shot by ISIS in Libya has been released . The 29-minute video , titled ` Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence ' , shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive , thought to be in the south and the west of the country . At least 16 men , described by Islamic State as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church ' , are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . This follows another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians on the beach in Libya , though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film . It raises fears that ISIS is consolidating its presence on the ` doorstep of Europe ' , as Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy . Scroll down for video . Thirty Ethiopian Christians appear to have been beheaded and shot by ISIS in a sickening new propaganda video . Above , at least 16 men are marched down a beach in Libya by militants before they are killed . Ethiopia was unable to confirm its citizens were killed in the footage but condemned the ` atrocious act ' , a government official said . The video shows the men at the coast wearing Guantanamo-style orange jumpsuits and being held at the neck by fighters in combats with balaclavas covering their faces . The victims inland are forced to kneel as militants dressed in combats and green masks stand behind them holding rifles . It starts with what it called a ` history of Christian-Muslim relations ' , which includes scenes of militants destroying churches , graves and icons . A masked fighter in black then brandishes a pistol as he vows to kill Christians if they do not convert . In an apparent reference to Ethiopia 's attacks on neighbouring Somalia , whose population is almost entirely Muslim , he says : ` Muslim blood shed under the hands of your religions is not cheap . To the nation of the cross we are now back again . ' The footage , which was released on websites and social media accounts officially linked to ISIS , also cuts to Christians in Syria explaining how they were given the choice of converting to Islam or paying a ` special tax ' . At the end it switches between the two sets of captives - thought to be mainly migrant workers - with one group shot dead at point-blank range and the others beheaded on the beach . The video has not yet been verified . The men - wearing Guantanamo-style orange jumpsuits - are held at the neck and forced to kneel by fighters in combats with balaclavas covering their faces . The men , thought to be migrant works , are described by Islamic State in the video as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church ' The footage also shows around 12 men being shot in a desert area , believed to be in the south of the country , by militants wearing green balaclavas and combats . A masked fighter in black -LRB- right -RRB- brandishing a pistol vows to kill Christians if they do not convert , saying : ` Muslim blood shed under the hands of your religions is not cheap . To the nation of the cross we are now back again ' The victims are forced to kneel in front of the militants -LRB- above -RRB- before being shot at point-blank range simultaneously . The video bore the official logo of the IS media arm Al-Furqan and resembled previous footage released by the extremist group . The militant in black - who is completely covered apart from his eyes - remains flanked by two people holding guns throughout the clip . Ethiopia is a predominantly Christian country with the religion being introduced in the country the 4th century , making it one of the oldest Christian states in the world . The Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church is one of the oldest organized Christian bodies in the world , and more than 40 per cent of the population are members of the church . Around 20 per cent of the population follow other branches of Christianity , a majority being Protestant . Islam was not introduced in the country for another 300 years , and now about one third of Ethiopians identify as Muslim . Initial reports did not make clear who the captives were or when they were captured . The video bore the official logo of the IS media arm Al-Furqan and resembled previous footage released by the extremist group . Redwan Hussein , an Ethiopian government spokesman , said officials were in contact with its embassy in Cairo to verify the video 's authenticity . He said he believed those killed were likely to have been Ethiopian migrants hoping to reach Europe . Libya has become a hub for migrants across Africa hoping to cross the Mediterranean to enter Europe for work and better lives . ` If this is confirmed , it will be a warning to people who wish to risk and travel to Europe though the dangerous route , ' Mr Hussein said . He added that Ethiopia , which does not have an embassy in Libya , would help repatriate Ethiopians if they wanted to leave . Libyan officials were not immediately available for comment . Abba Kaletsidk Mulugeta , an official with the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahdo Church 's Patriarchate Office , said he also believed the victims were likely to have been migrants . ` I believe this is just another case of the IS group killing Christians in the name of Islam . Our fellow citizens have just been killed on a faith-based violence that is totally unacceptable . This is outrageous , ' he said . ` No religion orders the killing of other people , even people from another religion . ' Ethiopia 's options to retaliate remain slim , given its distance from Libya . However , Ethiopian Ambassador to Egypt Mohammed Edrees said his country could partner with Cairo to strike the militants . ` That could be an option , ' Mr Edrees said . ` We will see and explore what is possible to deal with group . ' It comes just two months after the extremist group in Libya beheaded 21 captured Egyptian Christians on a beach -LRB- above -RRB- . The latest video mirrored a film released in February showing militants beheading 21 captured Egyptian Christians on a Libyan beach -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , which immediately drew Egyptian airstrikes on the group 's suspected positions in Libya . Frederic Wehrey , a senior associate for the Middle East Programme at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said : ` The Islamic State in Libya is still focused on this consolidation phase of announcing its presence through these very high-profile executions . But they face some structural limits in terms of how much local support they can get because they have n't captured real revenue streams . ' It comes just two months after IS militants filmed themselves beheading 21 captured Egyptian Christians on a similar beach , which immediately drew Egyptian airstrikes on the group 's suspected positions in Libya . ISIS has been able to gain a foothold amid chaos in Libya , where two governments backed by rival alliances of militias are battling each other as well as extremist groups . The group is also advancing in Iraq , where it has captured three villages near the city of Ramadi . Islamic State fighters , pictured carrying flags and dressed in black , have been able to gain a foothold amid the chaos in Libya . More than 90,000 people have fled the ISIS 's advance in Anbar , a United Nations humanitarian agency said earlier this morning . The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in a statement that civilians are fleeing Ramadi as well as the three nearby villages captured by the IS group a few days ago . Lise Grande , the UN humanitarian coordinator for Iraq , said : ` Our top priority is delivering life-saving assistance to people who are fleeing - food , water and shelter are highest on the list of priorities . ' Iraqi officials in Anbar have described Ramadi as a ghost town , with empty streets and closed shops . Iraqi troops backed by Shiite militias and U.S.-led airstrikes managed to dislodge ISIS , which controls large parts of Iraq and Syria and wants to redraw the map of the Middle East , from the northern city of Tikrit earlier this month . But the troops have struggled against the militants in Anbar , which saw some of the heaviest fighting of the eight-year U.S. military intervention that ended in 2011 . Elsewhere today , the US-led coalition said Kurdish forces recaptured 11 villages in Iraq 's Kirkuk province from ISIS following days of intense clashes . The coalition said the area of about 25 square miles -LRB- 65 square kilometers -RRB- was south of the city of Kirkuk .