The 19-year-old , named locally as Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld -LRB- above -RRB- from Stamford hill , London , was pulled from the water in Hampstead Heath , north London , after getting into difficulty while swimming . Police officers ` watched ' as a group of teenagers desperately tried to save their friend who drowned in Hampstead Heath pond , it has been claimed . Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld , 19 , from Stamford Hill , London , had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25C when he got into difficulty . An eyewitness has said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend . The teenagers were reportedly heard shouting to ambulance crews on the side , asking how long someone could survive under water as they scrambled around trying to save their friend . It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water . His body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water 's edge just before 11 pm on Wednesday - nearly six hours after he was reported in trouble at 5.30 pm . James Eisen , a 43-year-old freelance journalist , said : ` I was walking past and I could see a lot of commotion going on over the far side of the pond . ` The guy 's friends were going in and out of the water and holding their breath and diving under frantically . ` There were police officers and paramedics and firefighters on the bank just standing there watching while the boys dived under . There was at least seven police officers on the side . ` It was a chaotic and surreal scene . ` I heard one of the boys shouting to one of the ambulance crews and asking how long someone could survive under water without breathing as they continued swimming around in a panic . ` I 'm guessing the emergency services are told not to go into the water but if that 's the case they probably should n't have let the boys carry on swimming about . ` Before I left the police helicopter was flying over and they had launched some boats onto the pond . ' Mr Grunfeld 's family have paid tribute to the teenager , who they described as a ` wonderful ' and ` friendly ' man , but said there was no blame because they believed that was the way God was meant to ` take him . ' Mr Greenfeld , who is from the Orthodox Jewish community and is thought to have lost his Rabbi father to cancer five years ago , had recently flown home to London from New York , where he was studying religion at a Jewish college . Tragically , he only returned the UK to be with his family during the Passover holiday . His sister , who asked not be named , said : ` He was a wonderful young man and lovely brother who was very well liked , friendly , and he will be dearly missed by his family and friends . ` He was very into studies but he was very fun to be with and he would always try to lend a hand . '' Police , specialist divers and 30 firefighters scoured the water for the missing teenager and his body was found five foot below the surface just before 11 pm last night . He got into difficulty while swimming with four friends . ` We believe that whatever God does is for the good , so if that 's the way he -LSB- God -RSB- was meant to take him -LSB- Moses -RSB- then it must be good for him and for us , because it was meant to be . ` So there 's no blame , no pointing , because what was meant to happen , happened , and there was nothing anybody could have done to avoid it . ' Speaking of the police response she added : ` Of course we would have liked it if they could have got their quicker . But we really appreciate what the police have done and they treated us and our religious beliefs with respect . ` They waited for Jewish men to come -LSB- to the pond -RSB- to handle the body , and we really appreciate that . ' The group had been swimming outside of the designated area and out of hours at a time when no lifeguards were on duty , it was claimed . Members of his family gathered at the edge of the large pond -- which had been packed in the day with sunbathers -- as specialist divers from the Marine Policing Unit and around 30 firefighters scoured the water for him . Emergency services workers could be seen taking a stretcher into the park after the discovery of the body . The tragedy came on the hottest day of the year so far as temperatures reached 25.1 C at St James 's Park in the capital and in Frittenden , Kent . It is believed Mr Greenfeld may have suffered a heart attack brought on by the sudden change in body temperature after diving into the chilly 8C pond , the Evening Standard reported . A friend of Mr Greenfeld told the newspaper : ` He arrived with pals after driving up from Hackney . They got here after 5 pm and the lifeguard was not on duty . ` I think Moses got into difficulty in the shallow part of the pond but there 's a steep drop-off . They recovered his clothes from the side of the pond . ` His mother is devastated . He lost his father to cancer when he was young . ' The boys had entered the water after the 4.30 pm closure wearing what Mr Eisen described as boxers or swimming shorts . He was seen scrambling in a 10ft deep section of the pond and shouting for help before he disappeared under the surface . Emergency services were called just after 5.30 pm and a subsequent search involved 30 firefighters , a police marine unit and a police helicopter . The young man 's body was eventually pulled out at about 11 pm after extensive searches of the murky water . The heath is controlled by the Corporation of London and a spokesman said that officers had not entered the water to try and save the drowning teenager . Last night , members of Mr Grenfeld 's family gathered at the edge of the large pond -- which had been packed in the day with sunbathers -- as specialist police divers and around 30 firefighters scoured the water for him . Members of the Hatzola team , a group which provides 24/7 emergency care and ambulance services in London , were also called to the scene , along with a police helicopter , specialist divers and about 30 firefighters . A spokesman said : ` The heath constabulary officers are here to enforce bylaws in the park , they are not trained lifeguards and the water is dangerous and very murky , so they are advised they are not to go in until proper assistance arrives . ` He was swimming away from the designated area and out of hours so there were no lifeguards on duty . ` There are signs everywhere warning people not to go into the water at these times . ` Visibility in the water is about six inches , it 's very murky , and you can barely see in front of your face . ` He had swum out over a ten foot drop and was about 20 feet from the side when he experienced difficulty - you have to be a strong swimmer to be out there . ` It is a complete tragedy but these are the facts behind it . ' The Metropolitan Police confirmed a report was now being prepared for the coroner . The heath was full of sunbathers as the incident unfolded yesterday , as dozens of people had gathered to enjoy the unseasonably warm weather . One man , who claimed to be Mr Grenfeld 's uncle , said the teenager had gone swimming with friends . He said : ` He went swimming and he must have struggled and he can not be found . It 's very tragic . They did the surface search and they called it off . The divers are coming in . That will change it from a rescue to a recovery . ' Henna Anaya , who was on the heath with her son at the time of the incident , said : ` There were about four friends , all of them in the water , and they were swimming . I told my son they were just messing around . ` The next minute someone said to me he was going down and waving his arm and telling his friend to help , he was sinking . There were guys jumping in to help . The guy who went in told me that police had asked him to get out of the water . ' Specialist police divers and around 30 firefighters joined the search for a 19-year-old man who got into difficulty while swimming in Hampstead Ponds in Hampstead Heath , north London , yesterday afternoon . Police were initially called to the scene just after 5.30 pm after receiving reports from concerned members of the public that a teenager was in difficulty and under the water . His body was retrieved fromt the lake at 11 pm . Another witness , who did n't wish to be named , said : ` It was right at the other end from where the lifeguard would have been , so by the time he was struggling , it would 've already been too late . ` One woman said she heard the boys shouting for help , but only realised afterwards because at the time she could n't understand what they were saying . ` The emergency services arrived very quickly , but you ca n't make miracles . It 's just a tragedy . ' Andrew Dutton-Parish , a regular swimmer at the Men 's Pond who was also at the heath , added : ` It 's such a sad start to the summer . It 's very rare for anyone to be drowned . ' A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said paramedics arrived on the scene within eight minutes , but the emergency teams , accompanied by a police helicopter , were unable to save the young man . The teenager is the second person to have died while swimming on the heath in the past two years . In August 2013 , photographer Sussie Ahlburg , 51 , from Holborn , drowned in the ladies ' bathing pond . It later emerged she had a heart condition and had been warned not to swim in ` open water ' by a cardiologist . Hampstead Heath has three swimming ponds which can become extremely busy in good weather . Despite temperatures reaching 25C in London yesterday , waters remained cool on the heath , with temperatures recorded at about 8C . Hampstead Ponds in Hampstead Heath , north London -LRB- pictured -RRB- , is a popular spot for residents and tourists .