Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez has been moved to a new prison a week after he was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life behind bars . A state prisons official says Hernandez , 25 , was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Massachusetts . Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013 . Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Scroll down for video . Aaron Hernandez , 25 , was convicted on April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd -LRB- right -RRB- in 2013 . He was sentenced to life in prison . Though Hernandez spent his first week after being convicted at Cedar Junction prison , he was moved on Wednesday to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Shirley , Massachusetts . Sousa-Baranowski Correctional Center is a maximum-security prison about 40 miles west of Boston , Massachusetts . Souza-Baranowski is the state Department of Correction 's newest prison . It opened in 1998 and is about 40 miles west of Boston . It houses more than 1,000 inmates , many of whom are serving life sentences , and is named for two department employees killed during a failed escape attempt in 1972 . Souza-Baranowski is considered the most advanced prison in the state by the state Department of Corrections , according to the Boston Herald . The facility has 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire , according to CNN . Inmates in the prison are sent there because they ` present serious escape risks or pose serious threats to themselves , to other inmates , to staff , or the orderly running of the institution . Supervision of inmates is direct and constant ' . Hernandez 's new prison is about ten minues was from Fort Devens , where Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been held for the last two years . Hernandez will be Souza 's most famous inmate . Larry Levine , a former federal inmate who now advises offenders heading to prison , said that some staff will treat him like anyone else , while some might ask Hernandez for his autograph . There are several placement options for an inmate at Souza : solitary confinement ; a less harsh but still restricted block , general population ; ` lifers block ' , for those serving life sentences ; and the ` kitchen block ' , for those who work in the prison kitchen . It is unknown which area Hernandez will be put into . Hernandez will be Souza 's most famous inmate yet , according to CNN . ` There will be a lot of staff that will treat him like an animal that he is , but there will be other staff that will want his autograph and treat him like a star , ' said Larry Levine , a former federal inmate who spent 10 years in high - and minimum-security prisons and founded Wall Street Prison Consultants , which advises offenders and convicts heading to prison . It is unknown which cell block Hernandez will be placed in : solitary confinement ; a less harsh but still restricted block , general population ; ` lifers block ' , for those serving life sentences ; and the ` kitchen block ' , for those who work in the prison kitchen . A corrections officer hands an inmate his meal through a small opening between the mess hall and the kitchen at Souza-Baranowski . This is how Hernandez will receive his meals . Ninety per cent of the inmates at the prison are locked in their cells , which include a bunk , toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf , and a stool affixed to the floor , are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day . There is a shelf for a TV , which inmates can buy for about $ 200 . The cells have two windows - one on the room 's door that has slots for hand , middle and ankle cuffing , and a second that looks out to a wall , buildings or trees that is approximately 4in by 20in . On the same day as Hernandez 's relocation , Lloyd 's mother , Ursula Ward , said in a press conference that she will call Hernandez as a witness in the civil suit against him . In his new cell , Hernandez will be staying about ten minutes from Fort Devens , where for the last two years Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been held , according to WPRI . A corrections officer monitored the security camera system at Souza-Baranowski , where 366 cameras are used to monitor inmate activity . Electronics such as televisions , fans , and typewriters that can be purchased by inmates are clear so corrections officers know if they have been opened or tampered with . Ninety per cent of the inmates at Souza are locked in their cells , which include a bunk , toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf , and a stool affixed to the floor , are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day .