Shocking police dashcam footage has emerged showing an Arizona cop speeding down a road , mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber in a supposed bid to capture him . In the two videos , Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana , northwest of Tucson , carrying what appears to be a rifle . He points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . A police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` One round just went out . He 's definitely loaded . ' He then tells his colleague , Officer Michael Rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` Stand off , the gun is loaded . ' But apparently ignoring his advice , Rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward Valencia . Seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . WARNING : GRAPHIC FOOTAGE . Scroll down for videos . Overtaking : This police dashcam video shows Arizona officer Michael Rapiejko overtaking his colleague 's vehicle as they chase alleged thief Mario Valencia -LRB- hidden by the other car -RRB- in Marana , northwest of Tucson . Target : The police officer in the other vehicle warns Rapiejko that the suspect is loaded and tells him to ` stand off ' . But in apparent defiance of his advice , Rapiejo drives straight toward unsuspecting Valencia -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Horrific : Seconds later , Rapiejo 's vehicle mounts the curb -LRB- pictured -RRB- and smashes into the suspect 's body . Hit : In this screen grab , from the dashcam video , Valenica appears to turn toward the car as it strikes him . Valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . The other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ` Oh ! Jesus Christ , man down . ' At the end of the footage , obtained by CBS affiliate KOLD-TV , Rapiejko is captured emerging from his vehicle and approaching Valencia , while other cops exit their own cars with their guns raised . Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on February 19 . He was eventually booked into jail two days later . The release of the dashcam videos comes as police across America remain under scrutiny for allegedly racially profiling African-American suspects and using excessive violence against them . Only a week and a half ago , South Carolina police officer Michael Slager was charged with murder after he allegedly fatally shot Water Scott , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away . Despite Valencia 's injuries and the harrowing footage of the crash , Marana Police Chief Terry Rozema has defended Rapiejko 's actions , declaring they likely saved the armed suspect 's life . Smash : Valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall -LRB- pictured -RRB- before coming to a halt amid debris . The other cop can be heard shouting in shock : ` Oh ! Jesus Christ , man down ' High-speed : Bits of concrete can be seen sailing through the sky as Rapiejko 's patrol car continues traveling . Cracked : Valencia , was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in a serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on February 19 . Above , Rapiejko 's car window appears to be cracked . Deliberate act : Valencia -LRB- pictured , left , in his mug shot -RRB- remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail . Police have since spoken out in defense of Rapiejko 's actions in the town of Marana , Arizona . In February , Sergeant Chris Warren also appeared to support the deliberate crash , telling KOLD-TV that Valencia ` was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . This crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at Columbus Avenue and 29th Street , vandalism and burglary at the Tucson Baptist Temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . It culminated in the alleged theft of a rifle from Walmart at 8280 North Cortaro Road . From there , the suspect fled to 5650 West Coca Cola Place , where he was struck and injured by Rapiejko 's vehicle . ` He 'd just stolen a weapon , loaded it , was not obeying commands from officers and walking toward occupied businesses . It 's a busy time of morning , a lot of employees at work , ' said Sgt Warren . Another view : Despite the shocking footage of the crash , Marana Police Chief Terry Rozema has defended Officer Rapiejko 's actions . Above , this dashcam video was taken from inside the other officer 's car . Swerving : The second video shows Rapiejko 's car swerving across the road and heading toward Valencia . Life-saving ? The vehicle smashes into the suspect -LRB- the black shape in the air , between the tree and the car -RRB- . Apprehended : At the end of the footage , obtained by CBS affiliate KOLD-TV , Rapiejko can be seen emerging from his vehicle and approaching Valencia -LRB- under the tree -RRB- , while other cops emerge with their guns raised . ` We had to take immediate action and make sure he did n't get inside those businesses . ' Rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , because it was considered use of force . However , the Pima County Attorney 's Office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing and he is back on the force , Sgt Warren said . Valencia , meanwhile , is facing several felony charges for his ` spree ' . Valencia had already been approached by police near a post office following the alleged Walmart theft , it is reported . There , he had apparently threatened suicide , before firing the gun and fleeing . No one was injured in the post office incident . Also on Tuesday , dozens of protesters were taking to the streets of New York to continue demonstrations over alleged police brutality against minorities . Controversy : The release of the dashcam videos comes as police across America remain under scrutiny for allegedly racially profiling African-American suspects . Above , protesters in Manhattan , New York , on Tuesday . Demonstrating : The protests have been a regular occurrence in many US cities since last August , when unarmed , black 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot dead by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson , Missouri . Removed : Some demonstrators were escorted off the Brooklyn Bridge roadway by NYPD officers on Tuesday . The protests have been a regular occurrence in many US cities since last August , when unarmed , black 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot dead by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson , Missouri . In November , a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson in the fatal shooting , while another grand jury chose not to indict another officer in the death of black father-of-four Eric Garner on Staten Island . On Tuesday , some protesters were seen scuffling with police during a march in Manhattan . Others , meanwhile , were pictured being escorted off the Brooklyn Bridge roadway by NYPD officers .