COOK 'S BRADMAN JINX . With overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it 's easy to see why the out-of-nick Alastair Cook put West Indies in to bat . On Test Match Special , Graeme Swann revealed the exact moment Cook 's form with the bat took a turn for the worse . He said : ` Two years ago when England were in New Zealand , Brendon McCullum said Cook was the closest thing to Don Bradman . ` He has n't scored a ton since . It 's the greatest piece of reverse psychology I 've ever seen . ' Alastair Cook 's former team-mate Graeme Swann pointed out when the England captain 's form turned . RASHID MADE TO WAIT . While the rain came down in the morning , there was much talk of whether Yorkshire 's leg-spinning all-rounder Adil Rashid would play in this Test . Despite many calling for his inclusion , the 27-year-old will have to wait to make his debut . Assuming he is the next man to do so , he will be England 's 666th Test player - though he will have the chance to skip straight to 667 . Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out after much discussion on day one . WOE FOR BRAVO . Marlon Samuels might have an excellent record against England , but Darren Bravo does not . The batsman has no 50s in five Tests against them - at a paltry average of 19.75 - so who can blame him for getting fidgety and poking at a wide ball from Stuart Broad as he crept towards the half-century mark ? Kraigg Brathwaite is first to fall as James Anderson bowls the West Indies opener with a massive in-swinger . BIG DAY FOR GRENADA . Viewers may not be familiar with Grenada 's National Cricket Stadium as it is hardly a regular Test venue . After being built in 1999 , it was damaged by Hurricane Ivan in 2004 and rebuilt in time for the 2007 World Cup . As a result , this is only the third Test it has hosted , and on Tuesday Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada . Devon Smith walks off after being dismissed without hitting the ball after being the first local to score a Test run in Grenada . Joe Root ` was n't a massive fan ' after the first time he faced now team-mate James Anderson . ROOT 'S RUDE AWAKENING . In his latest ECB blog , Joe Root gives an insight into what it 's like for a batsman to face up to Jimmy Anderson . ` I 'll never forget the first time I came across Jimmy , early in the 2011 season , ' said Root . ` I was 20 and fairly new in the Yorkshire first team . He was making a rare county appearance for Lancashire in a Roses Match in Liverpool and let 's just say he was quite aggressive . ` He took me a bit by surprise and on that initial evidence I was n't a massive fan . ' FAMILY VALUES . At tea , Anderson 's father , Michael , spoke to TMS about the making of England 's leading wicket taker . ` Every evening when I came home from work we would play out in the garden and he would n't let me give my wicket away - he would always make sure he got me out , ' he said .