A Texas school worker is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday . Paul Warren Smith , 61 , was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five , 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on Saturday at the The Humane Society of Harrison County 's The Pet Place in Marshall . ` It appears the man was trying to do the right thing , of getting the animals to the proper place to take care of them , ' Captain John Best with the Marshall Police Department told KSLA . ` But the manner he went about it was wrong . ' Scroll down for video . Charges : Paul Warren Smith , 61 -LRB- photographed -RRB- , is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday . Uninjured : All five puppies are healthy and uninjured ; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old . In the video , the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that they landed on their feet . ` Luckily he did n't break their legs , or concussion , break a neck , ' Kay Hill , director for The Pet Place , told KSLA . Hill said all five of the puppies are healthy and were not injured . Although the puppies are not available for adoption for another month -- when they are 8 weeks old -- the Society is taking applications for the pups . Van : In the video , the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van . Flinging : Smith is seen in the video flinging a puppy over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that the pup landed on its feet . Smith , an employee of the MISD , has been placed on administrative leave.and the district issued a statement announcing the status of Smith 's employment . ` MISD officials are aware of the incident . MISD will provide full cooperation with the Marshall Police Department , ' the district said in a statement . Hill posted the surveillance video to Facebook with hopes that someone would be able to identify the man . A commenter quickly identified the man as Smith , an MISD maintenance worker , KSLA reports . Discovered : A Humane Society employee discovered four of the puppies in the yard Saturday afternoon and the fifth Monday after review of the tape showed five of the puppies being dropped into the yard . Thunderstorms : The fifth was found underneath a porch , most likely seeking shelter from the weekend 's thunderstorms . Labrador : The puppies , which all appear to be a Labrador mix , are in the care of a Marshall High School employee . Smith was taken into custody Monday morning after speaking with investigators . He has since been taken to the Harrison County Jail and charged with cruelty to animals . A Humane Society employee discovered four of the puppies in the yard Saturday afternoon and the fifth Monday after review of the tape showed five of the puppies being dropped into the yard , NBC reports . The fifth was found underneath a porch , most likely seeking shelter from the weekend 's thunderstorms . The puppies , which all appear to be a Labrador mix , are in the care of a Marshall High School employee . ` Everybody should learn from this video that this is not acceptable in Marshall , or Shreveport , or Longview , Dallas , or Houston , wherever you are , ' Hill said . Pet Place : The puppies were thrown over a six-foot fence at The Humane Society of Harrison County 's The Pet Place in Marshall , Texas -LRB- photographed -RRB- .