They have long claimed to be the only genuine political party -- fighting the manipulated PR of the main Westminster parties . But Ukip 's reputation for telling it straight was left in tatters this morning after the party 's deputy leader was caught posing for a photograph to make him look more educated -- in front of a photoshopped library clutching a picture book . Mr Nuttall , Ukip 's education spokesman , appeared in the party 's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ` British Rebels and Reformers ' . The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 . Scroll down for video . Paul Nuttall , Ukip 's education spokesman , appeared in the party 's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ` British Rebels and Reformers ' - a vintage hard-back picture book . Mr Nuttall stands in front of shelves stacked full of books -- many of which , on closer inspection , are the same and have been photoshopped to make the library look bigger . After being ridiculed on Twitter , the MEP joked that the photoshop allegations were not true : ` I just have two copies of every book . ' The bizarre row capped a day of confusion for Ukip after the party 's immigration spokesman appeared to contradict her own border policies . Suzanne Evans appeared to contradict a flagship policy on banning non-skilled workers after telling the manifesto launch that the party did not want to ` pull up the drawbridge ' but only ` control who walks over it ' . Mr Farage hoped to get Ukip 's election campaign back on track , promising help for first-time buyers , military veterans , small businesses and hospital patients . The books behind Mr Nuttall were clearly photoshopped , appearing in mirror image next to each other . The Ukip deputy leader later took to Twitter to joke about the allegations , insisting he just had ` two copies of every book ' But the attempt to present a more professional image risks being over-shadowed by falling poll ratings , rivals openly vying for the Ukip leadership and chaos over the party 's flagship immigration policy . In remarks which risk angering supporters opposed to immigration , Mrs Evans said : ` Ukip is not anti-immigration . Immigrants are not the problem . It 's our current immigration system that is the problem . Nigel Farage unveiled Ukip 's manifesto in Thurrock , Essex , this morning . ` We will not pull up the drawbridge , we will simply start to control who walks over it . ' Today it emerged Ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten . The party reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . A party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . In a speech in Essex , Mr Farage claimed Ukip could hold the balance of power after May 7 . He said : ` We are the only party with the self-confidence and belief in this nation that we actually believe that not only could we , but that we should , govern our own country , make our own laws and negotiate our own international trade deals . ` We are the only party standing in this General Election saying we want a trade deal with Europe , we want to be good neighbours with our European friends , but we desperately seek a referendum so that we can set this country free from political union . ` There is no third way . There is no renegotiation of any value that is to be had in Brussels . Our position is perfectly clear - We want our country back . ' He set out key polices he would demand as a price for supporting a Tory government . They include : . An in/out referendum on Britain 's EU membership ` as soon as possible ' An Australian-style points-based immigration system . More than 2 per cent of GDP to be spent on the armed forces . Guaranteed jobs in the police , prison , or border force for anyone leaving the forces after 12 years . Ukip leader Nigel Farage passes UKIP deputy chairwoman Suzanne Evans during the launch of the party 's election manifesto this morning . Mr Farage set out key polices he would demand as a price for supporting a Tory government including an in/out referendum on Britain 's EU membership ` as soon as possible ' Waive stamp duty on new homes worth up to £ 250,000 built on brownfield sites . No income tax on the minimum wage up to £ 13,000 , a new 30p tax band on earnings between £ 45,300 and £ 55,000 , with the 40p tax band kicking inn at £ 55,000 . However in the latest sign of policy chaos , the manifesto includes a pledge to limit net migration to 50,000 . Mr Farage has previously warned caps and targets are ` ludicrous ' and over-ruled his immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe who said the party would put a figure on the number allowed into the UK . Meanwhile Suzanne Evans , the party 's deputy chairman , appeared to ditch a key policy on banning unskilled migrants in the space of just 60 seconds .