A young mother has spoken of her humiliation after a dental assistant apparently removed her nine-month-old son from her arms without asking while she was breastfeeding him in the dentist 's chair . Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away . But after calling the dentist 's office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son , Attley . Instead , Tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility . The pair turned up shortly after - but midway through the appointment , Attley started to create a fuss . Upset : Tayler Chaice Buzbee has spoken of her humiliation after a dental assistant apparently removed her baby son , Attley -LRB- pictured with Tayler -RRB- from her arms while she was breastfeeding him in the dentist 's chair . ` I do n't nurse in public , and I never have because I hear these stories about people being shamed ... I do n't do well with being confronted , so I usually find another room to go to , ' Tayler toldAL.com . But she said that , in this instance , she had no option but to breastfeed Attley - a gorgeous dark-haired baby with big brown eyes and a cheeky grin - because he was hungry and causing a scene . The hygienists apparently did not mind Tayler nursing her son - and one even offered to halt the treatment and return when she was finished . But Tayler declined and continued to be treated . A short while later , the dentist and another female employee came into the room . The latter reportedly told Tayler that she was not permitted to breastfeed her baby in the dentist 's office . Then , while the dentist examined Tayler 's teeth , the employee removed Attley from her arms - without permission and before he had finished feeding from his mom - because he was ` in the way ' . She then placed him in a stroller , it is reported . Tayler , who was shocked , left the office soon after . Controversy : While the dentist examined Tayler 's teeth , a female employee removed Attley from her arms - without permission and before he had finished feeding from his mom - because he was ` in the way ' Facility : Tayler had made the emergency appointment at the Aspen Dental facility -LRB- file picture -RRB- in Alabama on Friday after developing agonizing toothache . She was left ` humiliated ' after the breastfeeding incident . Speaking to the news site , the Marshalls employee said : ` I have never felt so humiliated in my life . ' She added : ` That was my biggest concern . Do n't take him out of my arms . It was a situation where I was humiliated , I was crying , and I felt just embarrassed to be there . ' In a statement , Aspen Dental Management Inc apologized to Tayler . ` No nursing mother should ever be made to feel uncomfortable while feeding her child , ' representative Kasey Pickett told AL.com . She added that the company is investigating the incident . It is not the first time a new mother has been ` shamed ' for breastfeeding in public . Mother and son : Despite the female employee 's actions , the dental hygienists apparently did not mind Tayler -LRB- back -RRB- nursing her son -LRB- front -RRB- - and one even offered to halt the treatment and return when she was finished . ` Shamed ' : It is not the first time a new mother like Tayler -LRB- pictured , left , with Attley -RRB- has been ` shamed ' for breasfeeding in public . In January , 24-year-old mother Alanna Panas claimed she was kicked out of a casino in Berlin , Maryland , for breastfeeding her seven-week-old daughter -LRB- right , with Alanna -RRB- in the lobby . In January , 24-year-old mother Alanna Panas claimed she was kicked out of a casino in Berlin , Maryland , for breastfeeding her seven-week-old daughter in the lobby . Alanna , a mother-of-one from Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania , said she was thrown out by security at the Casino at Ocean Down after they told her she and daughter Lilly were a ` security risk ' . She said she had intended to feed her daughter in her car but did not have time to get the keys and as it was a cold , rainy evening , the casino lobby was her only choice , USA Today reported . Last year , an international study found mothers are made to feel ` ashamed ' when they breastfeed in public - while many are put off breastfeeding by negative comments from health workers . Mothers reported being stared at or tutted at and felt as if they were seen as ` hippies ' or ` weirdos ' . Others said they wanted to breastfeed after 12 months but feared public disapproval . Negative emotions are also common for new mothers who are trying to breastfeed in hospital soon after giving birth . These are due to staff actions and comments , the research found . Dr Gill Thomson , of the Maternal and Infant Nutrition and Nurture Unit at the University of Central Lancashire in Preston , led the study , which also involved researchers in Germany and Sweden .