A 19-year-old girl was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury . Summer Elbardissy was partying at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown , Connecticut , last year when she reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck . But instead of making it onto the deck , where students often gathered , she fell out of a third-story window , according to newly-released police reports and a lawsuit filed in the city 's Superior Court . Moments later , another teenager heard what ` sounded like a thud hitting the ground ' . Miss Elbardissy was discovered lying unconscious on the floor , with her face covered in blood . Scroll down for video . Recovering : Summer Elbardissy -LRB- pictured -RRB- had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury . Frat house : The 19-year-old was reportedly partying at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house -LRB- pictured -RRB- at Wesleyan University in Middletown , Connecticut , last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof desk . The intoxicated sophomore was rushed to St Francis Hospital with serious injuries , including a brain injury and swelling , a broken skull and pelvis , and lung bruising , the Hartford Courant reported . She was forced to undergo intubation and had to relearn how to walk , according to a GoFundMe page that was set up by Miss Elbardissy 's mother , Inas Morsi , after last September 's accident . She also had to be taught by a therapist how to swallow food , brush her teeth , get dressed and wash herself , it is reported . Seven months on , she is apparently still recovering from the fall . On the fundraising page , which has raised more than $ 44,000 for the teenager , Ms Morsi has described her daughter as a ` fighter ' , adding : ` this is just another battle that she will overcome . ' In November , she wrote : ` This is a special Thanksgiving for our family . We are thankful for so many things . We are especially thankful for all of the support you have shown us for Summer . ' And Miss Elbardissy herself appears to be in good spirits - over the past few months , she has posted smiling photos and positive messages on her Facebook and Instagram pages on a regular basis . Injured : Instead of making it onto the deck , where students often gathered , Miss Elbardissy -LRB- pictured with a companion in a Facebook photo -RRB- fell out of a third-story window , according to newly-released police reports . Sophomore : Miss Elbardissy -LRB- pictured , left and right , in Facebook photos -RRB- was rushed to St Francis Hospital with serious injuries , including brain swelling , a broken skull , hip and pelvis and bruising on her lung . The fall was not the first notable incident to have occurred at Beta Theta Pi , which is not recognized by Wesleyan University as a fraternity and was once dubbed ` the rape factory ' in a lawsuit . In 2010 , a student alleged that she was sexually assaulted at the fraternity house , while another claimed to have been raped by a non-student on the premises in 2013 , according to WFSB . In Miss Elbardissy 's case , police were apparently already at the house investigating a noise complaint when she fell . They were alerted to her fate at around 1.15 am on September 7 . Miss Elbardissy was reportedly drunk at the time . As the officers waited for medics to arrive at the scene , they had beer poured over them out of a window by fraternity members , it is alleged . Fall : She was forced to undergo intubation and had to relearn how to walk , swallow food and get dressed , it is reported . Above , a clip from a news report at the time . Miss Elbardissy fell out of one of these windows . ` A really nice girl ' : The fall was not the first notable incident to have occurred at Beta Theta Pi , which is not recognized by Wesleyan University as a fraternity . Above , Miss Elbardissy is seen in a Facebook photo . Following the incident , Wesleyan ordered students to stay away from the fraternity house , saying it had ` lost confidence in the ability of the fraternity members to manage social activities at the house ' . Meanwhile , the national Beta Theta Pi fraternity suspended the Wesleyan Mu Epsilon chapter . It is believed that the fraternity is still out of bounds for students at the private liberal arts college . Now , Miss Elbardissy has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and Wesleyan via her lawyer . The 24-page document accuses the university of failing to protect her from the dangers at the frat house . It alleges the college turned a blind eye to a number of safety violations at the house - including the roof deck , which the fraternity used ` openly and obviously ' - despite warnings from city officials , . University : Now , Miss Elbardissy has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and Wesleyan -LRB- pictured -RRB- via her lawyer . The document accuses the university of failing to protect her from the dangers at the frat house . Fundraising : A GoFundMe page -LRB- pictured -RRB- , set up by Miss Elbardissy 's mother , has raised more than $ 44,000 . This deck , featuring ` unsecured plywood ' , was negligent , created a public nuisance and led to Miss Elbardissy 's fall , claims the lawsuit , which is seeking an unspecified amount of money in damages . Last year , police ruled that the fall was an accident . At the time , Wesleyan said : ` Our thoughts are with the injured student , who is improving , and we hope for a full and speedy recovery . ' Eyewitnesses described the incident as ` pretty terrifying ' and Miss Elbardissy , ` a really nice girl ' . No one has been charged in the incident . Miss Elbardissy 's lawyer declined to comment to the Courant .