It 's Hot or Not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside . Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of Formula One ? HOT . FC PORTO . Bored of flags on seats ? Try capes on seats . The Portuguese club 's slaying of Bayern Munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white . Does this mean that the visitors ' lumbering defender Dante became the first footballer ever to ` lose the ball in the background ' ? Porto 's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned Bayern in the Champions League . SHIVNARINE CHANDERPAUL . The West Indies batsman is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots . Slow and boring . But the 40-year-old 's longevity is staggering . More than 21 years he has been at it . When he started , Test matches still had rest days . Now that only happens when England play Australia . West Indies ' Shivnarine Chanderpaul may be slow and boring but he is still going strong at 40 . STEVE DAVIS . Only the truest sportsmen keep going when nobody else cares . Last week the six-times World snooker champion , now 57 , played a qualifying match at a swimming venue in Sheffield . He lost 10-1 . There is something mildly heroic about that . I think . Steve Davis failed in his bid to qualify for the World Championships at the age of 57 . MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL . If Match of the Day remains our go-to for weekly football then it now has serious competition . Neville , Carragher and Co have taken analysis to such a level that , on more occasion than one recently , the chat has been a darn sight better than the football . Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville 's analysis is often a better watch than the game they 're commenting on . NOT . THE GRAND NATIONAL . It remains hypnotic viewing but when winning trainer Oliver Sherwood says : ` I 'm just glad the horse came back in one piece ' does that not beg a very obvious question ? Crabbie 's Grand National winner Many Clouds and owner Trevor Hemmings with trainer Oliver Sherwood . FORMULA ONE . Watching a sport where only two or three can win has always struck me as rather pointless . Rather like watching football in Scotland . Now it turns out Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg ca n't even decide how fast to drive . At least Hunt and Lauda had personalities . Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have been at loggerheads this season . ALASTAIR COOK . The England skipper has always struck me as a fine batsmen and a poor leader . Now his bad form has continued after tips from Graham Gooch , the man he sacked from the England set-up last year . Are you thinking what I am thinking ? Alastair Cook 's struggles with the bat have continued in England 's first Test against the West Indies . JURGEN KLOPP . Much interest in his decision to leave Borussia Dortmund but Klopp may find his mobile does n't ring quite as hot from the game 's biggest clubs as he thinks . Proof once again that , if you are going to walk then do it when the team is winning . Jurgen Klopp announced this week that he would leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .