UFC superstar Ronda Rousey left her trademark deadly glares and lethal arm bar at home for the Los Angeles premiere of blockbuster action film Fast & Furious 7 . Rousey , the UFC 's bantamweight champion , appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on April 3 in the UK with her MMA skills used to full effect . She stepped out in a sleek black dress handmade by London designers House Of CB and a pair of Tania Spinelli heels for the event at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood . UFC star Ronda Rousey poses in front of a fast car at the premiere of action film Fast & Furious 7 . The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event at the TCL Chinese Theatre . The look impressed Rousey 's mother Dr AnnMaria , a former world judo champion who used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds , as she posted an image saying : ` My little pumpkin grew up . ' The premiere follows Rousey 's acclaimed debut WWE appearance in WrestleMania 31 , in which she paired up with her Furious co-star The Rock for the event 's crescendo . Fans definitely liked what they saw when Rousey helped The Rock take down The Authority , otherwise known as WWE co-owner Stephanie McMahon and Triple H -LRB- real name Paul Levesque -RRB- , and chanted her name at Monday 's WWE Raw . A Twitter post from Rousey in which she says , ` We 're just gettin ' started ' alongside a picture of herself and The Rock giving their sternest looks , fuelled speculation this could become a regular deal . Rousey 's MMA skills are used to full effect in the seventh film of the franchise out on April 3 in the UK . Rousey wore a sleek black dress and heels , but managed a steely glare usually reserved for her opponents . Rousey is a massive WWE fan - she chose her nickname ` Rowdy ' after and with the blessing of Canadian wrestler Roddy Piper and has been in the crowd many times . But this was her first time as an official participant and her arm bar on McMahon was only bettered by her throwing Triple H , at 6ft 4in and 265 pounds , over her shoulder like a rag doll . However , Rousey 's agent Brad Slater told Ariel Helwani on Fox Sports ' UFC Tonight on Wednesday that it was a one-off and that her focus is on her next UFC fight against Brazilian Bethe Correia in the headline bout for UFC 190 . Rousey puts her game face on to take down WWE co-owner Stephanie McMahon at Wrestlemania 31 . Rousey throws Triple H over her shoulder and into the canvas as The Rock watches on . But not before she adds another film project to her resume . After featuring in an epic fight scene with Michelle Rodriguez which she describes as ` a super oestrogen-pumped all-female fight scene ' , Rousey will be the star of a new Peter Berg action release , Mile 22 , which goes into production in April . Including Furious , Rousey has now appeared in three feature films after playing herself in the Entourage feature and alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone in The Expendables 3 .