A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on the eve before Anzac Day commemoration services are to take place at the site . The man , from Palm Beach in Brisbane 's south , reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Anzac Square on Friday afternoon . Police told Daily Mail Australia they arrested the 66-year-old for a ` breach of the peace ' at around 1 pm . An Australian flag was reportedly set alight at the Shine of Remembrance in Brisbane 's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon . He was then taken into custody and charged with one count of public nuisance . The man will face Brisbane Magistrate 's Court on the morning of Saturday 's 100th Anzac Day commemoration service where tens of thousands will gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance in Anzac Square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women . Dawn Services will start at 4.28 am at the Shrine of Remembrance in Adelaide Street 's Anzac Square . Due to the high numbers of people expected to attend the dawn service , big screens are being set up around Anzac Square , Post Office Square , King George Square and Queen Street Mall to ensure that everyone who made the early morning pilgrimage will get a glimpse at the moving service . A 66-year-old man from Palm Beach was arrested and charged with a ` breach of the peace ' and public nuisance . Tens of thousand are set to gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance in Anzac Square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women . This incident comes just weeks after veterans condemned protesters who were seen burning the Australian flag at anti-Islamic and anti-racism protests in Melbourne . ` To burn anyone 's flag in anyone 's country is disgusting . It 's just not on , ' a spokesman for the Returned and Services League -LRB- RSL -RRB- in Sydney told Daily Mail Australia . The man was taken into custody at Anzac Square , pictured , and will face Brisbane Magistrates Court on Saturday morning .