She 's less than a month from her due date , but mom-to-be and model Sarah Stage barely has a bump to show for it . The lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram as she documents her first pregnancy -- prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child . But despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , the 30-year-old Los Angeles resident has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap , in which she swaps traditional maternity wear -- and her favorite lingerie - for a more figure-hugging and bust-flaunting frock . Scroll down for video . Unbelievable : Sarah Stage , a Los Angeles-based lingerie model , has been documenting her changing pregnancy body and many of her 1.4 m Instagram followers can not believe she is eight months pregnant . And while the image is n't giving away any hint of a baby bump , Sarah 's caption made clear just how far along she really is in her pregnancy , stating : ' # 37weeks #DateNight ' Despite being in the advanced stages of her first pregnancy however , Sarah , who is of European and Costa Rican descent , pulls of her glamorous looks with ease and could easily be prepping for the fashion week catwalk in her latest snaps -- rather than preparing for her due date , which is around two weeks away . Sarah is a fitness fanatic and a workaholic , keeping up her incredible figure with regular trips to the gym and keeping busy with modelling gigs throughout her her nine-month pregnancy . The model also sticks to a diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken to keep her and her baby healthy . Sarah is a lingerie model and animal rights activist and is a regular sight on billboards in the states . Baggy clothes just are n't her style : Sarah refuses to hide her pregnant body in maternity clothes and prefers to flaunt it in lingerie . Sarah 's first modelling gig was at the tender age of two and the star , who is signed to Elite Model Management , has since adorned billboards and starred in countless campaigns . According to Malaysian Digest , Sarah indulges in occasional cheeseburgers and maintains her trim frame is down to daily gym visits . Comments from her followers include ones such as , ` she looks like me on a normal day ' and ` my belly after a burger ' . Others are less believing of her shape . One follower even wrote : ` Look up pregnant women to see one . This a huge joke to get people to look at her . ' She keeps going and going : The model credits her svelte figure to her regular work-out sessions in the gym . Nike Force Sky High Sneaker Wedge . Available at Zappos ! Visit site . Lingerie model Sarah Stage flaunted a super trim and sleek physique just two weeks after giving birth ... But we 're less concerned with her non existent baby bump and more excited by those Nike kicks on her feet ! While Sarah 's exact colorway is from a previous season , we actually think that this season 's current collection pattern is much more exciting ! They 're still black , white and orange but just with a fun polka-dot pattern thrown in . Swoon . Yet if these Nike force sky high sneaker wedges are n't quite what you fancy in an elevated kick , then take your pick from the edit below . All for under $ 85 for a pair of simple black Supergas , and going as low as $ 36 for a feisty pair of Adidas , we 've also included excellent options from Puma and DC . It 's time to get taller ! PUMA PC Wedge Basic Sports Sneaker at Zappos . Visit site . Adidas Originals Basket Profi Up Sneaker at 6 pm -LRB- Now $ 36 -RRB- . Visit site . DC Mirage Mid SE Sneaker at 6 pm -LRB- Now 38.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Superga Cotu Wedge Sneakers at Shopbop . Visit site . Discussing how different women 's bodies react during pregnancy , Dr Venkat , Director at Harley Street Fertility Clinic , said : ` If a woman is healthy - physically and mentally - to start with and if she looks after herself well then she will look radiant . ` The hormones are elevated during pregnancy and women react differently to the hormones . Some women are particularly sensitive to elevated hormones and suffer with symptoms , whereas others sail through without any symptoms . ' Dr Venkat added that a woman 's height plays a role and the taller a woman is can help her carry herself with better posture than a shorter woman . When it comes to working out , she says , women generally do n't need to worry about staying in shape during pregnancy . Citing walking and gentle stretching as the best exercises during pregnancy , she says women are going to be exhausted in the first couple of weeks after delivery and can start exercising after a fortnight , once a routine is established . Just days away : Sarah 's due date is within weeks but nothing seems to stop her from dolling up . Sarah has over 1.4 m Instagram followers who regularly comment on her trim baby body , some in disbelief . Dr Venkat says women generally do n't need to worry about staying in shape during pregnancy but Sarah is clearly keen to continue with her regular gym sessions .