When Jason Archinaco 's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat , it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined . Because , since Monday , the family have been sharing their home with arguably Los Angeles ' most famous mountain lion , P-22 . The cougar , the other name for the species , has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in the hilly Los Feliz neighborhood - and has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out . Scroll down for video . New home : The lion - known as P-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on Monday . Rescue : Attempts to get the lion to move out - including firing tennis balls - have so far been unsuccessful . Resident : The beautiful animal may have been living in the crawlspace for some time before being discovered . Workers discovered the big cat on Monday at noon , as they were trying to install a security system . Ten hours later - despite animal welfare officers using a prod , and even firing tennis balls and bean bags at it - he was still refusing to move . ` I do n't think he 's going to come out , ' Archinaco told KNBC-TV . ` He 's probably been living here for a while . ` He thinks this is his den . ' But then , this level of determination will probably come as no surprise to those who know the tale of P-22 . It is thought the lion crossed the 405 and 101 freeways more than three years ago , as he travelled from his home in the Santa Monica Mountains . He has been living in nearby Griffith Park ever since - where scientists managed to catch and tag him . But his fame reached new heights after National Geographic photographer Steve Winter managed to capture him walking in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013 . Then , last year , the big cat survived mange and a meal of rat poison to become apparently healthy again . Fame : P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013 . Hiding : It is thought the lion crossed two freeways to get to his home in Griffith Park , but it is not known how long he has been living in the crawl space in the Los Feliz hills . Beanbags : The animal rescue workers have even resorted to using beanbags to move the lion . However , all this is nothing to the furore surrounding his latest move . The LA Times reports a scene worthy of any film star - with news vans filling the street , helicopters flying overhead and even a live news feed on a local channel reporting the latest . However , they were not rewarded for their patience , and state wildlife officials cleared most media and gawkers away from the area as night fell . They continued with their attempts to dislodge P-22 , starting with poking him gently with a long prod , but that did little -- other than temporarily lose the pricey GoPro camera they 'd attached to the end of it that fell off . They then attempted to fire a tennis ball cannon into the crawl space with hopes that at least the noise and commotion would scare him out , a tactic that often works with coyotes . Next , they fired small bean bags , the same kind police sometimes use for human crowd control , toward the cat . Live feed : The incident has created quite a furore - with people watching it unfold live on television -LRB- pictured -RRB- . All of the tactics , shown live on streaming video , drew mild reactions from P-22 , but none came close to drawing him out or even getting him to significantly move . Wildlife officials said late Monday night that their next move would be to just wait . ` We 're going to let him settle , we 're going to let everything calm down , we 're going to be really still and give him time to get out of there , ' said Janice Mackey of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife . Archinaco said he and his wife have three ordinary house cats and had thought about adding to their numbers . ` My wife wanted a fourth one , ' he said , ` but not this way . '