Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . A Florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since Saturday . Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden . The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . WKMG reports that an initial investigation determined there was foul play . ` My biggest concern is that he might come back , ' said neighbor Natalie Randall , a resident of the Winter Garden RV Resort . An attorney for his estranged wife confirmed Shemansky 's failure to appear for the scheduled visit . He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide . His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce . His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago , according to her attorney , Diana Knowles Dunlop . Neighbors said his mother may have been the one preventing him from making the meeting with his son . Neighbors at the Winter Garden RV Resort believe divorce proceedings may have pushed Shemansky over the edge . ` His mom would n't allow him to go , ' Nathan Tanner told reporters . ` She said because she did n't want him to have no more trouble through the courts . ' Tanner added the stress of the divorce proceedings may have pushed him over the edge . ` And he got some paperwork Friday that was , I guess , bad news and I guess that triggered him , ' Tanner told WFTV . Authorities have the murder weapon , still not publicly identified , but will not yet confirm how Sandra Shemansky was killed , according to information given to local press by Police Lt. Scott Allen . He allegedly was seen going into the trailer park 's office and asking for a glass of water shortly after the murder . Shemansky was last seen fleeing on foot without any sort of provisions and no medication . His estranged wife is reportedly preparing to protect himself on the chance he arrives at her home . Anyone with information as to his whereabouts is urged to contact authorities at 407-656-3636 .