Jonas Gutierrez was dropped after a fallout with Newcastle head coach John Carver -- and is now set to be released at the end of the season . The Argentinian -- who has twice beaten testicular cancer - was not even named among the substitutes for Sunday 's 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs . Afterwards , Carver said Gutierrez was left out for ` selection reasons ' before stating that he did not want to talk about the player . Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from squad for Sunday 's defeat by Tottenham following row with John Carver . The 31-year-old had earlier posted a message on Twitter saying that he was not injured . Indeed , sources close to Gutierrez say that he was axed following a heated exchange with Carver . Gutierrez was upset when he was dropped from the starting XI for last week 's 3-0 loss at Liverpool . He had been United 's best player during the Tyne-Wear derby defeat at Sunderland in the previous game and was surprised by his omission , which was explained as a tactical switch to pair Jack Colback and Mehdi Abeid in midfield . What followed was a training-ground disagreement with Carver and Gutierrez tweeted on Thursday , ` I am tired about some things . I am Geordie . Newcastle deserves more ' . Meanwhile , a source added : ` They are treating him very badly . He does not deserve this . He just wants to play for Newcastle . ' Gutierrez 's contract is up in the summer and he will be let go after seven years at the club . The clause which meant he would be guaranteed an extension after eight starts this season can not now be activated . However , Sportsmail also understands that Gutierrez trained with the first-team on Monday and will be in the squad for Saturday 's visit of Swansea with both Carver and the player keen to move on from their dispute . The midfielder has long since been critical of his treatment by the Magpies after they told him to find a new club when he returned to Tyneside having beaten the cancer for the first time in November , 2013 . Newcastle midfielder was given a heartfelt ovation when he appeared as a substitute at Anfield . Gutierrez was eventually loaned out to Norwich City for the remainder of the season . The cancer , however , returned last summer and he underwent a course of chemotherapy in Argentina . He returned to Newcastle in December and has made five appearances , the last of which came as a second-half substitute at Anfield when he was given a heartfelt ovation by the home fans . And , in an interview last month , Gutierrez spoke of his disappointment at the manner in which Newcastle had handled his illness . ` I wo n't be able to forgive the way I 've been treated , no , ' he said . Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by Newcastle despite seven years at the club . ` I do n't think it was the right time nor the circumstances and I think at times like that , you should look after the individual , the player . ` I returned mid-November -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and in December the manager said I should find myself another club , that it was best . I understand a lot of things about football that for the directors it is a business , no ? ` It is clear that they look after the club 's interests , but I think in a situation like that , you need to consider other things , even more as I had been playing for five years before having this problem . I was always playing . ` And I never asked for anything . I paid for it -LSB- medical treatment -RSB- because , for me , the most important thing was my health . '