Grappling on the sand and roared on by a vociferous sell-out crowd , these two powerhouses of Senegalese wrestling trade mighty blows with one another . The two famous wrestlers , Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` Le Choc ' at Demba Diop Stadium in the capital of Dakar . After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly Sene emerged victorious . Scroll down for video . Heavyweights : Balla Gaye -LRB- left -RRB- grapples with the bulky frame of Eumeu Sene at Dakar 's Demba Diop stadium during ` Le Choc ' In the zone : Heavyweight Balla Gaye 2 arrives to a ritual before the bout - but he lost to Eumeu Sene in ` Le Choc ' yesterday . Fever : Supporters of Balla Gaye 2 dance and perform to the packed out stadium before his bruising encounter with Eumeu Sene . Thud : A wrestler grimaces as he digs his face into the muscular shoulder of his opponent in the tussle as part of yesterday 's event . Prior to the showdown event , other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats . This form of wrestling - which involves strikes - is only practised in Senegal and has boomed in popularity as their football team has struggled since their remarkable run at the 2002 World Cup in South Korea and Japan . Wrestling with strikes allows punches to the face or head and can end with a knockout blow . A fight typically lasts between ten seconds and four minutes . The winner is whoever puts his opponent on the ground , whether on his back , rear , stomach , or a combination of hands and knees . Crash : A wrestler dumps his opponent with a full-blooded tackle on to the sand - spelling the end of the fight . Power : A wrestler prepares to land a strong right hand to the head of his struggling opponent in the Demba Diop Stadium , Dakar . Full blooded : Wrestlers block off their opponents ' punches in a closely fought bout in yesterday 's gripping spectacle in Dakar . Ready : A wrestler pours a bottle of ` potion ' over himself - these include ingredients such as hair from lions and hyenas , gazelle milk and the roots of sacred and secret trees and are deemed to provide good fortune . Victorious : Dressed in a green loin cloth , a wrestler defeats his opponent by pushing him to the sand . Wrestling 's popularity in the north-western African country make it a lucrative business . For the sport 's superstars , such as Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene , the rewards can be huge with the potential to earn up to $ 200,000 per contest . In a country where unemployment is pushing 50 per cent and the average annual income is $ 980 , some see it as a way to escape poverty . Star wrestlers become lords of entire districts , privileged with providing for their friends and rewarded with unflinching loyalty . Their hordes of fans become the equivalent of neighborhood gangs and brawls between rivals are common in and out of the stadium . Similarly to the ` weigh-in ' in boxing , tensions are inflamed at the pre-match promotion where both the competitors and their fans square up to one another in front of television cameras . A recent ` face à face ' between Yékini and Balla Gaye 2 descended into a brawl and riot police had to break up the scuffle . Jeering : A wrestler with sandy knees celebrates his victory in the Demba Diop arena by mocking his opponent with a big grin .