Moeen Ali says he is ready to take on Australia 's two left-arm Mitchells in the Ashes -- and has overcome the problems he had against the short ball during his introduction to Test cricket last summer . Moeen is planning to join up with the England squad ahead of the second Test in the Caribbean , starting in Grenada on April 21 -- having recovered more quickly from a rib injury than anyone expected . And he intends to put to good use the experience gained during the World Cup , where he averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 -- one of the few glimmers of light in an otherwise benighted tournament for England . Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test after recovering quicker than expected form a rib injury . Moeen 's performance in the World Cup was a glimmer of light in a disappointing tournament for England . When the Ashes get going on July 8 Australia will undoubtedly bombard Moeen with bouncers after he found a variety of ways to get out to the short ball against Sri Lanka and India last year -- with Mitchell Johnson and Mitchell Starc ready to unleash merry hell . But Moeen , who was recently named one of Wisden 's Five Cricketers of the Year , said : ` It was something I was working on at the World Cup in Australia . And now I 've tasted a bit of Johnson and Starc and these guys , I feel I 'm much more ready than I was last year . It was good for me to see that I can handle that kind of bowling . ` I probably thought about the short ball too much in the end , and forgot about the rest of my batting . So I 've learned from that now , and hopefully I wo n't ever do that again . ' Moeen struggled with the short delivery against Sri Lanka and India -LRB- pictured -RRB- last year . And for those who have not yet erased from their memories Johnson 's demolition job on England 's batsmen during the 5-0 Ashes whitewash in 2013-14 , Moeen has some cautionary words . ` I think Starc is quicker than Johnson , ' he said . ` I think he 'll be more dangerous than him because of the swing . But let 's see what happens . I 've only faced Johnson once , and that was his first game back , so maybe he 's a bit quicker now . ' Moeen , who hopes to play for Worcestershire against Yorkshire on Sunday in the opening round of County Championship matches , wants to establish himself as the Test team 's No 1 spinner . Moeen says that he worked on facing short deliveries during the World Cup earlier this year . Nineteen wickets at 23 against India last summer was a good start . And he has been working on his doosra , which was briefly unveiled against Sri Lanka at Headingley a year ago , but has remained under wraps during the ICC 's recent purge against dodgy bowling actions . ` I feel like I 'm bowling it quite well , ' he said . ` It was n't right at the time , but now that I feel like I 've got it right . But a lot of players got banned , so I 've got to err on the careful side of things . I think in the future I 'd definitely like to bowl it . ` I feel like I 'm part of the team now . But I do n't take anything for granted . I still play every game like it 's my first and my last game . I 'm looking forward to going out to the West Indies and performing . '