The woman who was tragically killed when her car washed away in flood waters in Maitland has been identified as an elderly great-grandmother who was popping out for milk . The body of Anne Jarmain , 86 , was found at 7 pm on Wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed Cessnock Road , which in the NSW Hunter Region . Her family and friend are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ` strong-willed ' woman to stay at home . After two days without power and with limited food supplies , Ms Jarmain insisted on making a ` quick trip ' into town . Scroll down for video . Police battled wild flood water as they searched for Ms Jarmain 's vehicle at the scene of the tragic accident . Anne Jarmain 's car was washed off the road when she tried to overtake a stalled car over flood waters . Family and friends of those who jumped in the water to rescue the women trapped in the car watch by the side of the floodwaters . ` We sent over -LRB- some hot water to her -RRB- at 7.30 am and that 's when she said she said she was going into town , ' her neighbour of 12 years , Kath Wilkinson told the Newcastle Herald . ` She had said she would have loved to go and visit Jim -LRB- her husband -RRB- , who is in a nursing home , but she knew she would n't be able to . ` We told her she did n't need to go , but she yelled out to -LRB- my husband -RRB- Geoff to thank him when she left , ' Ms Wilkinson explained . Ms Jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled Falcon before 9 am on Wednesday . Around ten people immediately ran into the water , with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the icy , fast-moving water . Ms Jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled Falcon before 9 am on Wednesday . Ms Jarmain went missing in Maitland on Wednesday morning . Sadly , her body was found that night . Police divers seen entering the water where a major rescue operation is underway when Ms Jarmain was missing . The car was swept away near Cessnock Road in Maitland . A helicopter and police divers searched until Ms Jarmain 's body was recovered . However , her car went nose-first into the water and was swept into the flooded Wallis Creek . Ms Jarmain 's son , Trevor says he is very moved by the efforts of bystanders to help . Ms Jarmain was a beloved mother of three ; Trevor , Robert and Jennifer and treasured grandmother and great-grandmother to many . ` She was healthy and active and very strong willed , ' Trevor told Fairfax . ` She was an avid bowler and was a member of the Telarah Bowling Club . ` She will be sadly missed . ' Anne Jarmain loved bowls , feeding the magpies on her veranda and her husband , Jim . A police officer at the scene on Wednesday when the search for Ms Jarmain was ongoing . The Premier is touring flood damaged areas in NSW as thousands remain effected by fierce storms which battered Sydney and the Hunter earlier this week . NSW Premier Mike Baird is touring the area and says he is shocked at the devastation caused by flooding in the Hunter . The Premier admits it will be a long time before victims are back on their feet . ` Homes , cattle , this whole landscape has been completely and utterly devastated , ' Mr Baird said in Maitland after a helicopter tour of the region . ` I was in shock ... at the size and scale of what we are confronting . ' The state 's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the Hunter region . ` I do n't think many of us can imagine circumstances where our life is literally washed away , ' Mr Baird said on Thursday . ` Personal possessions , all your memories are lost in an instant . ' The Premier admits it will be a long time before victims are back on their feet , pictured at a press conference in the Hunter region on Thursday . The state 's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the Hunter region . Heartbroken residents comfort each other in Dungog after enduring wild and destructive storms for three days . The clean-up bill will run into the hundreds of millions of dollars and would take time , he said at SES headquarters in Metford . There are up to 2000 people stranded in the Hunter due to high waters . Provisions including baby formula , food and medication were being being ferried to people who are stranded in Gilliston Heights , near Maitland . ` Patience is going to be a big part of the next few days and weeks , ' the premier said . It will be a long time before storm-battered victims get back on their feet , he said . The SES has responded to more than 14,000 requests for assistance since Sunday . SES Commissioner Adam Dent urged bosses to remain flexible in coming days , despite the clearer skies . ` It 's often when the rain stops and perhaps when less images are on TV that people take the focus away from our work , we still need to work for several days to come , ' he said . The devastation in the Hunter has ended lives , destroyed homes and ruined countless possessions .