Twickenham will stage a thunderous collision between two French juggernauts in 13 days ' time , although Toulon 's crusade to win an unprecedented third successive European title nearly stalled at Stade Velodrome on Sunday . On this faltering , unconvincing evidence , the holders of the last Heineken Cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop Clermont Auvergne from claiming the inaugural Champions Cup . Bernard Laporte 's stellar side did n't come to life until this dismal encounter went into extra-time and they were only galvanised once they had been reduced to 14 men , when Ali Williams was sin-binned for taking out Devin Toner in the air . Toulon winger Bryan Habana races away for a decisive try in extra-time against Leinster . Habana intercepted Ian Madigan 's long pass to race away unopposed at Stade Velodrome . Leinster full back Rob Kearney beats Toulon flanker Juan Fernandez Lobbe to a high ball in the first-half . Instead of being undermined by the loss of the ex-All Blacks lock , Toulon scored the crucial points while he was off the field . Their victory was founded on the composed goal-kicking of their Welsh Lion at full-back , Leigh Halfpenny , who finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion . Leinster attempted to capitalise on their numerical advantage and it backfired in the 90th minute as Ian Madigan 's long pass was intercepted by Bryan Habana and the Springbok wing stormed clear to for the game 's only try . That the one fleeting flicker of creativity stemmed from an error was fitting . The Irish province would n't go quietly and when Sean O'Brien went over from a close-range lineout drive , they were back in the hunt with five minutes remaining , but it was n't to be . So , the climax of the new continental tournament will have a familiar feel . Toulon vs Clermont is an all-French repeat of the 2013 Heineken Cup Final in Dublin , which the Cote d'Azur club won despite being dominated by Clermont for much of the game . Last year , they gave Jonny Wilkinson the perfect career sign-off with another triumph in Cardiff -- where Saracens were dispatched -- and now they are closing in on a hat-trick . But there was no swagger about them on Sunday , or any sustained power surges for that matter . It was unusually wet by the Mediterranean and the conditions made handling difficult , but that did n't account for the sheer deluge of fumbles made by both sides . As a showcase of Europe 's elite event , this stop-start contest left much to be desired . For all the effort and commitment , there was no fluency or cohesion , no rhythm or flow . The teams simply took it in turns to launch a raid and either spill the ball or concede a turnover . Leinster centre Madigan fires over one of his five successful penalties against Toulon . English referee Wayne Barnes became the pantomime villain of the home supporters for repeatedly penalising their idols , but he had every right to on several occasions , particularly when Xavier Chiocci , the Toulon loosehead prop , was being dismantled by Ireland tighthead Mike Ross in the scrum . As an occasion , this was several notches below the blood-and-thunder epic between Clermont and Saracens in St Etienne 24 hours earlier . Clermont 's ` Yellow Army ' -- or ` Jaunards ' -- created a raucous , partisan atmosphere which was n't matched here by the Toulon hordes . There was a healthy crowd in excess of 35,000 , but that was a long way short of capacity and the noise was often restricted to boos for the officials . Even the Mexican Waves late on were half-hearted . Leinster blindside Jordi Murphy does brilliantly to get up and disrupt a Toulon lineout . Still , it was not all grim . Steffon Armitage made his trademark breakdown impact after coming on as a replacement and Halfpenny 's class stood out throughout -- not just as a goal-kicker but , crucially , in the way he handled the aerial onslaught with aplomb . The Wales idol had landed four penalties in normal time but saved his best for the end of the first half of extra-time -- just before Habana 's try -- when he struck from halfway , with inches to spare . Afterwards , he reflected on the prospect of a first appearance in Europe 's elite final , saying : ` It 's what I grew up dreaming about . Toulon No 8 Chris Masoe makes a strong run as Leinster scrum half Isaac Boss tries to make the tackle . ` I grew up watching European Cup Finals and you work hard day-in , day-out to be involved in big games like that . For me , coming to Toulon with the success they ' ve achieved and the ambition they have , I wanted to be part of that . I was fortunate enough to be given the opportunity . ' Toulon were fortunate that he took his opportunities on Sunday . It meant that their shortcomings were not critically exposed and they will surely rouse themselves to far greater heights for the final . Their showdown with Clermont will shake Twickenham to its foundations . These twin French giants are the dominant forces of the era - the rest of Europe are chasing their shadows . Toulon full back Leigh Halfpenny makes no mistake from the kicking tee after Leinster infringed .