CCTV footage of the devastating moment a man put his brother in a coma with a single punch has been released for the first time , with the brother responsible soon to learn if he will serve prison time . Downing Centre Local Court showed the security footage of the violent altercation between Irishman Barry Lyttle and his younger brother , Patrick , during a sentence hearing on Wednesday . Prosecutor Alex Poulos called for Barry , from Belfast in Ireland 's north , to face a full-time jail term as it was the ` only appropriate sentence ' after the violent incident in Sydney in January . Scroll down for video . After being pushed by Patrick Lyttle , his brother retaliates with a single punch -LRB- left -RRB- which causes his brother to fall to the ground , his head snapping back and body crumpling -LRB- right -RRB- . Barry Lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge . Magistrate Graeme Curran said a jail sentence was likely , explaining ` the issue is whether or not I suspend a prison term ' . Barry could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail , despite his brother 's calls for the charges to be dropped . On Thursday , security footage was shown for the first time , revealing the details of the distressing altercation outside Hugo 's Lounge in Sydney 's Potts Point when Patrick received a single blow to the head during an argument with his brother Barry . In court on Thursday , Patrick comforted his inconsolable brother as they watched the footage . Before the fight the brothers , who had only been reunited for a holiday in Australia for a matter of days , are seen chatting jovially and patting each other on the back affectionately . But after leaving the bar a fight escalated quickly . The court saw footage of the brothers standing nose-to-nose , exchanging some tense words . As Barry starts to walk away from the argument , Patrick pushes his big brother roughly . Patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on January 3 . Patrick Lyttle -LRB- middle -RRB- has called on charges against his brother Barry -LRB- left -RRB- to be dropped . The brothers from Belfast in Ireland -LRB- pictured here as children -RRB- went on a night out on January 3 in Kings Cross . Mr Lyttle pleaded guilty after the crown declined to downgrade the charge against him . The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . A split second later , Barry retaliates with a brutal punch to Patrick 's head . It is a distressing scene as Patrick 's head snaps back from the force of Barry 's blow . His body buckles beneath him and he crumples to the ground , his head slamming against the pavement . As Patrick lies unresponsive on the ground , a clearly-distressed Barry immediately rushes to his brother 's side , frantically trying to revive him . Patrick nearly lost his life after suffering traumatic head injuries . He was found by emergency services in a pool of blood and vomit , and remained in a coma at Sydney 's St Vincent 's Hospital for six days after the January 3 altercation . Patrick says he has since made a ` fantastic recovery . ' Barry pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm , whilst his brother called for the charges to be dismissed . Barry Lyttle -LRB- pictured left -RRB- has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick -LRB- right -RRB- grievous bodily harm . The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Barry -LRB- centre -RRB- should be dropped . Patrick Lyttle -LRB- right -RRB- said he had made a ` fantastic recovery ' On Thursday , Patrick delivered an impassioned victim 's statement , pleading for Barry to be spared a prison sentence and for the family to be allowed to return to Ireland together to ` heal ' . ` When my family is healed I will be healed , ' Patrick Lyttle told the court . ` It has been an awful ordeal for me but everyone can see it has been for Barry too . ` Victims often want to see deterrence . But everyone can see how much my brother has suffered . ' Patrick also pointed out their father Oliver 's health has greatly suffered as a result of the trauma . Their father was in Australia with the two men on what had intended as a trip of a lifetime , but has become a nightmare . Barry Lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother , Patrick , and his girlfriend , Patricia last week . ` He does n't want to go home without his two sons , ' Patrick said . Patrick asked the court to consider allowing Barry to return to Ireland so the brothers can embark on a career in youth work , telling young people their story to warn of the dangers of violence . Barry 's lawyer Chris Watson said his client was remorseful , unlikely to re-offend and of good character . The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence . Barry Lyttle 's barrister Chris Watson said the punch was a ` very emotional , spur of the moment act ' that immediately followed being aggressively attacked by his brother , and that Barry Lyttle had immediately shown ` an extreme level of contrition and remorse ' , according to the Sydney Morning Herald . Any animosity between the two has since gone and they walked from court together on Thursday , as they have done at earlier appearances . Barry will return to court for sentencing on April 24 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .