Chelsea will face Paris Saint-Germain , the French team who knocked Jose Mourinho 's side out of the Champions League this season , in a pre-season friendly in July . The Blues , who were sent crashing out on away goals at the last-16 stage following a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge , will play PSG in North Carolina on July 25 . It is one of three games Mourinho 's side will feature in across the pond as they gear up to defend a probable Premier League title . John Terry leads the celebrations as Chelsea close in on the Premier League title with a 0-0 draw at Arsenal . Eden Hazard , the PFA Player of the Year , will line-up for Chelsea when they travel to the USA in the summer . New York Red Bulls - July 22 - New Jersey . Paris Saint-Germain - July 25 - Charlotte , North Carolina . Barcelona - July 28 - Washington D.C. Fiorentina - August 5 - Stamford Bridge . Chelsea , 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play , will also face the New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Spanish giants Barcelona six days later in Washington . Chelsea fans will then get to see their side before the Premier League campaign kicks-off with a friendly against Fiorentina at Stamford Bridge on August 5 . All four matches mark Chelsea 's participation in this summer 's pre-season International Champions Cup with Manchester United , who Mourinho 's side will not face , LA Galaxy , Porto and San Jose Earthquakes also involved . ` I 'm pleased we are able to announce our fixtures for what promises to be an exciting summer , ' said Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck . ` As promised , we face some excellent opposition across several iconic venues in the United States and to top it off we are delighted to be hosting Fiorentina at Stamford Bridge in front of our loyal fans . ` The tour allows us to prepare fully for the 2015/16 campaign , and I am also pleased to confirm we will be continuing the important work of the Chelsea Foundation during the trip . ' United reached the final of the 2014 International Champions Cup , beating Liverpool 3-1 in Miami , but had travelled about 13,500 miles during the two-and-a-half week tournament . They played LA Galaxy , Roma , Inter Milan and Real Madrid before the final , with 109,318 fans packed inside of The Big House to witness their 3-1 win against the Spanish giants in Michigan .