Book of the week . NATURALISTS IN PARADISE : WALLACE , BATES AND SPRUCE IN THE AMAZON . By John Hemming . -LRB- Thames & Hudson £ 19.95 -RRB- . Back in 1961 three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon . One of them , Richard Mason , became the last Englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe , when he was murdered with bows and arrows . The second , Kit Lambert , went on to manage The Who . But for the third , John Hemming , the trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region , and a distinguished career writing about it . Bird of paradise : A musician wren . More than 50 years on , that same fascination still shines out of every page of Naturalists In Paradise , the compelling story of an earlier trio of young British explorers . At first sight - and several subsequent ones - ` paradise ' might n't seem the obvious word to describe the Amazon basin in the mid 19th century . A huge anti-government uprising had destroyed much of whatever infrastructure there had been . River transport , the only kind available , still relied on getting the local Indians to do the paddling - or , when faced with waterfalls and rapids , the heavy lifting . Flooding could cause chunks of land , some of several acres , to come hurtling down the river , smashing everything in their way . And of course , there was a spectacular array of biting and stinging insects - including mosquitoes , which nobody had yet linked to malaria . Nonetheless , for naturalists as driven as Alfred Russel Wallace , Henry Bates and Richard Spruce , a paradise is exactly what the Amazon was . Even after being attacked by a particularly nasty species of wasp , Spruce wrote of his admiration for ` their beauty , ingenuity and heroic ferocity ' . These days , the image of 19th-century British travellers is perhaps of public-school types airily bossing the natives about , possibly from a sedan chair . Well , not in this case - because Wallace , Bates and Spruce were all classic examples of Victorian self-improvement . None was from a rich family and none went to school beyond 14 . All , however , soon set about the urgent task of educating themselves . At 15 , Bates was working 13 hours a day , six days a week , as a hosiery apprentice . Fortunately , that did n't prevent him from learning Greek , Latin , French , Drawing and Composition at the local Mechanics ' Institute in Leicester , or from developing a passion for natural history . Naturalist Richard Spruce . The young Wallace loved nothing better than to curl up with the poetry of Milton or Dante - until he discovered the joys of plant classification . Aged 17 , Spruce carefully listed 403 species of plants near his Yorkshire home , before surrendering to the seemingly irresistible appeal of mosses and liverworts . When Wallace and Bates met in Leicester in 1844 , apparently at the public library , they immediately realised they were kindred spirits . Four years later , still in their early 20s and having found a London agent to sell any specimens they sent back , they sailed to Brazil , which was already recognised as an ecological treasure-trove . In fact , after a few months together , the pair amicably separated . -LRB- Bates preferred to stay in one place for months at a time , while Wallace liked to go wherever his more impulsive nose led him . -RRB- A year later , Spruce arrived to begin his own Amazon adventures , bumping into the others only occasionally . What followed was a story - or three stories - of quietly stirring heroism . Sad to say , in the port of Bélem where they landed , the biggest difference from England that Wallace and Bates noticed was the comparative lack of drunkenness . Once they headed inland , though , they were in another world entirely . They were also among people either puzzled or amused that they had come so far just to collect some plants and animals . In general , the Indians proved remarkably hospitable , as well as astonishingly skilful boatmen . Not all tribal traditions were to English tastes - including the one where the dead were buried in the village 's huts , dug up a month later , cooked , pounded into a powder , mixed with alcohol and drunk by the assembled company . The non-Indian locals , meanwhile , were a distinctly mixed bunch . In one village , Bates was amazed to come across a man whose mud-hut contained a library of well-thumbed Latin classics . In another , Wallace was both shocked and delighted by a cheerfully dissolute priest . As an Amazon explorer himself , Hemming describes the endless hardships almost matter-of-factly , which only makes it clearer how hair-raising they were . Even so , when it comes to understatement , he 's still no match for the three Victorians . After Wallace shot part of his own hand off , he confessed to feeling ` rather miserable ' . Later , he described the ants eating him alive as ` not the most agreeable companions ' . Above all , though , these men collected : gathering specimens of every conceivable type , no matter what condition they were in . ` With bleeding feet and an empty stomach , I found the journey sufficiently toilsome , ' wrote Spruce of one trip . ` But this did not prevent me gathering plants ' - although , on a wimpier note , when he was ` near dying of hunger ' he did collect only in the afternoons . Then there was the equally tricky business of preserving the specimens in wet jungle conditions until they could be packaged up for the journey to London . As Hemming emphasises , it 's almost miraculous that so much of what the three collected made it back in such good condition . Bates alone managed to send 14,712 species , with the number of specimens naturally far higher . The biggest loss , in fact , came when the boat on which Wallace was travelling home in 1852 caught fire , destroying his notebooks and the live animals he 'd brought with him . Happily , he was rescued after only a week in an open boat 700 miles from land . A lesser man might well have been discouraged by the experience . Yet within two years , Wallace was off again , this time for eight years of collecting in Asia . There , he also developed a theory of natural selection that Charles Darwin realised was virtually the same as the one he himself had been sitting on for two decades - and so quickly set about writing The Origin Of Species . ` I could never have approached the completeness of his book , ' Wallace generously declared when it was published . Meanwhile , back in Amazonia , Bates and Spruce were still collecting away ... Hemming tells the story of this extraordinary trio without hype , wisely content to let the facts and their own reflections speak largely for themselves . He does , however , add the occasional telling update : we learn that some of the tribes that helped the three men are sadly now extinct . But perhaps the most striking moment of all comes with a short footnote on page 106 that reminds us how much the world has changed . Having sailed through a series of thunderstorms , Spruce gets separated from his companions on a jungle trek and fears he 's going to die . But then , deep in the lonely forest , he hears something he 's long dreamed of hearing : a musician wren , which sings like a music box . ` Modern readers , ' the footnote reads , ` can hear this bird by visiting www.xeno-canto.org and searching for `` musician wren '' . ' Try it . I guarantee that it will brighten your day .