Downton Abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice -- for the sharp-tongued Dowager Countess is among a clutch of characters who may return to our screens . Played by Dame Maggie Smith in the ITV drama , Violet , Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age , from Downton creator Julian Fellowes . Made by the US network NBC , The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York in the late 19th Century -- meaning that Violet will be seen as her far younger self , with events taking place decades before the first series of Downton Abbey . Scroll down for video . Played by Dame Maggie Smith in the ITV drama , Violet , Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age . There may also be a place for Robert , the Earl of Grantham , and his wife Cora , who is American-born . Lord Fellowes told The Mail on Sunday : ` Robert Grantham would be in his early teens , Cora would be a child . A young Violet could make an appearance . ' He said that plans for the series had yet to be finalised , adding : ` We 'll have to see . ' Sources at NBC said last week the network ` is buzzing ' about The Gilded Age , which will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists such as Cornelius Vanderbilt , John Jacob Astor and John D. Rockefeller who accumulated gigantic fortunes in the late 19th Century . The source said scouts were seeking ` the American Downton ' , saying : ` One of the Vanderbilt mansions is a front-runner . Julian wants a month off after finishing Downton , but then it is full steam ahead . ' NBC President Robert Greenblatt told a meeting of TV critics he hoped The Gilded Age would ` come to life sometime next season ' -- which could mean it is on air as early as September . The sixth and final series of Downton Abbey goes out later this year on ITV . Set in 19th Century New York and focusing on the city 's most privileged families , American-born Cora -LRB- played by Elizabeth McGovern -RRB- may also reappear .