David Cameron has called on people to ` feel proud to say this is a Christian country ' , in his annual Easter message . As the election campaign slowed to mark the Easter weekend , the Prime Minister hailed the work of the Church and condemned the persecution of Christians following the massacre in Kenya . Mr Cameron 's praise for the Church comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ` fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be ' which was widely seen as an attack on the Coalition 's welfare cuts . Scroll down for video . David Cameron feeds orphaned lambs on Dean Lane farm near the village of Chadlington in the Cotswolds . Mr Cameron took a break from the campaign trail to visit the orphaned lambs in the nearby farm in his constituency . Mr Cameron was taken t visit the lambs with farmer Julian Tustian at Dean Lane farm just outside the village of Chadlington . The Archbishop of Canterbury , the Most Rev Justin Welby , has condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders raising concerns about the shape of the economy . In his video message the Prime Minister , who has defended the right of the Church to intervene in political debate , said Easter was ' time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays in our national life ' . ` The Church is not just a collection of beautiful old buildings ; it is a living , active force doing great works across our country , ' he said . ` When people are homeless , the Church is there with hot meals and shelter . When people are addicted or in debt ; when people are suffering , or grieving - the Church is there . ' ` Across Britain , Christians do n't just talk about ` loving thy neighbour ' , they live it out ... in faith schools , in prisons , in community groups . ` And it 's for all these reasons that we should feel proud to say : this is a Christian country . ` Yes , we are a nation that embraces , welcomes and accepts all faiths and none but we are still a Christian country . ' Prime Minister David Cameron said Easter was ` time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays ' in the UK . The PM , whose severely disabled son Ivan died in 2009 , said that he knew ' from the most difficult times in my own life , that the kindness of the church can be a huge comfort ' . The slaughter at Garissa University College in Kenya , where al Qaida-affiliated al-Shabab gunmen specifically sought out and killed Christian students , has been condemned by the Pope and other leaders as they mark Easter . ` We have a duty to speak out about the persecution of Christians around the world too , ' Mr Cameron said . ` It is truly shocking to know that in 2015 , there are still Christians being threatened , tortured - even killed - because of their faith ... ` I n the coming months , we must continue to speak as one voice for freedom of belief . ` So this Easter , we should keep in our thoughts all those Christians facing persecution abroad and give thanks for all those Christians who are making a real difference here at home . ' Deputy prime minister Nick Clegg said : ' While politicians in the UK are busy on the campaign trail , we must not forget the cruel and barbaric killings that took place in Kenya . ` The thoughts of people here are very much with the families and friends of the murdered students in Garissa University . ' Mr Cameron and his wife attended an Easter Sunday service at St Nicholas church in Chadlington , near Chipping Norton . The Prime Minister has hailed the Church as a ` living active force doing great works ' for the poor and homeless . Labour leader Ed Miliband said ` fear and uncertainty ' were issues for Christians both in the UK and abroad . ` In the midst of the Easter celebrations our hearts go out to those who face difficult times both overseas and closer to home . My thoughts are particularly with Christians in Syria , Iraq and other countries where the church suffers terrible persecution , ' he wrote in a post on Facebook . ` According to the International Society for Human Rights , Christians are the victims of 80 % of all acts of religious discrimination in the world today . We must all do everything we can to speak out against this evil and work to alleviate the suffering of those who are persecuted simply for their creed . ` But we do n't need to travel far to find families facing fear and uncertainty . Over two million children are now living in poverty in the UK . I have admiration for those church members and Christian charities that provide support and hope to those in need . ` Over the Easter weekend millions of Christians will attend Easter services and events up and down the country . Through such gatherings , the Church shares the story of the resurrection , and spreads the good news of Easter . ` In the months to come I hope that we will all stand up for justice , serve the most vulnerable and work to positively transform our communities together . '