Union barons handed Ed Miliband more than £ 1.6 million in the first week of the election campaign -- treble the donations received by the Tories . Figures released by the Electoral Commission revealed that Labour received £ 1.9 million in the week to April 5 , with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions . It included a £ 1million cheque from Unite , entrenching Labour 's reliance on the union 's militant boss Len McCluskey . Ed Miliband received £ 1.6 m from union barons in the first week of the election campaign , figures have revealed . Conservative donations totalled just over £ 500,000 in the first week of the campaign , with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds . Critics have accused Labour of being bound by its union paymasters after the party unveiled policies including raising corporation tax , introducing a mansion tax , repealing the benefits cap , nationalising the railways and scrapping employment tribunal fees . Since Mr Miliband became party leader , thanks largely to union backing , nearly £ 7 in every £ 10 donated to Labour has come from the unions -- amounting to more than £ 40million . In the first round of election donations registered , £ 506,240 was given by Unison , while the CWU gave £ 51,072 . Labour received a £ 1million cheque from Unite , entrenching Labour 's reliance on the union 's militant boss Len McCluskey -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The party did attract one large business donation , from property tycoon Sir David Garrard . The former tax exile , who was involved in the cash-for-honours controversy , gave £ 250,000 . Ukip received only £ 35,416 in the period but last night its coffers were boosted by a £ 1million donation from Daily Express owner Richard Desmond , who gave £ 300,000 last year . In the week to April 5 , the Conservatives received £ 501,850 and the Lib Dems £ 20,000 . One of the most generous gifts to the Tories -- £ 75,000 -- came from Michael Tory , who was in charge of Lehman Brothers ' UK investment banking division when the bank nearly crashed the West 's economy . Sawsan Asfari , wife of long-time Tory donor and oil executive Ayman Asfari , gave £ 20,000 . Syrian-born Mr Asfari , who has given the Tories about £ 400,000 , was made a ` business ambassador ' by David Cameron last year . Home insurance boss Richard Harpin of Homeserve gave £ 50,000 . His company was fined £ 30million last year for a mis-selling scandal . Hedge fund manager , James Diner , who once dated model Caprice , gave £ 25,000 while socialite Fitriani Hay , who co-owns property development firm JMP Group with her racehorse-owning husband James , donated £ 66,850 . Ukip received £ 25,000 from Robin Birley , who is also bankrolling Tory chief whip Michael Gove 's re-election campaign . Nick Clegg 's friend Anthony Ullmann , boss of polyester yarn company Autofil , and Joseph Zammit-Lucia , who describes himself as a ` compulsive contrarian ' on his website , each gave £ 10,000 to the Lib Dems . Tory candidate Henry Smith said : ` The union fatcats have once again lavished the dosh on Ed Miliband . That 's because they know he 's a weak leader who 'll dance to more than one tune : not only SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon 's , but their 's too . Those tunes mean more spending , more borrowing and Britain back to bankruptcy . ' Conservative donations totalled just over £ 500,000 in the first week of the campaign , with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds . David Cameron and Ed Miliband are indulging in fantasy economics , the TaxPayers ' Alliance claimed . It said both parties were making unrealistic spending pledges to win votes . The think-tank 's Jonathan Isaby said : ` It 's clear that nobody is facing up to the true scale of the deficit reduction challenge . ` It is a fantasy to pretend that you can balance Britain 's books without significant spending reductions , and politicians must come clean about what they will be . Voters deserve real honesty . '