Boris Johnson today fire an extraordinary attack on the Labour party , claiming Ed Miliband wants to go back to the ` nasty , racist ' era of the 1970s . The London Mayor , who today launched the Tory campaign in the capital , said the Labour leader was ` hostile ' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an ` orgy of regulation and state socialism ' . He also claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while the Greens want a return to ` somewhere around the bronze age ' . Scroll down for video . London Mayor Boris Johnson today launched the Tory campaign in London with a speech in Hartley Hall , Mill Hill . Mr Johnson told voters that if they vote Conservative they will get broadband but if they vote Ukip they will get Miliband . Mr Johnson was mobbed by fans at the launch in Mill Hill , North London where he posed for selfies with supporters . He was joined at the event by Hendon candidate Matthew Offord and his dog Max , and International Development Secretary Justine Greening . As the mayor arrived he could be heard asking whether he needed to show his ID to get in . Launching his attack on Labour , Mr Johnson told voters that if they vote Conservative they will get broadband but if they vote Ukip they will get Miliband . He also joked the Tories were the party of ` kitchen ownership ' while Labour was the party of ` kitchen concealment ' . Mr Johnson also said he believed the polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the Conservatives . He described the party 's formula as ` wealth creation for a moral purpose ' . In his speech , Mr Johnson repeatedly mocked Mr Miliband over the revelation he has two kitchens in his £ 2million North London home . He said : ` I do n't mind if he is so lazy he would rather not go downstairs to make a cup of tea shortly before binge-watching Breaking Bad or whatever he does . ` I mind very much that he is instinctively and intuitively hostile to the liberating policy of home ownership . We are the party of home ownership , of kitchen ownership . They are the party of hypocrisy and kitchen concealment . ' Mr Johnson cuddled up to a dog wearing a blue rosette supporting local Tory candidate Matthew Offord . Mr Johnson was mobbed by fans wanting pictures and selfies when he visited a cafe Mill Hill , North London . A large media scrum followed Mr Johnson as he went on his walkabout around north west London . He also visited a shop , with Tory party leaflets in hand , to drum up support for the Conservatives . Mr Johnson is expected to campaign across the country as a senior Conservative who appeals to voters which other ministers can not reach . Progress through the streets of Hendon was slow as he stopped for selfies with supporters . He hailed the Conservatives ' record on connectivity , saying : ` If you vote Tory you get broadband , if you vote Ukip you get Miliband . ' The ` main problem ' with the Labour leader is not his inability to eat a bacon sandwich , the mayor went on , or that he sounds like a ` polytechnic sociology lecturer ' . Nor is it that he and Ed Balls drove the car ` so spectacularly off the cliff ' the last time they had the keys , he added , calling them the ` Thelma and Louise of British politics ' . He said : ` The main problem is not even that they would be the playthings of the SNP and that Ed Miliband would be peeking out of Alex Salmond 's sporran like a baby kangaroo . ` The main problem is that Ed Miliband and the Labour Party are now more left-wing than they have ever been at any time since Michael Foot . ` They literally want to take us back to the 1970s with an orgy of regulation and state socialism . ' Mr Johnson said he believed the polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the Conservatives . It echoed comments made in a speech last night , in which Mr Johnson said Mr Miliband does not see that wealth creation has a moral purpose . ` And by attacking wealth creation both in rhetoric and his actions , he would take this country backwards to those 1970s that I spoke of with an orgy of higher taxation and regulation . I remember the 1970s . I would n't want to go back . ` It was a nasty , grim , petty epoch of really foul racism , frankly , and a union-dominated economy , ' he told an event organised by the Legatum Institute think tank . Mr Johnson also joked that Ukip wanted to take the country back to the 1950s , the Greens to ` somewhere around the bronze age ' and the Liberal Democrats to whatever would give them a boost in the polls . He added : ` We are the only party presenting ourselves for election that thinks , broadly speaking , that today is better than yesterday . ` And tomorrow , broadly speaking , is going to be better than today . We have a fantastic story to tell . '