Patrick Bamford enhanced Middlesbrough 's automatic promotion bid by equalling the club 's record goal return of the modern era . Bamford , the on-loan Chelsea forward , struck his 15th of the campaign , to match the tally of Colombian Hamilton Ricard during the 1998-99 Premier League season . No one has scored more in the 16 intervening years . His deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn victory over relegation-threatened Wigan , who now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing League One football just two years after shocking Manchester City in the FA Cup final at Wembley . Middlesbrough striker Patrick Bamford , on loan from Chelsea , scores the opening goal via a deflection . Bamford celebrates his 17th goal of the season , the fourth that he has scored in his last four games . Middlesbrough : Konstantopoulos , Kalas , Woodgate , Gibson , Friend , Clayton , Leadbitter , Reach , Bamford , Adomah , Vossen . Subs : Tiendalli , Amorebieta , Garcia , Tomlin , Ripley , Whitehead , Forshaw . Wigan : Al Habsi , Boyce , Maguire , Pearce , Bong , Pennant , Perch , Kim , McClean , Clarke , Murphy . Subs : Carson , McCann , Ojo , Barnett , Fortune , Waghorn , Kvist Jorgensen . Referee : Stuart Attwell . Despite being five points adrift of safety , the Lancashire club arrived with an impressive away record , having taken 21 of their 35 points away from the DW Stadium and winning their last four games on the road . However , no second-tier side have taken more points on their own turf than Middlesbrough and Bamford made it nine victories in 10 attempts at the Riverside . It was from a classic counter-attack that Aitor Karanka 's team took the lead . A Wigan free-kick invoked panic in the home penalty area as Dimi Konstantopoulos dropped a high ball at the feet of Leon Clarke , whose instinctive prod goalwards then fortuitously struck the Middlesbrough goalkeeper . But Boro seized on the loose ball and within seconds they had scored . Adam Clayton 's pass utilised Albert Adomah 's pace and Boro were lucky when Jelle Vossen 's heavy touch from a right-wing cross set up Bamford . He curled his shot goalward from 20 yards and a slight deflection off Wigan defender Jason Pearce took it beyond the grasp of his goalkeeper Ali Al-Habsi . Jonathan Woodgate plays the ball out of defence as Middlesbrough looked in control for long periods . Albert Adomah gets dow the outside of Josh Murphy as Middlesbrough continued their promotion push . Despite Bamford stealing the limelight , however , Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka praised the effort of his team . ` It was a very important win and performance , especially second half . The most important thing is to win the games , to rest well and to think about Monday 's game , ' said Karanka . ` Everything is going to be tighter . Everyone is playing for something . Wigan were playing to stay up and I think in all games someone has something to play for , so every game will be difficult . ` Everyone was tired after Bournemouth and there were a lot of games in February and March . Now after the break our heads are fresh and we have four games in the next two weeks . ` We have experienced players and a lot of games coming up now , Monday and Saturday . There are six games to go and we need all of the players . ` Patrick scored the goal but there were other players who contributed all around the field . ' Bamford is mobbed by his team-mates after the goal that sent Boro back to the top of the league . Malky Mackay 's side remain adrift in the relegation zone after a third defeat in their last five games . Wigan pressed hard for an equaliser after the break and it took a strong right hand from Konstantopoulos to keep out substitute Marc-Antoine Fortune 's effort just after the hour . ` I 'm really disappointed that we did n't get something out of the game , ' said Wigan manager Malky Mackay . ` We deserved something . ` Especially in the second half we went toe to toe with Middlesbrough , one of the best teams in the division , and I am disappointed for my players for the courage they showed . ' Adam Clayton brings down James Perch , but Wigan never really threatened to take the points off their hosts . Things got particularly nervy in injury time when Wigan -- with four up front -- were camped deep in home territory . Boro had their own chances to seal a more comfortable win but Adomah volleyed wide at the climax of a stunning team move and substitute Lee Tomlin , who coame on for Vossen in the 67th minute , failed to get sufficient contact on a close-range effort seconds after entering the action . Tomlin wasted another opportunity deep into injury time when he slalomed his way down the field on a breakaway but his shot came off the heel of covering defender Harry Maguire . But all Boro cared about was the three points .