Motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the SPFL over the issue of free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . And the Fir Park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from Championship promotion challengers Rangers and Hibernian . Under existing rules , the SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs . But a bid by the league board to force play-off finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of Â £ 15 for the play-off ties was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday . Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th . Expressing unease among the play-off finalists that the SPFL might be using the ties to milk supporters , Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish in the Premiership play-off place . ` All our focus at Motherwell in the next four games is fully on avoiding the play-offs altogether , ' said Burrows . ` We fully accept and appreciate that there are rules on this in place . ` But , in the eventuality that we are in 11th place come the play-offs , then it is not our intention to charge our season-ticket holders for the play-off final at Fir Park . ` We believe we have sold them tickets which entitle them to the full story of the season . ' Rangers sources said last night that the club have yet to reach a final decision on whether to seek an SPFL exemption which would allow them to let their 25,000 season ticket holders into play-off games for free . The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds but Motherwell want to offer free tickets . Hibs gained a one-off dispensation to give their most loyal fans free admission to last season 's home play-off clash with Hamilton . Sportsmail understands , however , that SPFL lawyers have already warned clubs that attempts to do the same this season will be strongly resisted as it would constitute a breach of league rules . Last week , a resolution by Hibs and Motherwell to have the 50-per-cent levy on play-off gates cut in half was defeated . Hibs argue their main concern is that fans are being fleeced to atone for the absence of a league sponsor . Accused of a cash grab to keep more of the play-off cash , Hibs argue their main concern is that fans are being fleeced to atone for the absence of a league sponsor for the last two seasons . Asked if he expects a fight on the matter from league chiefs , Burrows admitted : ` Based on what has gone previously , then yes . ' Â .