As Patrick Bamford fired home his 19th Middlesbrough goal of the season on Tuesday night , there was one question on everybody 's lips : can he make the grade at Chelsea next season ? The 21-year-old striker has been prolific in his loan spells at Boro , Derby and MK Dons , so much so that Sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks with him over a new deal . Needless to say it would see his wages rise from his current £ 7,500-a-week deal . He will also be given the chance to impress Jose Mourinho on Chelsea 's summer tour although at the end of it he is expected to go out on loan again . This time , though , Bamford will be sent to a Premier League club , preferably Aitor Karanka 's Middlesbrough should they join the Blues in the top flight . Scroll down for video . Patrcik Bamford -LRB- centre -RRB- scored in Middlesbrough 's their 2-1 Championship win over Wolves on Tuesday . Bamford reels away in celebration after netting his 19th goal of the season in all competitions for Boro . The 21-year-old 's -LRB- centre -RRB- sparkling form has led his parent club Chelsea to open talks over a new deal . The worry is that it is the same tactic the club employed with Romelu Lukaku , who was eventually sold to Everton . But Bamford is a confident young man and will believe he can emulate Tottenham 's Harry Kane and force Chelsea 's hand . Bamford is currently one of 26 players out on loan from Stamford Bridge - five of which are rival frontmen - while academy forwards Dominic Solanke and Isaiah Brown have already won elevation to the senior set-up . Then there are Diego Costa , Loic Remy and Didier Drogba already competing for that sole striking role . The chances of Bamford making his mark next season , you feel , are slim . But then were n't the chances of Kane scoring 29 goals for Spurs in his breakthrough season and then netting on his full England debut also outlandish ? Bamford has already impressed Mourinho with his attitude . The striker was sat with his dad and Chelsea 's technical director two years ago when the manager walked in and boldly demanded of the youngster , ` What do you want ? ' He was encouraged by the reply . ` To play for Chelsea , ' returned the well-mannered but equally brazen rookie . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho -LRB- right -RRB- has been impressed with Bamford 's attitude as well as his development . Romelu Lukaku -LRB- pictured in 2011 -RRB- was sold to Everton in the summer after failing to make the grade . Chelsea youth product Dominic Solanke -LRB- centre -RRB- has won elevation to the first-team squad this season . Tottenham striker Harry Kane -LRB- left -RRB- has scored 29 goals in his breakthrough season for the club . Bamford has always achieved his goals in life - be it straight A grades at Nottingham High School , teaching himself Spanish and to play guitar or , indeed , scoring goals as a footballer . He left Mourinho in no doubt as to his ultimate ambition . Last summer , when Mourinho convinced Bamford that Middlesbrough was the best place for him , the manager dispensed with his cool exterior and hugged his player . ` He was very emotional , ' recalls the 21-year-old . And there is the ace which Bamford holds - Mourinho likes him . In June he will line up alongside Spurs ' Kane for England at the Under 21 European Championships . Kane is just six weeks older and has plotted a similar path through the Football League . On Tuesday night he became Boro 's first player since 1990 to score 17 league goals in one season . The play-offs are Boro 's most likely destination . But for Bamford - favourite to land the Football League 's Young Player of the Year prize - the chance of a showcase match at Wembley is no bad thing . Asked to detail the aspects of his game which have improved this season , Bamford said : ` I now know how to use my strength in that position -LRB- lone striker -RRB- , and I can run a lot more . ' If Mourinho was listening it would have been music to his ears . For Bamford 's ability - the raw talent which persuaded Chelsea to prise him from Nottingham Forest as an 18-year-old after only 12 minutes of first-team football - has never been in question . That much was in evidence during the midweek win over Wolves . His goal was a ruthless combination of technique and instinct . At times he reminds you of a young Teddy Sheringham , but with more pace . But more eye-catching was the selfless pursuit of a hopeful punt forward when , after out-muscling and out-pacing his minders , he squared for a team-mate to score . There is , then , graft as well as craft . Silk allied to steel . But it is Bamford 's personality which is most endearing . Bamford scored in Middlesbrough 's surprise FA Cup fourth round win at Manchester City on January 24 . The striker 's style of play has been compared to ex-England and Tottenham forward Teddy Sheringham -LRB- left -RRB- . After training every day he goes home and practises guitar for ` one hour only ' because he does n't want to ` p *** off the neighbours ' . He already plays piano , violin and saxophone and is conversational in German as well as French . There was an offer from Harvard University to study economics , and he could even have followed his two sisters down a medicine and science route . He shunned all of that , however , for a career in football . Bamford knows what he wants , and so does Mourinho . He feels he is ready to make the grade at Chelsea . To do that , like Kane , he first needs the chance . Bamford enjoyed two loan spells at MK Dons before spending the second half of last season at Derby .