North West was a happy traveller on Tuesday as she arrived in Paris with her famous parents . The only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport . The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the Old City , as well as Kim 's home nation of Armenia . Scroll down for video . Someone 's happy ! North West wears a bright smile upon arriving in Paris with her parents . Giddy : The only only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the Charles-de-Gaulle airport . Happy girl : North wore a cute white knitted top with denim shorts and boots . On Monday , Kim , Kanye and Khloe arrived in Jerusalem 's Old City to visit Armenian church St James Cathedral in order to baptise the nearly-two-year-old girl . Archbishop Aris Shirvanian , an Armenian church official , revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . ` Kim Kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church , ' Shirvanian said , slightly perplexed by all the commotion . Home away from home : Paris is a favourite city of Kanye and Kim 's where they enjoyed the first half of their wedding celebrations . Family : The mother , father and daughter have been enjoying an Easter break together . Baptised : North was christened in Jerusalem 's Old City at the Armenian church St James Cathedral . Relatives : A number of Kim 's cousins and family members joined them in Paris . ` All I know is that she 's a famous personality . I do n't know her in person . In any case she is welcome with her family . ' A source tells E! that Khloe , who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans , is North 's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather -LRB- while uncommon , it is an option where there is n't one -RRB- . The insider described the ceremony as ` so special ' . The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . Afterwards , the family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at Mona Restaurant . Members of reality TV 's first family touched down Monday in the Holy Land for what was described as a private two-day visit . They family had earlier arrived in a private jet at Israel 's international airport before being whisked away in a dark black SUV to a hotel in Jerusalem . She 's pushy : Kim took command of the pram as they arrived in Paris . Goofing around : Kim zig-zags the pushchair across the baggage claims floor for North 's amusement . Big ceremony ? According to the Daily Star , Kimye are hoping to host the ceremony at the Eiffel Tower . The following day they headed over to Paris , a second home for Kanye , Kim and their daughter , and reportedly where the married couple will renew their wedding vows . According to the Daily Star , Kimye are hoping to host the ceremony at the Eiffel Tower . A source told the paper : ` They could n't imagine anywhere more romantic to celebrate one year of married life . ' However , his initial idea of having the tower illuminated with their names has been refused by the authorities.A source added to the Daily Star newspaper : ' -LSB- He was -RSB- a bit upset . He thought he could pull a few strings , but they said ` non ' . ' The couple wed in Florence , Italy in May last year and now they are allegedly setting up a romantic boat trip on the River Seine , where they weill be serenaded by opera singers and a string quartet . In she goes ! Kim carries North into the car to take them to their Paris apartment .