An armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman , shooting and killing Census Bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded . Ronald Anderson , 48 , who was charged in the crime spree , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend , according to court documents obtained on Friday . It all took place on his birthday . Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington , D.C. , suburb of Prince George 's County , according to court records . He was released the day of his arrest . Scroll down for video . Ronald Anderson , 48 , was arrested after he kidnapped a woman , shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left the suspect and a police officer wounded . Anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend . The guard , identified as Lawrence Buckner , died at a hospital in Cheverly , Maryland , at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known . The officer responding to a domestic dispute call said that the man 's girlfriend was clearly afraid . ` The victim was shaking , crying and was whispering while speaking because she was afraid of the suspect hearing her , ' the officer wrote , according to the documents . The woman , whose 10-month-old son was home , told police that Anderson had hit her several times , knocking her into walls , because he thought she was looking at another man , the records say . Another court record filed in D.C. Superior Court shows that Anderson pleaded guilty to manslaughter while armed in 1991 in Washington , D.C. No other details were immediately available about that case . Anderson 's attorney 's phone number rang busy Friday . He has been charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer in Thursday 's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition . More serious charges could follow in the jurisdiction where the guard was killed . Anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting . A drug charge related to his February case had been set for a dismissal hearing Friday , but that was canceled . The trial on the assault charge is set for July . The officer and suspect , who has not been named , were both conscious when they were taken for medical care , D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told a news conference . Police search a parking garage on the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters campus for the armed man . The wounded officer is recovering . The Census Bureau guard who was shot , Lawrence Buckner , 59 , died at a hospital in Cheverly , Maryland , at 7.19 pm Thursday . Anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting . A drug charge related to his February case had been set for a dismissal hearing Friday , but that was canceled . The trial on the assault charge is set for July . Buckner had served for about eight years in the U.S. Army and worked in the security field for more than two decades , according to a Friday statement from Hunt Valley , Maryland-based company Master Security , where Buckner was a contractor working for the federal government . He leaves behind a wife , son and four grandchildren as well as a large extended family . D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told a news conference a guard at a gate of the U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland , Maryland , saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping about six miles away in northeast Washington . When the guard approached the car , the man shot him and took off , crossing the border into the nation 's capital and firing at D.C. police who had begun to chase him , Lanier said . He fired again at them during the chase before police blocked him and collided with his car , Lanier said . The shooting was not terrorism-related , FBI Baltimore spokeswoman Amy J. Thoreson told The Associated Press in an email . The police chief confirmed that . Officers guard the U.S. Census Bureau building after reports that a federal officer had been shot . Cornered , the suspect opened fire again and police shot back . During the exchange of gunfire , both the suspect and an officer were wounded , she said . ` We have every reason to believe that the car we have ... is the same car involved ' in the kidnapping , the shooting at the Census Bureau , and the shooting at police , Lanier said . Police said in a news release that the woman who was allegedly kidnapped was found safe . The shooting was not terrorism-related , FBI Baltimore spokeswoman Amy J. Thoreson told The Associated Press in an email . The police chief confirmed that . ` We believe this was domestic related , ' she said . The shooting ` was a tragic and scary event for the Census Bureau family , ' agency Director John Thompson said in a Friday statement . ` We know the situation last night was tense , especially for the hundreds of employees who sheltered in the building and in their cars for several hours not knowing when the incident would be over , ' he said . Suzanne Spaulding , the undersecretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate in the Department of Homeland Security , wrote in an e-mail to employees on Friday morning ` Officer Buckner fatally placed himself in harm 's way to ensure the employees and occupants of the facility remained safe against this criminal activity , ' reports the Washington Post . The gate that leads to Census Bureau remains closed where a guard was shot and killed on Thursday . The shooter then led police on a car chase through Maryland and Washington , before being cornered and exchanging gunfire with and a police leaving one officer wounded .