A video has emerged which appears to show a deputy hitting a heavily pregnant Iraq war veteran on her back during an arrest . Deanna Robinson , of Quinlan , Texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home . She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband . Scroll down for video . A video has emerged which appears to show a deputy hitting Deanna Robinson , a heavily pregnant Iraq war veteran in the back at her home . Robinson was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents ' home . Recalling the incident , Deanna Robinson said : ` I 'm 38 weeks pregnant , and with my stomach again repeatedly pressed into that counter , and with my 18-month old son watching his mother be assaulted , and him screaming in fear ' Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident , causing heavy bruising . There are photos of the alleged injuries on a Facebook group set up by friends about her case . The March 4 video shows a group of people in the kitchen of her parents ' home - her mother is holding her son as two officers struggle with Robinson . Her parents ' home surveillance system records in intervals - it captured about 30 seconds of the confrontation . Robinson , 38 , is cornered and there are two officers behind her - she is not clearly visible , but is near the kitchen counter . In the video , which was posted to Facebook and YouTube , Robinson can be heard screaming ` Let go , you know I 'm pregnant . ' But then one of the officers appears to hit her with his fist and his arm raises again . The camera cuts off , but Robinson , who received the Air Force 's highest honor , the Airman 's Medal , after helping drag several soldiers from a burning plane in Iraq , insists he struck her about three of four more times . ` I 'm 38 weeks pregnant , and with my stomach again repeatedly pressed into that counter , and with my 18-month old son watching his mother be assaulted , and him screaming in fear , ' Robinson said to WFAA . ` There 's nothing that warrants what they did to me . ' Robinson is cornered and there are two officers behind her - she is not clearly visible . Then one of the officers appears to hit her with his fist . In the video , which was posted to Facebook and YouTube , Robinson can be heard screaming ` Let go , you know I 'm pregnant ' Robinson -LRB- left -RRB- spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest , interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer . Right : Robinson received the Air Force 's highest honor , the Airman 's Medal , after helping drag several soldiers from a burning plane in Iraq . Robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest , interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer . Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident , causing bruising . There are photos of the alleged injuries on a Facebook group set up by friends about her case . Six days later her son , Levi was born . ` It 's ridiculous , it 's insane , ' she said to NBCDFW . ` I was handcuffed almost immediately and shoved into a corner by two giant men . I would n't have had an opportunity to assault anyone . There 's nothing to warrant what they did to me . ' Pictures of Robinson 's stomach taken after her release show bruises covering a portion of her stomach , reports WFAA . Six days later her son , Levi -LRB- pictured -RRB- was born . On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department 's Facebook page after the video went viral . She says CPS were called as she and her husband - with who she says she has a rocky relationship - had an argument at their home . She says she went to her parent 's home with her toddler son , but her stepson , who has cerebral palsy and is in a wheelchair , told his teacher about the incident - who in turn reported it to CPS . On March 3 , CPS investigators removed her three stepchildren - ranging in age from six to nine - from their home . Then Robinson received a call from a CPS investigator telling her that he wanted to talk to her about the incident as well as check up on her toddler son . But she says when they arrived , they told her they were they to take her son . She says she stepped in front of her son as she tried to close the door and put her hands up as she screamed ` No , you 're not touching my kid . ' Robinson says they pushed past her as she demanded to see the paperwork and handcuffed her . Her toddler is currently in temporary CPS custody . Levi is being cared for by her parents . On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department 's Facebook page after the video went viral . It read : ` I have become aware of an internet allegation accusing one of my deputies of improper actions . ` I have initiated an administrative investigation to determine if any policy violations occurred . '