Graeme Finlay leaving Teesside Crown Court . He is accused of attacking husband and wife Ronald and June Phillips while on board a cruise ship . The passenger accused of beating an elderly couple on a luxury cruise ship claimed yesterday the violence erupted in a row over an awkward silence at dinner . Graeme Finlay , 53 , insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips , 70 , wielding his crutch . The 16-stone British Gas engineer , who was travelling alone , confronted Mr Phillips and his wife June , 69 , about their rudeness in ignoring him when he joined their table for dinner , a court heard . The couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin . But yesterday Finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when Mr Phillips went for him with his crutch . He denied attacking Mrs Phillips . He claimed Mr Phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and hit him with the crutch when he demanded an apology . He told the court : ` I felt myself being struck by something sharp and I put my arms over my face to defend myself -- I covered my face with my arms , I did n't want my eye poked out . ' He said he swung his arms outwards and felt them connect with retired engineer Mr Phillips , from Middlesbrough . They were on board the Thomson Celebration liner off Lanzarote when the incident happened in January last year . Finlay , a Glaswegian , gave jurors at Teesside Crown Court a picture of the social pitfalls of the lone traveller when he described being snubbed in the restaurant . He said he enjoyed going to musical shows and filled his time with excursions , but dinner could be a ` bit awkward ' . He recalled joining two couples and said ` good evening ' as he sat down . ` I am actually quite a shy person -- it is not particularly easy for me when I meet strangers , ' he added . ` One of the ladies opposite me said `` good evening '' back , but the other three did n't say anything to me , which I thought was a bit awkward . I was handed a menu and realised I was going to be in the situation for the next hour or so . ` I then spotted a couple I 'd met the previous evening and I said to the people at the table , `` Excuse me , I 'm just leaving as I recognise some people over there '' . ' The couple were travelling on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship when it is claimed they were viciously attacked . The liner was cruising off the coast of Lanzarote when it is alleged Graeme Finlay beat the pair . Later he went to a cabaret show and played cards in the casino . He then encountered Mr Phillips carrying two cups of hot chocolate in the lift . Emboldened by an evening drinking alcohol , Finlay said he gave a ` bit of a speech ' to Mr Phillips about his behaviour at dinner . ` I said , `` Excuse me , I do n't want you to take this the wrong way , but I felt really awkward at the table -- it would have been nice if you had said good evening when I said good evening '' . His reply to that was `` f *** off '' . I could n't believe he reacted like that . ' The argument continued in the corridor where Finlay claimed he was attacked . Mr Phillips , who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation , suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae . Finlay was ` disembarked ' from the ship and had to make his own way back to Glasgow . He said he needed three stitches in a wound to his arm allegedly caused by the crutch . He added : ` I feel deeply ashamed I have been involved in such a thing . I was very shocked to hear about the couple 's injuries . I have found it very hard to live with the shame . I feel sorry for everyone involved . ' On Tuesday , Mr and Mrs Phillips told the court Finlay had ambushed them without warning outside their room and beat them . Mr Phillips said : ` Never in my life have I hit anyone , not even my wife -- you can ask her . ' Finlay denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm . The case continues . Finlay , 53 , says he was ` ignored ' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu , Teesside Crown Court heard . He told the court he was on the ship alone and had drunk two pints of lager , three glasses of red wine and around five vodka and Cokes that evening . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .