John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United with thousands of supporters planning to boycott Sunday 's home match against Spurs . The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley 's running of the club . Results on the pitch -- they have lost five on the spin - have not helped Carver 's cause , but the problems at Newcastle run deeper than a boss who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad . John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United . United 's supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire Ashley , especially as the Magpies have returned record profits of £ 18.7 million and this week revealed they also have £ 34m sat in a bank account . Carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer -- or deflect -- questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis , distracting from what is a difficult task in charge of a squad in desperate need of overhaul . But as reported by Sportsmail last month , senior sources within St James ' Park have indicated that Derby boss Steve McClaren will take over in the summer , regardless of whether or not the Rams are promoted from the Championship . On Tyneside , however , he will inherit what Carver believes is the toughest task in the land : ` I think it is the hardest job in football , definitely , ' he said . Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver should he face the Newcastle axe . ` For me , this is the dream job , but you love it and hate it at the same time . ` The hardest thing is taking the criticism off your own people . Some of it is deserved and some of it is not . ` Sometimes you 're dealt the hand and you 've got to get on with it and this is the hand I 've been dealt . ` When I took it on , if I had n't accepted then I would have been kicking myself . ` And I 've said this before , I genuinely believe that if I 've got the right tools I can do the job . ` But it is bitter sweet at the moment . This job is definitely a rollercoaster . ' Website AshleyOut.com are co-ordinating Sunday 's planned boycott . They will protest outside of the Gallowgate End before kick-off and after the game . During the match they will go to Leazes Park behind the stadium . Carver , though , has urged fans to get behind the team . Fans are unhappy at how Newcastle are being run under Mike Ashley and have planned a boycott . ` I would go to the match because I support the team , ' said Carver when asked if he would stay away as a supporter . ` I think they -LRB- boycotters -RRB- do support the team but they have obviously got their own issues . I respect those issues . ` I never thought I 'd see this to be perfectly honest , especially in the North East of England because we love football . ` So obviously something has triggered in their heads to make them not want to come , and I respect that . ' Carver has urged the fans to get behind the squad ahead of their match against Tottenham Hotspur .