A 22-year-old University of Kentucky student was shot and killed near campus in what police describe as an attempted robbery . Jonathan Krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information , was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home . Police charged Justin Smith , 18 , with the murder Friday afternoon , this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim . Smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing and evading . Police are still looking for more suspects . Jonathan W. Krueger -LRB- above -RRB- , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information , was shot Friday . The Lexington Police Dept. investigate the scene of the fatal shooting -LRB- above -RRB- Friday morning . Dazmond Morgan told the Lexington Herald-Leader he rushed to the Krueger 's side after hearing four gunshots around 2 am on Friday . Morgan said he was ` alone when he reached him and was jerking as he struggled to breathe . ' He also said that Krueger had a a gunshot wound on his chest . Another man who was with Krueger told officers a minivan pulled up and confronted them . He claims the men grabbed his watch , and that he then threw his wallet and them and ran . He said as he was running he heard gunshots . He was not injured in the attack . ` The look on his face was just like , incredible . He was in so much shock . He was asking us if like , he could trust us , cause he was just scared of anything at that point in time.That was his friend who got shot at so it 's , terrifying , ' Thomas O'Mara , who helped the victims , told WKYT . Chris Poore , the student adviser for the university 's newspaper , the Kentucky Kernel , remembered the young man as funny and talented . ` He was an easy friend , ' Poore said . ` He was comfortable with everybody and people felt comfortable with him . He looked you in the eye . ' University President Eli Capilouto sent a note to students and staff Friday morning calling the killing ` incomprehensible . ' ` Although this tragedy occurred off-campus , it is a stark reminder that all members of our campus community should at all times be vigilant about their safety and the safety of others . We are each other 's keeper , ' Capilouto wrote . ` It is also in a moment like this that we are reminded of how fragile and previous life is . ' His friend Adam Pennavaria wrote on Facebook ; ` Terrible , terrible way to wake up this morning . I ca n't even begin to tell you all what a beaming light Jonathan was to every single person in his life . nothing I could write here can adequately describe how we 're all feeling right now . rest in peace , brother . ' Two men , one in a red hoodie , who were driving a red minivan are believed to be responsible for killing Krueger -LRB- above on left with camera -RRB- . Chris Poore , the student adviser for the university 's newspaper , called Kruger -LRB- above -RRB- an ` easy friend ' Krueger grew up in Toledo , Ohio , Poore said . His family owned a greenhouse that grew poinsettias and other flowers . He was proud of his family 's work ; he showed off pictures of their flowers and farm . The newspaper staff is grieving for the loss their friend , he said . ` It 's a hard day for them , ' Poore said . ` They 're working hard to figure out how to cover the news of it ; how to tell the best story about Jonathan . '