Sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych overwhelmed Gael Monfis 6-1 , 6-4 Saturday to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters for the first time . Berdych immediately took control from the baseline and Monfils struggled to cope with the fast pace imposed by the big-hitting Czech . Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set before the Frenchman changed his strategy , using more sliced shots to break up his opponent 's rhythm . Tomas Berdych has reached the Monte Carlo Masters final for the first time in his career . The sixth-seed defeated Frenchman Gael Monfis 6-1 , 6-4 on Saturday to secure his place in the final . The move paid off early in the second set when Monfils broke back to level at 1-1 as Berdych made two forehand errors . Monfils failed to build on the momentum , though , dropping his next service game as his hopes of becoming the first French player in 15 years to make the final at the Country Club vanished . ` It 's always difficult when I 'm up against Tomas , I ca n't find the proper way to play him , ' said the 14th-seeded Monfils after his sixth loss in seven matches against the Czech . ` Hopefully I 'll find the solution one day . ' Monfils , who was a wild-card entry this week after recovering from a hip injury sooner than expected , added that his poor percentage on his first serve was a decisive factor . ` But even when I served well , he was returning hard and deep , ' Monfils said . ` He reads my serve very well . ' Chasing a second Masters title 10 years after he made his breakthrough at the Paris Masters , Berdych will face either Rafael Nadal or top-ranked Novak Djokovic in the final . Berdych will face either Rafael Nadal or top-ranked Novak Djokovic in the final in Monte Carlo . Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set as he struggled to cope with the big-hitting Czech . After dictating from the baseline in the first set , he was able to raise his game when Monfils looked capable of coming back . He fended off two consecutive break points in the sixth game of second set with authority , following up two big serves with powerful forehands . Berdych hit 21 winners and sealed his win in 67 minutes with a forehand down the line . The Czech has been in excellent form this year , reaching the semi-finals at the Australian Open and finishing runner-up in Doha and Rotterdam .