A 17 stone mother who was left red faced after becoming trapped in a fairground ride has shed almost half her body weight after taking to the treadmill . Shauna McGlasson , 25 , from Workington , was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the Alice And Wonderland ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in August last year . Shauna , who was a takeaway addict , was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself . Shauna McGlasson was left red faced after becoming trapped in the turnstiles of the Alice and Wonderland ride when she took her daughter Lacey -LRB- pictured -RRB- to Blackpool Pleasure Beach after ballooning to 17st . It was this embarrassing incident that inspired the mother-of-one to make a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine losing 7st in as many months . This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food and ballooning to 17 stone . Determined Shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone . Shauna made fast progress as she began to eat healthily , she lost four stone in as many months reaching 13st by December , 2014 . She then hit the gym and shifted another three stone and has started a new relationship with boyfriend Curtis Grayson , 21 . Before shedding the weight Shauna battled with depression because of her size . And 5ft 2in Shauna insists she 's never been happier . She says if she had not got stuck in that ride her life would never have changed for the better . ` I was addicted to takeaways and I 've never felt so low , ' she said . ` When we got to go through to the ride I got stuck in the turnstile and Lacey started crying . ` Everyone was looking at me and I felt so humiliated so I had to do something about it . ` You can see in the photo taken when I finally got out just how upset Lacey is . ' Shauna swapped her daily treats of chips and pizza for a high protein diet of chicken and fish . Shauna is now a regular at the gym going up to five times a week with running being her workout of choice . Before her weight loss Shauna would feast on fish and chips on the daily as well as donner meat pizzas but has now traded them in for a 1,500 calorie-a-day diet of chicken and fish . As well as her change in diet Shauna heads to the Energize ladies gym in Workington for an hour a day , up to five times a week , tackling the treadmill and the cross-trainer in her bid to keep fit . Shauna says that it was taking to the treadmill that really helped her to shift her extra pounds . ` I look at the pants I used to wear and they are like a tent - and they used to be tight , I could barely get into them , ' she said . Shauna is now more confident than ever and is even prepared to take Lacey swimming . ` I ca n't believe I used to wear stuff that big . But I started walking on the treadmill at first and I 've gradually got faster until the point that I was running and it 's made a big difference . ' And the change has boosted her confidence so much that she is prepared to even take Lacey swimming for the first time . Shauna said : ` I 've never been able to take Lacey swimming before because I 've been too conscious of my body to wear a swimsuit . ` I 'm excited to finally take her to the pool . ` I do n't think she 's noticed the difference in me as she sees me everyday but I 'm so much happier and much more active now . I feel great . '