Brazilian star Oscar says he is happy at Chelsea and wo n't be leaving Stamford Bridge in the summer . There have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded by Jose Mourinho having not completed a full 90 minutes since January . But Oscar is determined to stay and become Mourinho 's main man : ` I 'm very happy here . I get along with everyone , and the club shows its praise towards me . Brazilian star Oscar in action for Chelsea at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday , where he came off the bench . Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February , raising speculation he could leave . But the Brazil international has insisted he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will be staying at the club . Chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race with a game in hand . April 18 Manchester United -LRB- H -RRB- . April 26 Arsenal -LRB- A -RRB- . April 29 Leicester City -LRB- A -RRB- . May 3 Crystal Palace -LRB- H -RRB- . May 10 Liverpool -LRB- H -RRB- . May 18 West Bromwich Albion -LRB- A -RRB- . May 24 Sunderland -LRB- H -RRB- . ` Chelsea is one of the best clubs in the world , so I do n't see why I would think of leaving . ` I 'm very happy with Chelsea 's season so far and happy with my own performance as well , but I do think I could have contributed more to the team . ` There are different tactics depending on the opponents we face , and we respect the manager 's choices . ` Sometimes I 've ended up not playing the entire match , but I 'm doing my best to fulfil my role . I 'm happy with my performances . ' The Brazil international has played some part in 39 Chelsea matches across all competitions this season , scoring seven goals and contributing eight assists . But he still has the opportunity to contribute to Chelsea 's anticipated title success , starting with Saturday 's visit of a resurgent Manchester United . Jose Mourinho has largely favoured other players to Oscar in the second-half of the season . This match is followed by a trip to Arsenal next Sunday and the Blues currently have a seven-point advantage over the Gunners with a game in hand . Oscar added : ` It seems easy , but it 's definitely not . We face United and then Arsenal , and those will be like two finals for us . After those we will have a clearer idea of how close we are from the title . ` We will certainly fight until the end of the season , but we hope we can be the champions as soon as possible . '