Searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic boy who went missing there on Friday morning . Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park , central Victoria at 9.30 am on Good Friday . The 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family , and it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused , and he may not even be aware he is lost . Scroll down for video . Luke Shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on Good Friday . It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . They say the disappearance is completely out of character for him . A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and SES members , along with campers around the surrounding areas . Sergeant Greg Paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . ` We 've got a lot of searchers in the bush , ' he told reporters on Saturday . ` We 've also got people walking the banks of the lake . ' But he outlined a serious hurdle for the search efforts , according to ABC . ` With the autistic condition , Luke might not respond to searchers , he may not even know that he 's lost , ' he said . ` He wo n't necessarily respond to his name being called , but that might change a little bit as he gets hungry maybe . The Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park , central Victoria , where Luke went missing on Friday . A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . Lake Eildon , near where Luke went missing : Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures through the day . Sgt Paul said there were hundreds of other campers in the area over the busy Easter period , so there was a chance someone else could spot Luke . Police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures through the day . Luke is described as being of medium build , about 150 cm tall with olive skin , brown hair and brown eyes . He was last seen wearing a black windcheater , black t-shirt , grey track-pants , grey boots and a scarf . Sergeant Greg Paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . Searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there . A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad and local police .