Imminent arrival : The Duchess of Cambridge , pictured with Prince George . They could have been any mother and child . The pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up . The only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand . While some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as Kate and Prince George cooed over the new-born animals , staff at Snettisham Farm Park , Norfolk , are so familiar with the Duchess of Cambridge she knows many on first-name terms . Helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be William 's green Barbour coat , Prince George tenderly gave a bottle of milk to one of the farm 's new-born piglets . If it seems to be a picture of a typical middle-class day out , that is no accident as this is exactly the informal , away-from-the-cameras upbringing William and Kate want for their children . That is why they are turning their new country bolt hole , Anmer Hall , on the North Norfolk coast , into a secluded fortress home , far from prying eyes -- and far removed from traditional Royal protocol . Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career . For him , a life of peace and quiet is far preferable to his own pressure-cooker upbringing under the global spotlight . Royal aides have confirmed that the Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth -LRB- they will spend the first night at Kensington Palace -RRB- -- as will Kate 's mother , Carole , to help with childcare and housekeeping . Kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and The Mail on Sunday can reveal that the pilot Prince plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments so that he can enjoy more time at home . ` His focus for the next two years is on family and flying in that order , ' a close friend revealed . Already the couple have immersed themselves in a notably more domestic -- not to say middle class -- life style than many Royals , with under-the-radar shopping trips to nearby market towns and evening dinners in country pubs . A noticeable part of the mother-and-child day out at Snettisham was the absence of fuss and preferential treatment . The Duchess 's security detail , stationed a respectful 50 yards away , left Kate and George to enjoy their morning in peace . It was a sunny Monday earlier this month , just days after the couple finally moved into Anmer Hall . And Kate and George were enjoying one of their last days out together before the arrival of the new Royal baby . Scroll down for video . Family home : William has created a secluded retreat for Kate , George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall , in North Norfolk . According to one farm source : ` Kate comes here a lot with George . She is absolutely lovely and George is delightful . There is never a fuss when she 's here . ` If she was n't pointed out to you , you would n't know she was here . She goes about her business like any other young mum and dotes on her child . Little George is lovely , extraordinarily social and other children seem to fuss over him . They have no idea who he is . ' According to a close friend of Kate 's : ` She ca n't wait to escape the hustle and bustle of the city . Both she and William love the country and it 's where they want to raise their family . ' It 's not hard to see why they want to escape the confines of Apartment 1A , Kensington Palace , their official residence . Fiercely private , the Cambridges are faced with the problem of being both public figures and private people . William has a complicated relationship with the media , dating back to his mother 's tragic death . He despises the paparazzi and has threatened legal action against any individuals taking unofficial photographs of his family . Pregnant Kate and young Prince George have enjoyed meeting the new-born animals at Snettisham Park Farm . Prince George and his mother are also regular visitors to the children 's play area at a nearby village . As a result , Prince George is rarely photographed in public and has not made an official appearance in this country since leaving St Mary 's hospital 21 months ago . This is no mistake . It is part of William 's strategy to shelter his family and he has a team of qualified aides and lawyers to advise him on privacy laws . Of course , William and Kate are also keen to enjoy the fruits of their two-year £ 1.5 million remodelling of their new home , with its ten bedrooms , swimming pool , tennis court and extensive grounds . Their official residence will remain Kensington Palace , but Anmer Hall will be their de facto family home for at least the next two years as William embarks on a new career with the East Anglian Air Ambulance Service . As part of the costly renovations -- which also included installing a new roof , a state-of-the-art kitchen and a conservatory -- William had the driveway to the property , which used to belong to his close friends the Van Cutsem family , rerouted so that anyone accessing the property is shielded by trees . Security is paramount and the outhouses have been converted into dwellings for the couple 's security staff . At Anmer Hall , Prince George can enjoy playing in the garden and William can cycle freely around the country lanes . Kate loves shopping in the locals villages of Burnham Market , Holt and Holkham and locals often see her playing with George at a play area in a nearby village . Moving to Anmer has afforded the couple the peace and freedom William especially has always craved . The tiny hamlet where they live is so small there is n't even a pub , just a social club where the couple sometimes mingle with locals at its film nights . The residents of the blue-doored cottages , part of the Sandringham estate , are fiercely protective of their new neighbours . Remember , too , that some of William 's happiest childhood memories are of when his mother ripped up the stuffy Royal protocols and introduced her two young sons to ` normal ' life by taking them to theme parks , go-kart tracks and public beaches -- trips echoed by Kate and George 's visit to the petting zoo . The Duchess of Cambridge enjoys shopping in picturesque North Norfolk villages such as Holt -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Friends say they are considering sending Prince George to a local nursery or playschool . While a Royal aide says it is ` a bit premature ' , the couple will soon have to think about the option for their son . The couple have already become central to the elite group of aristocratic locals known as the ` Turnip Toffs ' . Prince George 's godfather William Van Cutsem and his wife Rosie live in Hilborough , 40 minutes away , while the Duke 's old friends the Duckworth-Chad family live at Pynkney Hall near King 's Lynn . William 's friend , Etonian Archie Soames is often at the family seat , West Barsham Hall in Fakenham , less than an hour from Anmer Hall , and the couple socialise with Baron Howard of Rising 's children Annabel , Charlie and Tom who William plays football with . The Duke 's cousin Laura Fellowes and her husband Nick Pettman also live in West Norfolk . The couple already have a list of favourite pubs . Two weeks ago , they shared a dinner with six friends at The Crown in nearby East Rudham . William , seated at the head of the table next to his heavily pregnant wife , organised the supper to celebrate them finally moving to Anmer . ` William and Kate have friends in Norfolk , and they enjoyed a private dinner in a dining room , ' reports a source . ` They wanted a night out and they can do it here . The locals are very protective of them , as are the pub owners . They organise special tables out of the way of prying eyes and escape routes so they are never seen coming in or leaving . ' The couple have been seen dining at the Dabbling Duck in Great Massingham , the King 's Head in Great Bircham and the Rose and Crown at Snettisham . While they are relaxed , their discreet security detail of five protection officers remains on high alert . Friends say the plan is for Carole to move in to look after her daughter once William resumes work following a fortnight 's paternity leave . The Duke , 32 , will be stationed at Cambridge Airport when he is fully trained to fly a powerful EC145 T2 helicopter . He is said to be ` enormously excited ' about flying again , but it will be a challenge juggling his new career with official duties . William will be based at Cambridge Airport as part of his duties with the East Anglian Air Ambulance Service . The Cambridges have already enjoyed dinner with friends at one of their locals , the Crown Inn at East Rudham . The Mail on Sunday has been told that William has implemented a number of changes to his diary and will be cutting back on black-tie charity events in particular . Instead , a friend insisted , he plans to continue with the informal , more intimate charity work he loves . A spokesman for the Duke said he remains committed to his charities , adding : ` The Duke 's intent is to work as full time as possible . He starts flying in the summer and his roster will take into account his official engagements . These will be broadly consistent with previous years . ' Meanwhile , his family will be staying in the background . Princes William and Harry were filmed as toddlers playing the piano in the Kensington Palace nursery with their parents , but William and Kate have refused to allow the cameras into their home . Pointedly , Prince George fulfilled his only official engagement on the other side of the world in Wellington during the couple 's tour of New Zealand and Australia . That short yet charming photocall has been his sole appearance in the public eye . Diana strove to create as ordinary a life as possible for her boys and William wants the same for his own children . He has seen the charm , security and joys of a happy family life with the Middletons and it is what he desires for his own family . Both he and Kate realise such a dream is far more realistic far from the madding crowds at Anmer Hall .