Business leaders have voiced their fears over the ` disastrous Tory campaign ' which they believe has been too focussed on ` personal attacks and scaremongering ' . They expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the Conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month -- which they believe have done little to discredit Ed Miliband . As it emerged that the Labour leader is now the bookies ' favourite to be the next prime minister , a number of business leaders revealed they are worried David Cameron will lose the battle for Number 10 . And it appears Mr Cameron 's advisers have the same fear and have called on campaigners to change tack today . Scroll down for video . Business leaders have blasted the ` disastrous Tory campaign ' which has focussed too much on personal attacks against the opposition . Pictured : David Cameron in Lincoln today -LRB- left -RRB- and Ed Miliband campaigning at Chatham House , London , today . Business leaders said Cameron 's role in delivering economic growth had become the ` background noise ' of the Conservative campaign when it should have been the focus . The critique comes just weeks after more than 100 of Britain 's top business leaders backed the Conservatives ' economic plan in what was described as an ` unprecedented move ' urging voters not to risk a ` change of course ' . In a notable intervention weeks from the election on May 7 , the business chiefs , who run companies with well known retail brands such as Primark , Iceland , Ladbrokes and Costa Coffee , signed a better claiming a Labour government would ` put the recovery at risk ' . But now , a number of FTSE 100 and other business leaders have anonymously criticised Mr Cameron 's use of personal attacks on his opposition . Speaking to the Financial Times on the condition that they would not be named , one chairman said : ` The negative campaign has been disastrous ' . Another added that the successes of the coalition government , including delivering real economic growth and jobs has become the ` background noise ' of the campaign instead of its focus . But a Conservative spokesman insisted that the campaign 's focus on the idea of the SNP in a coalition with Labour is doing well on the doorstep , according to the FT. Some argued the campaign 's focus has been too narrow and that ` fear tactics ' could backfire badly . ` The Scottish scaremongering plays into the SNP 's hands , ' said one chief . And it appears Tory tacticians had believed Mr Cameron 's economic record would have delivered a solid poll lead by now . The polls put Mr Cameron and Mr Miliband on equal footing -- and several business leaders suggest this is a result of the Conservatives underestimating the leader 's appeal to voters . As bookies named Ed Miliband the favourite to be the next prime minister , one business leader said : ` Every time Miliband is visible , he appears credible ' ` Every time Miliband is visible , he appears credible , ' said one . ` The worst thing is when -LRB- Conservative -RRB- Central Office tries to be helpful , ' one Conservative candidate told Reuters . ` On the doorstep , when you speak to voters , very little is changing . The campaign has been almost genteel . ' Mr Cameron helped nurture a recovery that has lifted the economy out of its deepest downturn since World War Two to give Britain one of the fastest growth rates in the developed world . Lynton Crosby , Cameron 's Australian election guru , has now told the Conservatives to focus on that . His philosophy , fellow advisers reveal , is that ` you ca n't fatten a pig on market day , ' meaning voters need to be bombarded with a message well in advance of polling day for it to ` take . '