It 's the changing face of Russian politics . When Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared on TV today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the Ukraine , he looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering . The wrinkles on the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever . Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes , wrinkles and make his face more chiseled . His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 -LRB- left -RRB- and 2010 -LRB- right -RRB- . In both photographs the skin of Putin 's face is more saggy , and he has visible dark circles under his eyes . And as this series of pictures show , the Russian president 's face has changed dramatically over the years -- amid persistent rumours he has undergone cosmetic surgery to give himself a more youthful look . A black and white picture taken in 1991 when he was 37 years old shows him looking gaunt , and black bags under his eyes are clearly visible . Putin , pictured in 1985 -LRB- left -RRB- with his wife Lyudmila and daughter Katya , and in 1991 -LRB- right -RRB- when he was chairman of the External Relations Committee of Saint Petersburg , aged 37 . His hair was already receding . Pictures taken in 2000 -LRB- left -RRB- and 2001 -LRB- right -RRB- , when Putin was in his forties , also show ` crow 's - feet ' on his eyes . During his first term at President in 2007 Putin , then aged 55 , looked his age while still healthy . In a photo dated 2000 , Putin 's hair still has tones of blonde but the signs of ageing are becoming more apparent on his features . Fast-forward to 2010 , and the ` action man ' , now 57 , looks tired and haggared after taking part in a judo session . Questions over whether Putin had gone under the knife came to the fore in 2011 , when the then-Prime Minister was photographed with a yellow bruise on his face . Russian media began to question whether Putin had had plastic surgery in 2011 . Pictured here announcing his intentions to run to become the President of Russia , journalists wondered if that bid sparked the surgery . Putin 's face was puffy but relatively wrinkle-free in December 2013 when he attended a conference in Moscow . Plastic surgeons at the time told MailOnline that Botox injections , a facelift , cheek-fillers , a brow lift and removal of the bags under his eyes would have helped improve his ageing features -- although his spokesman denied at the time he had had any work done . But In the same year he announced he wanted to become the next President of Russia , leading commentators to ask if that was the reason behind his new look . In December 2013 , after around two years in office as President , he looked vastly different again , his face puffy but wrinkle-free . And in March this year , the Kremlin was forced to deny rumours that he was unwell -- or had undergone surgery -- when the President disappeared for 10 days , cancelling a string of appointments and public appearances . Questions were raised about Putin 's health when he met with the President of Kyrgystan last month after a 10 day disappearance . He refused to explain where he had been saying ` it would be boring without gossip ' Putin , pictured on April 16 2014 - looking relaxed and youthful as he give a television interview about Ukraine . When he emerged to meet with the President of Kyrgystan his face was puffy and shiny , and eyes only able to partially open , leading journalists to wonder about the cause of his new look . However Putin has remained tight-lipped about his absence , laughing off the suggestions of poor health - or rumours that he had been attending the birth of a love child - saying ; ` It would be boring without gossip . ' His latest appearance is unlikely to quell suggestions that Putin has been knocking on the doors of plastic surgeons . Putin was recently reported as saying he wo n't be in office past the year 2024 , when he will turns 71 years old - although these pictures suggest there is a good chance he wo n't look it .