An aspiring model who set a honey trap to lure a professional gambler to his ` pitiless and wicked ' death in a bid to steal his winnings has been jailed for 16 years . Leonie Granger , 25 , targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of £ 50 notes at a casino in London 's West End . The care assistant , from Gillingham , Kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . Scroll down for video . Aspiring model Leonie Granger -LRB- left -RRB- has been jailed for 16 years at the Old Bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler Mehmet Hassan -LRB- right -RRB- who she lured at a casino . Granger -LRB- pictured with Mr Hassan at Palm Beach Casino in central London -RRB- took advantage of him being a ` soft target ' , the court heard . Judge William Kennedy today described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked ' But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside . They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings . Afterwards , they left him with multiple broken bones , lying face down in his bedroom drowning in his own blood . Following a trial at the Old Bailey , Granger was found guilty of Mr Hassan 's manslaughter by a majority - but not guilty of murder . She was sentenced to 16 years behind bars for the killing by Judge William Kennedy today . Co-defendants Kyrron Jackson , 28 , and Nicholas Chandler , 29 , were found guilty of murder and were jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years . Sentencing , Judge William Kennedy described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked ' , adding : ` It was quite simply an act of brutality which defies reason and compassion . ' In mitigation , Orlando Pownall QC said Granger had worked with the elderly since she was 18 and had only got involved with the plot because she was in love with Jackson and ` fell in with his desires ' . Mr Pownall said she now ` deeply regretted ' what had happened , adding : ` Her head was turned by Mr Jackson who she loved and to some extent by Mr Chandler who was persuasive and superficially charming . ' But jailing her , the judge said she had been ` deceitful from the outset ' and had ` lost her sense and compassion ' when she got involved in the scheme . He added that she clearly cared more for Jackson than he cared for her . Granger , from Gillingham , Kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . She wept in the dock as she was convicted of manslaughter . Granger and Mr Hassan are pictured on CCTV going in to the Palm Beach Casino in central London together . All the defendants were convicted of robbing Mr Hassan and conspiracy to falsely imprison him . Jackson and Chandler , both of south east London , were further found guilty of two counts of plotting to rob employees of Grosvenor Casinos , two counts of conspiracy to have a shotgun and imitation firearm in January last year , and two counts of conspiracy to falsely imprison . The trial had heard how Mr Hassan was oblivious of the sting as he wined and dined the woman he knew as Rachel , even bragging to his friends that he was not paying her to be with him . Granger was found guilty by a majority of 10 to two . After their first date , Granger was overheard by a taxi driver reporting back that Hassan was ` flashy ' and saying : ` This guy is a professional gambler . He has never worked a day in his life . ' On the night of the murder , Mr Hassan had taken Granger to the top Mayfair restaurant Nobu before going on to the Palm Beach Casino nearby , where he gave her £ 1,000 in cash to gamble with . Dressed in a strapless top , tight-fitting black trousers , high heels and a large gold necklace , Granger was spotted by a poker supervisor kissing Mr Hassan ` passionately ' and she told the pair to ` get a room ' . Later , he took her back to his Islington flat where she made her excuses and left in a taxi - but not before letting in her boyfriend Jackson and his friend Chandler , who were poised to strike outside . Using parcel tape , the two men tied up Mr Hassan in his bedroom then kicked him to death and ransacked his home as they searched for his stash of cash . While Mr Hassan 's beaten and bloody body lay undiscovered , the killers were filmed on Granger 's mobile phone throwing wads of £ 50 notes around . They fled with £ 3,000 , his TV and mobile phone , but were caught after Granger 's phone records were examined . Granger 's co-defendants Kyrron Jackson , 28 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Nicholas Chandler , 29 , -LRB- right -RRB- , both from south east London , have both been convicted of murdering Mr Hassan and are to be sentenced in due course . Granger -LRB- left -RRB- helped Kyrron Jackson -LRB- centre -RRB- and Nicholas Chandler -LRB- right -RRB- rob and kill gambler Mr Hassan . Police found Mr Hassan lying in a pool of blood after his family had raised the alarm . His knees and ankles were bound and there was a shoe print on his cheek . Investigators found he had suffered a ` vicious and sustained attack ' -- probably as his killers demanded to know where he hid his money . Granger 's ` soft target ' was known to have two favourite casinos in Mayfair - the Playboy Casino on Old Park Lane and the Palm Beach Casino in Berkeley Street . He sometimes won as much as £ 15,000 at a time and rather than using bank accounts , he would keep his winnings around his flat , even keeping thousands of pounds in his microwave . The fact the divorced father ` enjoyed the company of women ' made him particularly ` vulnerable to the unscrupulous ' , prosecutor Crispin Aylett QC told jurors . Chandler is pictured throwing around £ 50 notes around which he stole from Mr Hassan after killing him . He said Mr Hassan 's death was the ` culmination of the ruthless greed ' of Jackson and Chandler who had been involved in two armed robberies at the same casino in South Kensington in January and February last year , but with limited success . The jury was shown CCTV film of the dramatic raids as well as clips of Granger and Mr Hassan together in the casino hours before the killing . They were also played a short clip of the three defendants literally throwing the victim 's money around hours after the murder , with Jackson wearing a gas mask and stuffing a fist full of notes into his underpants . Speaking after their convictions last week , Mr Hassan 's family said his death will ` haunt them forever ' . His daughter Stephanie Hassan added : ` Every day we miss him and we love him . '