Four burly Swedish cops put their New York City vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a Manhattan subway train last night . The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway , DNA Info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . ` We came here for vacation . We 've been here one day . We 're no heroes , just tourists , ' Makrus Åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala , Sweden , told the New York Post . ` We 're no heroes , just tourists ' : The Swedish cops -LRB- pictured left to right -RRB- Erik Näslund , 26 , Samuel Kvarzell , 25 , Makrus Åsberg , 25 , and Eric Jansberger , 28 , said they were just answering the call of duty . Mr Asberg , along with Erik Naslund , Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger , subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train . The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the NYPD could arrive , the Post reports . Video from the incident shows Kvarzell and Asberg holding the suspect down and trying to calm him down as he screams . ` I ca n't breath ! I ca n't breath ! ' he screams . ` Take it easy , just calm down , ' Asberg tells him . The friends sprang into action after a frantic conductor yelled over the intercom : ` Are there any police officers on the train ? ' As the train pulled into the Bleeker Street station , the Nordic lawmen found a homeless man pummeling another rider in the next car . Three of the Swedes tended to the aggressor -LRB- background -RRB- and held him for police , while the fourth stayed with the victim , who had been badly beaten in the fight . The Nordic tourists kept both men calm until NYPD cops showed up to sort out the scene . The victim had a bloody mouth and seemed to be badly beaten and was not defending himself the Swedes told the Post . One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock , while two others held him down to the floor of the train . ` One of the guys tried to wrestle us so -LSB- we -RSB- wrestled him to the floor until the police came , ' Kvarzell , 25 , who is also an officer , told DNA Info . ` We do n't have authority or anything but we thought somebody might need help , ' he said . When NYPD officers showed up , they took custody of the aggressor and the four tourists went on their way to Les Misérables . Markus Asberg -LRB- left -RRB- and Samuel Kvarzell -LRB- right -RRB- stepped in to stop a brutal beating on a New York subway train along with two other friends , all of whom are police officers in their native Sweden . Eric Jansberger -LRB- left -RRB- and Erik Naslund -LRB- right -RRB- had only just arrived in New York and were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they answered the call of duty .