Nick Abendanon was perhaps the only happy Englishman at Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday night and , after leading Northampton a merry dance , he revealed faint but lingering World Cup hopes . Clermont Auvergne 's former Bath full back ran amok as the Premiership champions were thrashed 37-5 -- scoring one try from long range and having a crucial hand in two others , to claim the man-of-the-match award . Abendanon won the last of his two caps for England back in 2007 , but he was still on the coaches ' radar until his move across the Channel last summer and , after a supreme display of elusive running , he admitted he has not given up on the slim possibility of a Test recall . Nick Abendanon breaks clear to score for Clermont in their thrashing of Northampton on Saturday . The English full back was man of the match for the third time against Premiership opposition this year . The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad , but he invoked the ` exceptional circumstances ' clause in the RFU selection policy as he said : ` I 'd love to get a call from Stuart -LRB- Lancaster -RRB- over the summer , but I 'm not counting on it because they 've got that rule in place . ` I understood the reasons for the rule , and in my heart I knew that when I came to France my England career was probably over . But the World Cup ... special dispensation ... if Clermont continue the way they are , I stay injury-free and I keep playing some good rugby , then maybe it 's a possibility in the same way that people have been talking about Steffon -LRB- Armitage -RRB- . ' Abendanon crosses in his starring performance for the French side in the European Champions Cup . A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon 's English flanker Steffon Armitage . They have the squad to do anything , based on their efforts on Saturday night , when the Saints were brutally swept aside . Visiting captain Dylan Hartley said : ` They steamrollered us and just kept going . ' His fellow England forward , Tom Wood , vented his frustration on Twitter , saying : ` Thanks to Clermont for inviting us to their open training-session today . We 've left our non-contact bibs in the changing-rooms . Humbled . ' Northampton captain Dylan Hartley -LRB- second right -RRB- leads the Saints off the field after their convincing defeat . Meanwhile Anthony Watson believes it is only a matter of time before Bath 's attacking intent delivers silverware after their 18-15 European Champions Cup quarter-final loss to Leinster in Dublin . Mike Ford 's men produced an impressive second-half comeback to leave the three-time champions hanging on by a thread at the end with full back Watson and fly-half George Ford especially impressive . ` If anything , the way we played against Leinster adds more confidence because I thought there were times when we showed all we can do , ' Watson said . ` I think the way we have been playing this year has been a revelation to be a part of and I have really enjoyed playing for this club . '