A Catholic priest has told his parishioners to carry guns - warning that faith alone is not enough to keep them safe . Edward Fride , the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor , Michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . In a pro-gun letter to parishioners , he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ` significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response . ' Edward Fride -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the pastor at Christ the King church in Ann Arbor , has told parishioners to carry guns . He is pictured right in front of a target at a range wearing protective glasses . After highlighting mass killings at schools across the US , he wrote that police were supportive of ` doing what is necessary to adequately protect our families and our homes . ' His letter was called ` We 're not in Mayberry Anymore , Toto ' in a reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s . According to the Detroit Free Press , he wrote : ` It is very common for Christians to simply assume that they live in Mayberry , trusting that because they know the Lord Jesus , everything will always be fine and nothing bad can happen to them and their families . ` How to balance faith , reality , prudence , and trust is one of those critical questions that we struggle with all our lives . Pretending we are in Mayberry , while we are clearly not , can have very negative consequences for ourselves and those we love , especially those we have a responsibility to protect . If we are not in Mayberry , is there a real threat ? ' The newspaper reports that the priest informed parishioners about the CPL lessons during Palm Sunday mass and sent out the letter when some people questioned the idea . A bulletin on the church 's website offers parishioners ` eight hour ' CPL classes , which include instruction from law enforcement personnel , time on a range and use of guns and ammunition . It says that the cost is $ 125 per person and urges parishioners to register early as class sizes aer limited . Edward Fride , pictured next to a cut-out of the Pope , warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ` reduction in the availability of an armed police response ' Edward Fride posted this picture on his Facebook page along with the caption , ` Maybe I should get some of these - the way this day has been going , the zombies are bound to attack at sundown ... ' Edward Fride is the pastor at Christ the King Catholic Church -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Ann Arbor , Michigan . Rev Fride points out in his Mayberry letter that he was once a pacifist and had been a conscientious objector during the Vietnam War . But after converting to Catholicism , he said he moved away from pacifism and questioned what his own response would be if he saw a woman being ` beaten or sexually assaulted , or somebody attacking kids . ' He wrote : ` I eventually concluded that I was certainly no longer a pacifist absolutist ; there were situations in which I would actively intervene , even to a lethal level if necessary . ' The Free Press said it had been unable to reach Rev Fride for comment but that a spokesman for the Diocese of Lansing which oversees his parish had confirmed the letter had been sent out . Catholic Bishop Earl Boyea said that guns did not belong in a Catholic church while it was not appropriate to hold classes on church property , the paper reports . The statement added that Bishop Boyea ` has never given permission for anyone to carry a concealed weapon in a church or school in the Diocese of Lansing ' and that churches in the diocese were ` gun-free zones ' .