A man has been jailed after fathering a child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was aged just 10 -LRB- file image -RRB- . A man has been jailed for life after fathering a child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was just 10 . The man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was given a life sentence after Derby Crown Court after jurors heard how he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse . His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager , having ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother . As she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him , crying out : ` I love you and miss you . ' Earlier the court heard how her father had been her primary carer for years and began raping her when he felt ` out of sorts or angry ' . Despite promising to stop the abuse after each attack , the man carried on abusing her until she became pregnant . In a bid to terminate the pregnancy without raising concern he encouraged his daughter to continue kick boxing , the court heard . Eventually , when the girl refused to tell authorities who the father of the baby was they ordered a paternity test . The pair fled but were apprehended by police and the man taken into custody . Giving evidence the girl told of how she was too scared to reported her father to police and still ` loved him ' . ` The abuse has set my life on the wrong course and destroyed the normal childhood and teenage years that everyone deserves , ' she said in a statement . ` I feared the consequences of disclosure because I love my dad . ` I know what he did was wrong , but I grew up with my dad by my side . ` I just wanted him to get help to make him better but unfortunately that never happened and it has come to this . ` It 's come to me having a baby and to the father being my dad and to him being sentenced and my life falling apart . ' The man , who earlier admitted rape , had ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother who did not live with them , the court heard . Applying the same sentence as is handed to murderers , Judge Stuart Rafferty QC told the man : ` You took your daughter 's life . ' Jailing him for a minimum term of 15 years , he said : ` It 's difficult to find words that could properly describe the extent of your deprivation and the damage that that deprivation has caused , not to a stranger but to your own daughter . ` Children do not ask to be born . Children are entitled to expect the best from their parents , in terms of care and parental love , that they can possibly receive . ` You gave your daughter a warped variation of that , a variation that suited you , not her . ` And , although I know you have to serve a prison sentence for that , the sentence you imposed upon her is a far greater one . ' He added the girl has been consigned ` to a life of darkness ' . ` She loved you , as any child loves its parents , and although people may think it strange , she loves you still - that 's what children do . ' The man was sentenced to life imprisonment at Derby Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- . His daughter cried : ` I love you ' as he was led way from the dock .