As secret agent James Bond , Daniel Craig has a license to kill , but on Tuesday the United Nations gave the British actor a ` license to save ' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards . Craig - who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause . ` You have been given a license to kill -LRB- as James Bond -RRB- , I 'm now giving you a license to save , ' U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told Craig at United Nations headquarters in New York . Scroll down for video . Anti-mine advocate : Daniel Craig , despite having a job where his job is often to pretend to blow things up , was named on Tuesday the first global advocate for the United Nations ' Mine Action Service . Often around explosions : Craig - who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause . The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention . Last year , the United Nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2,000 tons of obsolete ammunition . ` I am honored to accept this role , I 'm humbled that I will get the chance to work next to people who are risking their lives every day to help ordinary people live ordinary lives , ' said Craig . ` I will do my very best . ' Craig continued : . ` The briefing from the Secretary-General , and from all of the United Nations staff I have met , demonstrated the enormity of the task . ` The use of improvised explosive devices in Iraq , Somalia and Mali ; the widespread use of ` barrel bombs ' in Syria , and the landmine contamination in Cambodia , Colombia and Afghanistan must all be addressed simultaneously . It is a big job . The United Nations needs political and financial support to succeed . ' Long post : Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause . ` You have been given a license to kill -LRB- as James Bond -RRB- , I 'm now giving you a license to save , ' U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told Craig at United Nations headquarters in New York . The U.N. Mine Action Service has been working to clear mines , educate on their risks , assist their victims , destroy stockpiles and advocate for the elimination of landmines and explosive hazards since 1997 . The appearance was one of the first for Craig since an on-set injury led to a brief hospital stay . Daniel Craig has had arthroscopic knee surgery in between filming the latest Bond flick ` Spectre . ' Producers say he underwent a ` minor procedure ' during the Easter production break . He is believed to have suffered the injury while filming action scenes for ` Spectre ' in Mexico . Eon Productions said Monday Craig will rejoin the production when it resumes filming at the famed Pinewood Studios in England on April 22 . Sad lesson : Daniel Craig listens to Mine Action Service project manager , Stephen Pritchard -LRB- right -RRB- , about the difficulties of removing explosive ordinance with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon -LRB- C -RRB- and the director of the UN mine action service , Agnes Marcaillou . Honored : Craig greetsSecretary General Ban Ki-moon , as he arrives for a service designating him as the UN Global Advocate for the Elimination of Mines and Explosive Hazards . The piercing gaze and tight lipped smile were on display in New York .