A teenage girl has suffered serious injuries after falling 200ft from a cliff at a campsite - in front of her horrified father . The 15-year-old girl , named locally as Leah Price from the Nottingham area , was airlifted to hospital last night from the Blue Dolphin camping site near Filey , North Yorkshire . It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs . A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . Tragedy : The cliffs at Filey where a 15-year-old girl , named locally as Leah Price , fell . She was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries . Police say it is believed she may have been sat on the cliff edge with a friend . She said : ` A man , who I think was her dad , was in such a hurry to get to the cliff that he flew passed our van in a great big transit van and nearly tore the corner off our van . ` I could hear crying and shouting , so I went outside to see what was happening . I could hear crying in a van , it was such a drama . ` It happened right at the back of our caravan . We back onto the field and then there is the cliff edge . We first thought that somebody had thrown themselves over . ` Where she went over it was a bit of a slope whereas further up it is more of a sheer drop . ' The holidaymaker said coastguards arrived within ten minutes and there was a scene of over a dozen emergency service people on the field . She said : ` It was still daylight and we were thinking `` please find her before the light goes '' . The coastguard was shining their headlights over the cliff and a helicopter came and swept around and went to the sea . ` Others were hammering things into the ground to attach ropes to . A lot of dog walkers walk on the path called Cleveland Way where she had been walking . ` It is a couple of feet from the path to the cliff . I do n't know why she was walking so close to the edge . I hope that this will mean they put fences up , especially where the vans are . ' Camping site : The cliffs where the girl fell are near the Blue Dolphin Holiday Park in North Yorkshire . Her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services . The coastguard has revealed that the call to emergency services was made by the girl 's father who witnessed his teenage daughter ` accidentally falling over a cliff edge ' . The incident happened before 8 pm and North Yorkshire Police and the coastguard were dispatched to the scene within ten minutes . A lifeboat crew was also called out to the scene in Filey but was not needed as the girl landed on land and not in the sea . It is not clear how the girl , who was taken to hospital in Hull , came to fall from the cliff but a spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said it was believed she may have been sitting at the cliff edge with a friend . The force confirmed this morning that the girl was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary with head injuries and police say she is in a critical but stable condition . The Blue Dolphin site is run by Haven , described on its website as ` Britain 's largest provider of domestic holidays with family holiday parks around the UK ' . A spokesman for the holiday park said : ` Leah 's father alerted our security team immediately after his daughter 's fall from the cliff path . ` The coastguard and police , assisted by a Sea King helicopter , were quickly on the scene . ` We are continuing to offer assistance to Leah 's family and friends through this difficult and painful time . ' Another holidaymaker who owns a van at the site said : ` I think they were on holiday here . Nobody knows them so I do n't think they own a van here . ` It makes my stomach to turn over to think that somebody 's child went over the cliff . ' A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said this afternoon : ` We can now advise that the girl who fell from the cliff at Filey on the night of April 9 is from the Nottingham area . ` She remains in a critical but stable condition in Hull Royal Infirmary . ' A spokesman for The Maritime and Coastguard Agency said : ` The UK Coastguard were contacted on Thursday evening by a father who witnessed his teenage daughter accidentally falling over a cliff edge . ` Coastguard Rescue Teams training nearby were able to get on scene within ten minutes . ` Specially trained cliff technicians were able to descend to the girl and administer first aid until the Coastguard rescue helicopter arrived on scene . '