A comfy chalet and snow-covered pistes make for a good skiing holiday for most people . But some like to add a few extra luxury touches to their trips to perfect them - such as a live-in tailor to make the ski gear , two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day . These are just some of the requests made by guests staying with high-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne . And they were all fulfilled , the firm told MailOnline . Luxury ski company Bramble Ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in Verbier -LRB- stock image -RRB- . The live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests ' personal tastes and cost £ 1,700 to hire . It cost £ 3,700 for the grand pianos to be delivered - but the guests were keen on their trip being noteworthy so did n't mind splashing out . The horse and carriage was n't cheap either -- that drained the customer 's account of £ 20,000 . It was on standby for two weeks at a cost of £ 1400 per day . Another Haute Montagne guest asked for six helicopters to be requisitioned so that a long taxi transfer could be avoided . A Chinook - normally used by the military - was specifically asked for , but the guest was informed that they are n't available for hire . The type eventually delivered cost £ 85,000 . Haute Montagne 's slightly less luxurious sister company Bramble Ski has also met some pricey -- and very exacting - guest requirements . It created a private ice bar for après cocktails in the grounds of one of its chalets in Verbier , Switzerland , sourced bigger blueberries for someone who was n't happy about the size of the blueberries being served and created a £ 2,450 lily-of-the-valley bouquet for a romantic guest . Bloomin ' expensive : One Bramble Ski customer requested a bouquet of lily of the valley flowers that had to be larger than the one Kate Middleton held on her wedding day . It cost over £ 2000 . The guest specifically asked that it was to be larger than the one Kate Middleton held on her wedding day . A romantic Russian guest , meanwhile , wanted Bramble Ski to create a Valentine 's gesture for his wife , so the company , at a cost of £ 7,000 , distributed a trail of rose petals from his master suite to the pool , which was decorated with floating lilies and roses . And their guests like to dress to impress . One set of male guests requested larger versions of Bramble Ski 's Heidi-style pinafore uniforms for a party -- at a cost of £ 700 each .