A mother of a baby boy was arrested 27 years after his body was found wrapped in a blanket inside a Sainsbury 's bag floating on a village pond . Police exhumed the boy 's body from his grave in Norfolk last year after the case came up for periodical review . A DNA sample eventually led them to his mother . The woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends . She explained how she had placed her dead baby in the pond in the village of Weasenham St Peter on June 5 , 1988 , just a few days before it was found by teenagers on a Sunday afternoon outing . Scroll down for video . Unsolved case : A police officer searches Windmill Pit , the Norfolk pond where the baby boy 's body was found back in 1988 . The boy 's body was exhumed by officers as part of a case review , with DNA samples leading police to the boy 's mother . He has now been reburied at Weasenham St Peter church , Norfolk . Police said they have ruled out any foul play and the woman remains on bail while the CPS decide whether to charge her with failing to register a birth and preventing a lawful burial . During the original investigation , police had been unable to identify the mother and villagers carried out a collection to raise money to pay for the baby 's burial at 13th century St Peter 's Church in the village . A report in the Eastern Daily Press from 1988 tells how the body was found floating on the pond . But after the body was exhumed in April last year , DNA taken from his leg bone was put through the national police database which found a match for a possible relative of one of the parents . Detectives examined that person 's family tree and identified the woman who admitted being the boy 's mother . A police spokesman said : ` In this case it was not clear how the baby died despite a post mortem examination and the circumstances surrounding the death remained the focus of the investigation . ` Thanks to advances in DNA we were able to trace the mother of the baby and during interview the woman revealed she had concealed her pregnancy from family and friends and delivered the baby by herself . ` Sadly the baby was delivered stillborn and we are satisfied there was no third party involvement or foul play . ' Det Insp Andy Guy , of Norfolk Police who led the investigation said the DNA was compared to five million samples on the national database . He said : ` It came back with a match of a family member and by looking at that family we were able to find a lady of the right age . ` We went to see that individual and she told us she was mum . She was arrested on suspicion of infanticide . ` We were then given an account by the lady concerned who gave details about the birth and details only the mother would know to myself and the officer who interviewed her . ` The pregnancy was concealed from everybody . She did n't tell her family , her close friends , she gave birth in secret . The baby was stillborn . ' The woman told officers how she placed her dead baby in the pond , known locally as Windmill Pit , before it was found by a group of teenagers . The boy was originally buried without a name but a support group for parents of stillborn children raised the money for a new headstone giving his name as Peter after the name of the church . A second post-mortem carried out on the remains last year found no evidence of foul play . An inquest held in 1988 body also failed to establish a cause of death . The baby boy was re-buried in the churchyard on June 5 last year - the 26th anniversary of his discovery - he was named Peter after the name of the church . Det Insp Guy said police were now satisfied that nobody else had been involved at the time . He added : ` This has been unsolved for 27 years . By using the latest techniques , we 've solved something which has been a mystery for a long time . ' ` We do n't ever give up . All the unsolved cases we have going back to the 60s are still on our books and they 're reviewed at regular intervals . ' Det Insp Guy said the small team of officers involved in the case had ` mixed feelings ' after bringing the investigation to a final close . He said : ` From a police officer 's perspective , it 's fantastic . From a human perspective you can only have empathy for the woman and imagine how terrible it was for her . ' The grave of the baby was originally marked by a simple wooden cross , which read : ` In loving memory of unknown baby boy . Born and died 1988 . ' A support group called Hana 's Gift for families who have suffered a stillbirth has now paid for a new headstone giving his name as Peter . The inscription reads : ` In loving memory of baby Peter , June 1988 . A sweet little child , lost but then found , to bloom and grow in Heaven 's playground . There is no foot so small that it can not leave an imprint on the world . ' Tranquil : The pond in the village of Weasenham St Peter , Norfolk , as it is today . Karen Murray-Tye who set up Hana 's gift charity after her daughter was stillborn in 2006 , said : ` It was quite hard to find the right words , but I thought the ` lost but found ' fitted the circumstances . ` I hope she sees we 've tried to do the best for him as we have for Hana . It would be lovely if it made her think she could have some support if she came forward . ' Norfolk coroner 's chaplain Chris Copsey said : ` When the coffin was exhumed all that was left was a little plaque that said ` unnamed baby boy ' . ` It seemed terrible to bury an unnamed baby boy so I took the name of the church , St Peter 's church . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .