This is the moment a college athlete 's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken . Tanguy Pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon , had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon , who competes for the University of Washington . But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene , Oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy , with less than 100m to go . Vanishing lead : Tanguy Pepiot , a runner for the University of Oregon , is pictured left celebrating his victory - and right after he has lost it all to the University of Washington 's Meron Simon . Big gains : Pepiot , right , is pictured from track level raising his hands to excite the crowd - as Simon tears toward him from behind . The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum , opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line , and beat him by a tenth of a second . The home crowd roared as Simon powered ahead - seemingly in an attempt to warn French-born Pepiot . But the warning came too late , and Simon flashed past , leaving Pepiot , who is in his senior year , to collapse , defeated . Simon 's time , 8:57.86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds . Speaking to the Eugene Register-Guard after the contest , a newly-victorious Simon said : ` I thought he had me . Moment of truth : Simon is shown here edging ahead of Pepiot , whom he beat by a tenth of a second . Reconciliation : After celebrating his triumph , Simon headed back to help Pepiot up after he collapsed to the ground in defeat . ` I thought he was just so far ahead . Then I heard the crowd get crazy , and he started throwing his hands up . ` I was like , `` I do n't think he knows I 'm coming '' . I just went to the line and just raced . ' After a justified victory celebration of his own , Simon doubled back to console his rival . Not long after , a defeated Pepiot told columnist Austin Meek : ` I think it was the first time it happened to me . I 'll make sure it 's the last time . ' Personal best : Meron , pictured left at a different event , ran his best ever time in the 3,000 m steeplechase . Meanwhile French-born Pepiot , right in a file photo , had pledged not to get cocky again .