The arrival of an advanced group of modern humans in Europe 40,000 years ago played a role in the demise of Neanderthals , scientists have claimed . Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe and much of Asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,000 years ago . Now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern Europe at around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared . Scientists took CT scans of teeth found at Riparo Bombrini in western Ligurian Alps -LRB- left -RRB- and in the Grotta di Fumane in western Lessini Mountains -LRB- right -RRB- , both in Italy , and found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture . They have been able to conclusively show that a pair of ancient baby teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern Italy belong to modern humans from this culture . It has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976 , and later in 1992 , over whether the teeth and other artefacts found with them were Neanderthal or Homo sapien in origin . An incisor found in Riparo Bombrini in western Ligurian Alps in 1976 , and an upper incisor found in 1992 , in the Grotta di Fumane in the western Lessini Mountains in Italy are among only three remains thought to have belonged to the Protoaurignacian culture - an early group of humans . Dr Benazzi and his colleagues at the CNR Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa , Italy , whose work is published in the journal Science , used CT scans of a tooth found in Riparo Bombrini . They found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans . Radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old . Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis , researchers have now been able to prove that these teeth belonged to Protoaurignacian humans and are the oldest modern human remains in Europe . They suggest it was the arrival of this modern human culture that marked a turning point in humanity 's evolution and led to the rapid disappearance of Neanderthals in the face of their more advanced cousins . The Aurignacian culture that followed the arrival of these first modern humans produced the world 's earliest known musical instruments and the oldest wall art . They also produced advanced bone and antler based weapons , and are thought to have been behind a 40,000-year-old sculpture known as the Lion Man . Dr Stefano Benazzi , an archaeologist at the University of Bologna in Italy said : ` What the results mean is that these two teeth represent the oldest European modern human fossils currently associated with an Aurignacian-related archaeological context . ` Human fossil material is very rare , particularly well preserved deciduous teeth . ` This finding suggests that the arrival of our species on the continent might have triggered the demise of Neanderthals , which likely disappeared around 39,000 years ago . ' There are very few archaeological remains of the Protoaurignacian culture from when they arrived in Europe . The baby teeth , found at two sites in north Italy shown above , are two of just three Protoaurignacian remains . Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis , researchers have proved the teeth belonged to this culture and that they are the oldest modern human remains in Europe . They suggest it was the arrival of this modern human culture -LRB- infant skull pictured left -RRB- led to the rapid disappearance of Neanderthals -LRB- skull pictured right -RRB- . This fragment bird bone was engraved by inhabitants of a rock shelter at Riparo Bombrini in north west Italy and is now known to have been made by the first modern humans in Europe who arrived 40,000 years ago . CT scans of the incisor found at Riparo Bombrini -LRB- above -RRB- showed it had thicker enamel than Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans . Radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old . An incisor found in Riparo Bombrini in western Ligurian Alps in 1976 , and an upper incisor found in 1992 , in the Grotta di Fumane in the western Lessini Mountains in Italy were among only three remains that thought to have belonged to this early group of humans . They are often depicted as dim-witted evolutionary losers , but Neanderthals were not driven to extinction by their lack of brains . Instead , it is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors , scientists believe . An analysis of archaeological evidence dating back 200,000 years strips away some of the myths surrounding Neanderthals and reveals they were more advanced and sophisticated than has widely been thought . Many researchers believe the differences between the two human species are not enough on their own to account for the demise of the Neanderthals . Neanderthals have been found to make stone tools and even made jewellery . Eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Neanderthal site in Krapina in Croatia were used to create a necklace or bracelet 130,000 years ago . They were found alongside a series of stone blades that had been made using advanced knapping techniques , other tools and simple ornaments . However , it has also been suggested that the teeth may have belonged belonged to Neanderthals , meaning they had also been capable of this advanced technology . Dr Benazzi and his colleagues at the CNR Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa , Italy , whose work is published in the journal Science , used CT scans of a tooth found in Riparo Bombrini . They found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans . Radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old . Researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology also managed to extract mitochondrial DNA from the tooth found at Grotta di Fumane . They found it matched that of pre-agricultural modern humans . The researchers say that the findings prove that by 41,000 years ago modern humans of the Protoaurignacian culture were spreading across southern Europe . They believe that the advanced culture of these modern humans allowed them to outcompete and perhaps even overpower the Neanderthals who were established there . However , their results can not exclude the possibility that the teeth came from individuals who were the result of interbreeding between Neanderthals and modern humans . Previous research has shown that the two species did interbreed and some researchers have suggested Neanderthals became absorbed into modern human populations . One of the teeth was found during an excavation of the Grotta di Fumane in northern Italy -LRB- shown above -RRB- . The samples were found alongside a series of stone blades that had been made using advanced knapping techniques , other tools and simple ornaments . Evidence uncovered at the Riparo Bombrini rock shelter -LRB- above -RRB- suggests those who were living there 40,000 years ago had relatively advanced culture and technologies and so may have out competed Neanderthals .