All eyes were on John Terry this afternoon as he made the short trip across London to face QPR in the west London derby . Loftus Road was the place where the Chelsea skipper racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011 . Ferdinand 's brother Rio was injured for Sunday 's match . Terry , who has been a crucial part of Jose Mourinho 's Premier League title bid this season , played the full 90 minutes however as Chelsea scraped a 1-0 win , but how did he get on ... John Terry -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates at the final whistle with Didier Drogba -LRB- left -RRB- and Branislav Ivanovic . Reception . There was a hostile introduction for Terry as the teams lined up , before a cacophony of boos rang out around the ground as he touched the ball in the opening minute . There was , however , no noticeable reaction from any of Chris Ramsey 's players until Charlie Austin made himself known to the centre-back late in the first half with a robust challenge . Terry experienced a hostile atmosphere at Loftus Road , but put in a good display at the back for Chelsea . Temperament . It was a moment to cherish for the QPR fans as Austin responded to an arm across the chest by shoving Terry to the ground off the ball . The Chelsea skipper momentarily lost his cool and berated the assistant referee to the delight of the crowd . His battle with the striker continued into the second half , with the pair taken aside for a word after squaring up to each other but it was Terry who had the last laugh as Cesc Fabregas ' late equaliser sealed three points . The Chelsea captain rises above Bobby Zamora to head the ball away as he dominated at the back . Performance . The former England captain was rarely troubled by Bobby Zamora and Charlie Austin . Although the pair were prominent throughout , a lack of pace meant Terry and partner Gary Cahill were able to deal with everything thrown at them even though they were bailed out by Thibaut Cortouis at times . There was a nervy moment in the first half when a long ball over the top caught out the 34-year-old , and he was lucky his misjudged touch did n't cost the side as Cahill covered , but it was a fairly comfortable day for the defender . The Chelsea captain was made to stretch occasionally , but he and Gary Cahil dealt with QPR 's threat well . Conduct . Despite an obvious attempt from Austin to get under the skin of Terry , he largely ignored the attention surrounding him and focused solely on leading his side to an important win while handling the occasion with maturity . There were wild celebrations from Terry at the final whistle as he responded to the constant jeers . Terry 's combative encounter with Charlie Austin attracted the attention of referee Andre Marriner .