A. Alfred Taubman , the self-made Michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success -- including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into American culture -- was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career , has died aged 91 . Taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died Friday night at his home of a heart attack , according to son Robert S. Taubman , president and CEO of Taubman Centers , Inc. . ` This company and all that you stand for were among the greatest joys of his life , ' Robert S. Taubman wrote in a message to the company 's employees . Dead at 91 : Real estate mogul and Michigan billionaire A. Alfred Taubman died on Friday night at his home after a heart attack . ` He was so proud of what this wonderful company he founded 65 years ago has accomplished . ' Taubman 's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a & w restaurant chain , for which he traveled to Hungary to figure out why the country 's sausage was so good . He also became a major backer of stem-cell research . But it was his rearrangement of how people shop -- parking lot in front , several stores in one stop close to home -- that left a mark on American culture . Taubman Centers , a subsidiary of his Taubman Co. , founded in 1950 , currently owns and manages 19 regional shopping centers nationwide . ` Everything that excited me that I got interested in , I did , ' Taubman told The Associated Press in a 2007 interview . Born January 31 , 1942 , in Pontiac , Michigan , to German-Jewish immigrants , Taubman worked as a boy at a department store after school near his family 's home , which was among the custom houses and commercial buildings developed in the area by his father . He was a freshman at the University of Michigan when he left to serve in World War II , around the time he stopped using his first name , Adolph . When he returned to Ann Arbor to study art and architecture , he created small on-campus businesses to cover expenses , then transferred to Lawrence Technological University near Detroit to take night classes while working at an architectural firm as a junior draftsman . Family business : Taubman Prestige Outlets Chesterfield officially opened in 2013 in Chesterfield , Missouri a western suburb of St. Louis . Recognizing the booming post-war growth of the middle class , particularly in the Motor City , he launched his first real estate development company in 1950 . His first project was a freestanding bridal shop in Detroit -- but he had his eyes on something bigger . He 'd noticed shoppers responding to the convenience of ` one-stop comparison shopping opportunity , ' he wrote in his autobiography . So when a friend suggested a shopping plaza in Flint , Taubman 's company did something radical for the time : stores were pushed to the back of the lot and parking spaces were put up front . It was a success , his young company took on larger-scale developments in Michigan , California and elsewhere in the 1950s and early '60s . A. Alfred Taubman is assisted as he leaves federal court in New York , on Monday , April 22 , 2002 where Taubman was sentenced to a year in jail for fixing commissions at Sotheby 's . Taubman served as chairman of Sotheby 's Holdings , Inc. , parent company of Sotheby 's art auction house , from 1983 to 2000 , and was a partner in international real estate firm The Athena Group before he was tangled in a price-fixing scheme . He was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with Anthony Tennant , former chairman of Christie 's International , to fix the commissions the auction giants charged . Prosecutors alleged sellers were bilked of as much as $ 400 million in commissions . Taubman was fined $ 7.5 million and spent about a year in a low-security prison in Rochester , Minnesota , but long insisted he was innocent and expressed regret for not testifying in his own defense . ` I had lost a chunk of my life , my good name and around 27 pounds , ' he recalled in his book , saying he was forced to take the fall for others . Mall man : A. Alfred , Robert and William Taubman , along with Randy Benderson and other dignitaries , cut the ribbon today to open The Mall at University Town Center in Sarasota , Florida in 2014 . The case cast a shadow over Taubman 's accomplishments , but it diminished over the years -- and his philanthropy continued unabated . He had pledged $ 100 million to the University of Michigan 's A. Alfred Taubman Medical Research Institute and its stem-cell research by 2011 . He also financed public-policy programs at Harvard , Brown University and the University of Michigan , which received several large donations . He donated millions and spoke passionately in support of the 2008 ballot initiative in Michigan that eased restrictions on embryonic stem-cell research and enabled his namesake institute to conduct major research for diseases -- including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or Lou Gehrig 's disease , which claimed the life of his good friend , New York Sen. Jacob Javits , in 1986 . After turning over control of Taubman Centers to his two sons , Taubman made sustaining the Detroit Institute of Art a priority . His knowledge of how shoppers negotiated malls was tapped to help reconfigure the flow of the museum , and he helped guide the DIA as president of the Detroit Arts Commission through chronic financial problems .