Pep Guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former Bayern Munich club doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt , who quit the club on Thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by Porto . The 72-year-old , who had worked at Bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the Bundesliga club , claiming ` the bond of trust is damaged ' , but Guardiola has played down claims of a feud . ` The reaction is on me , I was disappointed , ' he told reporters in the wake of a shock Champions League quarter-final defeat by Porto . ` It was nothing to do with the doctor . Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with the former Bayern Munich doctor who quit the club this week . Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt -LRB- right -RRB- quit the club , claiming the medical staff had been blamed for defeat . ` After the Champions League match of Bayern Munich against Porto the medical department was for some inexplicable reason made primarily responsible . The bond of trust is damaged . ' ` I 've been informed of the doctor 's decision and I fully respect it . Nothing happened between us , it was his decision . Injuries are part and parcel of football , they 're not the medical staff 's fault . ' Muller-Wohlfahrt 's decision came after Bayern boss Guardiola appeared to imply that Wednesday 's defeat was down to a lack of available players , commenting post-match : . ` We have players who were out a long time with injuries . Their legs do n't last very long . It 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go . ' Bayern had just 14 fit players to choose from at the Estadio do Drago , with Mehdi Benatia , Franck Ribery , Arjen Robben , Javi Martinez and David Alaba among the first-team regulars missing . Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday . Bayern boss Guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the game . Guardiola also appeared to publicly humiliate Muller-Wohlfahrt eight days before his exit from the club , sarcastically clapping him when Benatia left the pitch injured . Continuing at his press conference on Thursday , Guardiola said : ` The responsibility for the defeat in Porto lies with me . Put together , my players have had 30 operations over the last two years , but we 've still won the league and cup . ` We ca n't win every match 3-0 or 4-0 in this situation . It 's impossible . ' Muller-Wohlfahrt is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at Bayern for almost 40 years . The 72-year-old -LRB- right -RRB- has worked with the German national team as well as athletes including Usain Bolt .