EVERYONE 'S A WINNER . Good news for all the struggling low-paid pros who made it to the Masters . The green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year 's tournament . The winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at £ 1.23 m in our currency . Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £ 17,000 . Jordan Spieth collected £ 1.23 million for winning the Masters - as well as the coveted green jacket . POULTER 'S PURPLE PATCH . Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth . Wearing a loud purple number , Poulter reflected on a missed chance . ` The way I 've played at the weekend was a highlight , ' he said . ` It was about the missed shots on Thursday and Friday . I left myself too much work to do . ' Ian Poulter was dressed all in purple on Sunday for his final round at Augusta . NO STONE UNTURNED . Augusta National have had people positioned on four holes this week taking note of everything -- what club each player uses from the tee . the shape of shots , the type of shots played to the greens and whether players tee off from the left side of the tee or the right . All interesting info before considering any course changes in future . Patrons watch the action on the sixth green at the Augusta National as Phil Mickelson plays a shot . HOTTEST TICKET IN TOWN . What was it worth to watch Tiger and Rory go head to head for the first time in the final round of a major ? One of the plethora of touts outside the grounds quoted me $ 4,000 for a pair of tickets . McIlroy duly deliverd with a wonderful 66 with Tiger carding a 73 . Imagine what it would cost if they were paired together in the final group ? Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the final round at Augusta on Sunday . PHIL 'S THE MAN IN BLACK . Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four in an unusual bid to try and improve his performance . ` I like to wear dark colors on Sunday , ' he said . ` I 've won three times wearing a black shirt so I 'll wear a black shirt . It helps me get more aggressive . Studies have shown that when NFL teams wear black they have more penalties . ' Phil Mickelson was dressed all in black on Sunday as he tried to win the Masters for a fourth time . DANNY DISAPPOINTED . When you hole a 64-foot putt on your first round at Augusta , a little disappointment is understandable if you ca n't maintain those standards . England 's Danny Willett hit three rounds of 71 but his third of 76 proved his undoing . ` It 's a bit disappointing , ' he said . ` My ball-striking is good but I could n't take advantage . ' England 's Danny Willett hit three rounds of 71 at the Masters but was let down by one of 76 .