In a world where online shopping is king , Toshiba hopes technology can change the in store experience - with a robo-assistant . The firm 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo to help customers find their way around . The female-looking robot , named Aiko Chihira , will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language . Scroll down for video . Toshiba 's humanoid robot known as Aiko Chihira , is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo . Chihira in the work outfit created for the robot . However , Chihira is unlikely to engage in smalltalk its makers admit . Instead the robot was created to appear , talk and move as humanly as possible . Chihira blinks , bows and moves its mouth and lips smoothly while speaking . A Toshiba spokesman told the Wall Street Journal that Chihira is programmed with multiple human-like expressions , and that it will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events . Chihira has appeared at exhibitions and events , but this is the first time it will provide customer service . The robot 's appearance was n't modeled on any specific person but was designed to give a friendly impression , according to Toshiba . The robot will be set up at the Mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi , Tokyo , on Monday and Tuesday . Ms Chihira uses sign language to introduce itself to humans . Toshiba describes the eerie android , which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile , as having the appearance of ` a friendly young woman . ' At present , the android can mimic only simple movements , such as exchanging greetings and signing in Japanese . The technology was first shown off at Ceatec 2014 in Japan . One of the most popular devices there was TE Connectivity 's dinosaur robot , the TE Saurus , which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 -LRB- 2.1 metre-tall -RRB- reptile droid . A smartphone application makeS the dinosaur walk or jump , while a shake of the smartphone prompts the TE Saurus to bark . TE Saurus can also play trivia games as users answer questions through the app . Another highlight is Omron 's three-legged robot , which is capable of playing a relaxed game of ping pong . It watches its human opponent to predict the ball 's path , and can even decide to take it easy on opponents by missing a few hits . The robot 's appearance was n't modeled on any specific person but was designed to give a friendly impression , according to Toshiba . With five motors to control paddle movement , it is programmed to serve the ball in a way that makes it easy for the player to return . ` This ping pong robot is really a demonstration of how a robot can interact with a person and react in an appropriate manner , ' said Takuya Tsuyuguchi , an Omron manager . ` We envision this robot perhaps being used in a factory or production line and having a role in which it would have to interact with a worker to do or build something . ` This would involve the robot understanding the needs of its human counterpart and behaving appropriately . ' Toshiba 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo , . One of the most popular devices is TE Connectivity 's dinosaur robot , the TE Saurus , which lets users experience a close encounter with a 6ft 11 -LRB- 2.1 metre-tall -RRB- reptile droid . But the company soon hopes to integrate its technologies in areas including sensing , speech synthesis , speech recognition and robotic control to create a more social robot by 2020 . The goal is to design a companion for the elderly and people with dementia , to offer telecounselling in natural speech , communicate through sign language , and allow healthcare to keep an eye on elderly people . Weebles may seem like basic toys now , but in their day they used an impressive weight system based on the laws of physics to ` wobble but never fall down . ' To bring this childhood toy into the modern-day , a Japanese firm has created a troop of Weeble-style robotic cheerleaders who dance and move while balancing on a ball . And thanks to built-in gyroscopes and infrared sensors , the robots perform in perfect synchronicity - but never fall over . The Murata Cheerleaders were built by Murata Manufacturing . Instead of wheels , the cheerleading robots balance on a removable ball , which rolls in its housing to help the machines dance and move . They remain upright due to three advanced gyro sensors , which incorporate inverted-pendulum control technology , to detect tilt angles . Similar gyro sensors are commonly used in digital cameras , car navigation systems , and more recently , the electronic stability control -LRB- ESC -RRB- systems that prevent cars from skidding . Each robot is equipped with four infrared sensors , and five ultrasonic microphones to detect surrounding objects , even in the dark . And , based on the differing speeds of sound and light waves , this system determines the relative positions of the robots within a 172 square feet -LRB- 16 metre square -RRB- space . Meanwhile a group of 14-inch -LRB- 36 cm -RRB- tall cheerleader robots showcased their flawless choreography . Murata manufacturing , an electronic component manufacturer , presented the cheerleaders with colour-changing pom-poms that use gyroscopic sensors to roll on spherical bases in unison without losing their balance . ` These robots use our proprietary balancing technology combined with technology that prevents , in real time , the robots from clashing together , ' said Tomoyuki Mori , a Murata engineer . A group of 14-inch -LRB- 36 cm -RRB- tall cheerleader robots showcased their flawless choreography.Murata manufacturing , an electronic component manufacturer , presented the cheerleaders with colour-changing pom-poms that use gyroscopic sensors to roll on spherical bases in unison without losing their balance . ` It also uses technology that coordinates the movement of all the robots together in a synchronised manner . ' Instead of wheels , the cheerleading robots balance on a removable ball , which rolls in its housing to help the machines dance and move . They remain upright due to three advanced gyro sensors , which incorporate inverted-pendulum control technology , to detect tilt angles . Similar gyro sensors are commonly used in digital cameras , car navigation systems , and more recently , the electronic stability control -LRB- ESC -RRB- systems that prevent cars from skidding . Each robot is equipped with four infrared sensors , and five ultrasonic microphones to detect surrounding objects , even in the dark . And , based on the differing speeds of sound and light waves , this system determines the relative positions of the robots within a 172 square ft -LRB- 16 metre square -RRB- space . Over 500 companies and organisations are exhibiting at Ceatec Japan , which will be held until October 11 in Chiba , east of Tokyo . A model displays Japanese mobile communication giant NTT Docomo 's mobile navigation device ` Yubi Navi ' -LRB- Finger Navigator -RRB- which uses tactile sensations to guide the user at the Ceatec electronics trade show .