A California homeowners ' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house , including one who stared directly at the camera . In the video , released by the Los Angeles Police Department , two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon . The burglars get into the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway . Say cheese ! This young burglar stared right into a security camera and he and two pals robbed a home in Los Angeles - making off with a large safe and multiple guns . A California homeowner 's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars , two men and one woman , who broke into their Los Angeles home mid-afternoon . Then one suspect returns . He checks the kitchen again before moving into the living room . That 's when he stares directly into the surveillance camera and realizes he 's being filmed . The boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face . The LAPD released the video on its Facebook page with the hope that it would help identify the burglars , who escaped with another man not seen in the surveillance footage , from the March 2 incident . A 5ft safe and a number of firearms were stolen from the home , according to KTLA 5 . Police did not specify the number or types of guns that were taken . Police said all three of the burglars were 17 to 20 years old , according toNBC Los Angeles . The burglars can be seen entering the residence through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty house and disappear into what seems to be a hallway . The boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face . Police believe the three burglars are between 17 to 20 years old . One of the men is described as weighing 145 to 155 lbs , with a height between 5ft 7in to 5ft 10in . The second man weighs between 155 to 165 lbs , with a height between 5ft 9in to 6ft tall . Police also believe the second man has brown hair and brown eyes . The woman is described as having a weight between 130 to 145 lbs , with a height of 5ft 5in to 5ft 7in . Police said the three thieves left in a black 2007 to 2011 Lexus GS350 with a man who appeared to have blonde or brown hair and was described as being between 30 to 35 years old . A ' 310 ' paper plate was placed over the car 's front license plate . The LAPD said it added music to the video to make it ` more engaging ' .