Victoria Beckham might be one of the world 's most successful fashion designers , but she still ca n't seem to pip her husband at the style stakes . A new poll of the most fashionable Brits puts David at number three , with Victoria trailing behind at number nine . Movie great Audrey Hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the Royal Family and the Beckhams to be voted the most stylish Brit of all time , according to the poll . David Beckham and his wife Victoria both . Victoria Beckham strapless dress . Show off your figure . Visit site . Victoria Beckham as always , looking sleek and sophisticated wearing one of her own designs to the Vanity Fair Oscar party in February 2014 . And while this dress might have been from VB 's AW '13 collection , a year later it just goes to show how timeless Victoria Beckham 's designs really are - they look better if anything . A bit like David Beckham , really . Show off your shoulders and look effortlessly stylish in a long figure hugging shape , so simple you barely need accessories , if anything a hint of red lipstick to add a pop of colour . Although this dress is skintight , it 's extremely flattering for curves and will emulate an hourglass shape . Accentuate your waist by adding a belt and add a slick of black nail polish like Victoria to complete the outfit . Sadly this dress is no longer available but check out her current designs at Neiman Marcus or check out our favourites from the high street that will be perfect for party season . Coast Ciella silk maxi dress . Visit site . Line & Dot grey back line dress from Shoptiques . Visit site . Dessy Collection strapless crepe dress in dove grey at Nordstrom . Visit site . Topshop mesh skater dress . Visit site . The survey of 2000 people revealed that ` Breakfast at Tiffany 's ' star Audrey Hepburn is Britain 's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote . Princess Diana came second just ahead of former England captain David Beckham , who was the highest placed male in the list . The Duchess of Cambridge , Kate Middleton came fourth in the British style stakes with 1960 's fashion icon Twiggy completing the top five . The poll , which was commissioned for the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S6 , saw a major victory for the women in the style stakes as they take seven spots in the top ten . Audrey Hepburn won the poll , while supermodel Kate Moss came in at number 10 . 1 . Audrey Hepburn -LRB- 27 per cent -RRB- . 2 . Princess Diana -LRB- 23 per cent -RRB- . 3 . David Beckham -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- . 4 . Kate Middleton -LRB- 15 per cent -RRB- . 5 . Twiggy -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB- . 6 . Queen Elizabeth I -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB- . 7 . Sean Connery -LRB- 9 per cent -RRB- . 8 . David Bowie -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- . 9 . Victoria Beckham -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- . 10 . Kate Moss -LRB- 8 per cent -RRB- . Bizarrely , just outside the top five was Queen Elizabeth I , with James Bond actor Sean Connery coming seventh in the poll . Music legend David Bowie came in eighth place , just beating former Spice Girl turned fashion designer , Victoria Beckham . Despite being at the forefront of British fashion for the last two decades Kate Moss only just scraped it in to the poll in tenth place . The study also revealed the biggest fashion faux pas once over the age of 30 - hot pants were voted number one for women and ponytails for men . Other no-no 's past the age of 30 were mini-skirts and boob tubes for girls and skinny jeans and football shirts for men . But it 's not all bad news as 37 was voted as the most stylish age for men and it was age 36 for women . The royal family got a good show - Princess Diana came second , Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth . David Bowie came number eight on the poll , while Twiggy came fifth . The lucky celebrities currently at the height of their fashion peak include TV presenter and model Myleene Klass , Gone Girl actress and recent Oscar nominee Rosamund Pike . For the men , one of the UK 's biggest rising acting stars Tom Hardy . The survey also showed that nearly one in five would scrap a potential second date with someone they did not think was stylish . It also pays to look good when trying to influence people - nearly half of those questioned said they agreed that stylish people seem more powerful or authoritative . Women : Men : . 1 . Hot Pants - 31 % 1 . Ponytails - 34 % . 2 . Mini Skirts -- 25 % 2 . Baggy , worn below the waist jeans -- 23 % . 3 . Tube tops -- 20 % 3 . Dropped crotch trousers -- 22 % . 4 . Leopard print -- 11 % 4 . Skinny jeans -- 17 % . 5 . Crop tops -- 10 % 5 . Football shirts -- 11 % .