A gang of fly-tippers have dumped a staggering 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road in a pretty Suffolk village . The mounds of rubbish , described by one police officer as the worst he has seen in almost 30 years , will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up . It is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the industrial waste in Walsham-le-Willows , between Eye and Bury St Edmunds , . Flytipping : A 40-tonne pile of industrial waste has been dumped by the side of the road in a Suffolk village . Dumped : Police believe the fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport the rubbish to the roadside . The gang piled up the rubbish , which includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries , at about 9.30 pm on Thursday . PC Mark Bryant , a rural crime officer , said : ` It 's horrific . I have never seen anything like it in my 28 years , certainly not in Suffolk , not on that scale and not as blatant . ' He added : ` It 's quite incredible . If it 's a black bin in a layby you almost expect to see it but not three trailers full - this is unheard of . ` We do get more of it at this time of year and we have recently started a campaign against it with the NFU -LRB- National Farmers ' Union -RRB- and CLA -LRB- Country Land and Business Association -RRB- . ' ` Horrific ' : PC Mark Bryant , rural crime officer , said it is the worst case of flytipping he 's seen in 28 years . Campaign : Police , the National Farmers ' Union and the Country Land and Business Association are trying to prevent fly-tipping . Jessica Fleming , county councillor for Walsham-le-Willows , said : ` I am obviously absolutely appalled and disappointed to hear that this has happened but I hope that the people who have done this will be caught . ` It would have been shocking for people passing in their cars - I certainly will be following this up and trying to find the culprits . '' Police and Environment Agency officers are now trying to clear the huge pile of waste .