Todd Kincannon , 33 , has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . A Columbia attorney and former executive director of the South Carolina Republican Party has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . Todd Kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening . A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday . An arrest warrant alleges that Kincannon 's wife , Ashely Griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car , ` squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle . ' Griffith told police Kincannon threatened to kill her , himself and her family during the incident -- threats he is accused of having made previously . ` It should be noted Ashely was trembling as she wrote her statement , ' the report said . According to Kincannon , he ` accidentally overdosed ' on the prescription drug Benzonatate -- which he says he was taking to deal with an upper respiratory infection . An arrest warrant alleges that Kincannon 's wife , Ashely Griffith , told deputies that he threatened to kill her , himself and her family during the incident -- threats the lawyer is accused of having made previously also . ` Basically , I went completely crazy after taking it , ' Kincannon told The City Paper two days after the incident . ` I do n't even remember all of it . My wife called 911 because she was worried about me and my behavior was way out of character and erratic , and she was afraid for her safety and mine . ' In the aftermath of that statement , it emerged that Griffith has more than forty-eight hours of audio recordings of her husband verbally abusing her as well as photographic evidence of possible domestic abuse , reports FITS . In one clip Kincannon tells Griffith he will have his ` revenge ' if she leaves him , and that he will make her ` very f*cking sorry ' if she fails to follow his instructions for improving their marriage . ` Now I 'm going to tell you right now -- I ca n't survive in this f*cking environment that you create with your bad attitude and your unhappy spirit , ' Kincannon said . ` I 'm -- I 'm sick of it and I 'm done with it . And I want to make very clear to you -- I do n't give a sh*t about you , or about any of the sh*t in your life . I do n't give a sh*t about all your f*cking divorce threats . You have pushed me so far down the hole that I do n't care any more . ' Kincannon , who refers to himself as the ` honey badger of American politics ' , has gained a reputation on Twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism . Kincannon , who refers to himself as the ` honey badger of American politics ' , has gained a reputation on Twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism . Last September in the wake of the NFL scandal about Ray Rice brutally knocking out Janay Palmer , Kincannon tweeted that she deserved it . ` I hope the dumb * itch who initiated physical violence with her NFL player fiance leanred a good lesson when he justifably beat her ass , ' he tweeted . Kincannon , who has always refused to apologise for his provocative tweets , appears to have deleted his Twitter account in the wake of his recent arrest .