Muslim communities in parts of Britain have a ` cultural problem ' where they view women as commodities to be abused , according to the Culture Secretary . Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in British society ' . His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale , Rotherham and Oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them . Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in British society ' Mr Javid told the Daily Telegraph a ` misplaced sense of political correctness ' prevented police and social workers from properly investigating claims of abuse . Mr Javid said : ` Well , first of all the perpetrators were disproportionately Asian Muslim men , and I absolutely think there has been a misplaced sense of political correctness that prevented authorities , whether social workers or police , from properly investigating what was going on . ` If we are to learn proper lessons from this , we have to look at the cultural side of some communities in Britain and see why it is that in some communities there are men that have a view of women that is completely unacceptable in modern British society . Why do they have such a low value of women that they see them as commodities to be abused ? ' The Tory minister said the authorities had to ` get to the bottom of this ' and emphasised that ` we have to look at the cultural aspects of it ' . The Tory minister 's comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale , Rotherham and Oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them . He urged Asian communities to look into ` what might be going on that we do n't know about ' . Mr Javid said : ` We can no longer be held back in any sense by political correctness . ` I know plenty of people , British Muslims , men and women , who would 100 per cent agree with that , not only out of a sense of shame but also because of the fear of what else might be going on . Some of the values that certain people in some communities have , in their attitudes to women or on the question of freedom of expression , are just totally unacceptable in British society . ` We do no one any favours when we do n't investigate or talk about them . ' Mr Javid revealed in a speech to the Union of Jewish Students in 2014 that he had experienced racism at school . He said he was called a ` Paki ' by a classmate . He said : ` I did what any cool , calm future Cabinet minister would do . I hit him . And then he hit me , and I hit him back and things sort of went downhill from there . ' Mr Javid , whose background is remarkably different to many of his colleagues , has been tipped as a future Tory leader . His parents came to Britain from Pakistan in 1961 . His father , Abdul-Ghani , worked in a cotton mill before getting a job as a bus conductor .