She 's a household name , having hosted several TV shows , edited the Australian Women 's Weekly , and launched her own wellness website ` Balance by Deborah Hutton ' ... and now Deborah Hutton has added another accolade to add to her merit - she 's releasing a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years . This week Hutton has released ` My Love Affair with Food ' in collaboration with the Australian Women 's Weekly , featuring over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos . The 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for recipes . Cooking credit : Media personality Deborah Hutton has added ` cookbook author ' to her accolades . Despite having a health and wellbeing website , Hutton has chosen not to buy into the ` diet/health cookbook ' trend and is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy - salt and carbs inclusive . ` I 've always had a love affair with food , I love cooking food , shopping for it and while it 's always been a challenge since my modelling days to both enjoy food but still fit into the clothes I like , I think if you set yourself up for a too strict routine you 'll fall off the wagon at some point , ' says Hutton . ` There 's enough health books out there , I 'm not about to do one , ' she said . ` While it 's good to have your diet cookbooks and no sugar , these recipes are about the things that make me happy . ' And if Hutton 's confession that ` a gin and tonic and salty chips ' after a day on the golf course is one of the things that makes her happy , the cook book is sure to appeal . Confessed carb lover : Hutton bucks ` health trend ' in favour of wholesome food - salt and carbs included . Crisp comfort : The ` Crispy Cheese Ravioli ' as featured in ` My Love Affair with Food ' Ingredients . Method . 1 . Place the egg and breadcrumbs in separate bowls . 2 . Half fill a deep-fryer or large saucepan with oil and heat to 190 ° c -LRB- the oil is hot enough when a cube of bread dropped in the oil turns golden in 30 seconds -RRB- . Dip each ravioli in egg , then toss in the breadcrumbs , to coat . Working in batches of five , fry the ravioli for 1 -- 2 minutes or until golden and crisp . Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towel . 3 . Meanwhile , heat the pasta sauce in a small saucepan over low heat until hot . Season to taste and stir in chopped basil ; transfer to a heatproof serving bowl . 4 . Arrange the ravioli on a platter , sprinkle with the extra parsley or basil and serve with the sauce for dipping . Note : If you prefer not to use a cheese filling , any ravioli works just as well . Time : 25 minutes . Serves : 4-6 . This dish makes you look like a star without really trying . I like to quickly cook these after everyone has arrived , so the cheese is still warm and gooey . Just ask your guests to pass the platter . While she is an advocate of juicing , Hutton also believes overall diet trends just do n't work . ` I 've tried just about everything but as a general rule of thumb I do n't think fad diets are sustainable , you need a balance . So while I do n't like things too deep fried or have a sweet tooth , I will take salt and carbohydrates any day , that 's my weakness . ' Not to say Hutton is n't a advocate of good health though . In 2011 she was diagnosed with skin cancer -LRB- only two years after her brother had lost the battle to liver cancer -RRB- and spent weeks thereafter in hospital with a face full of stitches . This scare put her life in perspective and now other than a glass or two of wine in the evening , health is her number one priority . Hutton is now an ambassador for the Skin and Cancer Foundation , the founder of Balance by Deborah Hutton - a community website for women 40 + that focuses on sharing health and wellbeing information , and as mentioned , is an avid golfer who regularly spends time on the course . She also confesses that while known for religiously slip , slop , slapping , in an ironic twist of fate , her doctor recently told her she 's now lacking in vitamin D and calcium . Sexy soufflé : Hutton says her banana soufflé is the ultimate date night dessert and is sure to impress . And in Hutton 's good humoured nature , she is taking it in her stride and using the news to her foodie advantage . ` When she told me I was highly deficient in both vitamin D and calcium I said - `` so basically I get to play out in the sun and eat cheese ? '' and she said yes , and I laughed and told her I loved her ! ' In her new cook book , you can expect both ` naughty things ' ` and ` really good things ' . Ingredients . Method . 1 . Cook penne in a large saucepan of boiling well-salted water until just tender ; drain , cover to keep warm . 2 . Heat oil in the same saucepan over medium heat . Add the garlic , chilli , zucchini and rind . Cook gently for 1-2 minutes or until softened but not browned . 3 . Return the hot pasta to the saucepan with the butter and fetta . Toss together and season to taste . Serve topped with parmesan . Note : Remove the seeds from the chillies for a milder flavour . Cooking time : 20 minutes . Serves : 4 . Trust me when I say , that once you 've had this , you 'll be back for more . There 's something really refreshing about the crunch of the raw zucchini and the zesty lemon . ` You wo n't find it heavy in the dessert section or deep fried , or too many ingredients or eight hours of preparation , ' she said . ` There is an amazing chocolate panettone in there . I 'd only have that maybe once a year , so not often but I had to include it ! ' Another favourite is the ` Mediterranean Chicken ' which she says is not only delicious but a regular on her entertaining menu because it 's easy and means ` you 're not strapped to the kitchen while everyone else is having fun . ' Day on the green : An avid golfer , Hutton loves nothing more than a gin and hot chips after a day on the course . And at 53 , life is only getting better for Hutton . She has a second cook book in the works focusing on her love of entertaining and she 's more invested than ever in inspiring and supporting women via her website Balance by Deborah Hutton . ` Turning 50 I wanted to be the best version of myself and it really is just getting better . Originally I was excited to turn 40 but I love what I 'm doing now . I 'm invested in this business - I want to help and connect with women and I also want to inspire people to get in the kitchen , ' says Hutton . ` Afterall , there 's no time like the present and I 've never felt more empowered . ' Cheers to that : The ` Venice Dusk ' cocktail as featured in ` My Love Affair with Food ' Ingredients . Method . 1 . Cut rind from watermelon ; cut flesh into 2 cm cubes , place in a ziptop bag ; freeze for 1 hour or until ready to use . 2 . Half fill a jug with ice cubes , frozen watermelon and mandarin rind . Stir vodka and sugar in a small bowl until sugar dissolves ; stir mixture into jug with remaining ingredients . Serve immediately . Note : Aperitifs are made by infusing herbs and/or fruit in alcohol and water ; they have a bitter taste and are characterised by their dark red colour . Use an aperitif such as Aperol or Campari . Cooking time : 15 minutes + freezing . Makes : 8 cups . Deborah 's perfect menu for date night that is sure to impress any guest . Drink one : A Vodka Martini . Entrée : A dozen freshly shucked oysters . Main : The sexy pea and mint risotto with additional seared scallops on top . Drink two : A Dry Riesling from the Clare Valley . Dessert : The banana soufflé - it 's low fat , has no sugar and the presentation makes you look like a killer chef ! Fresh off the press : The new book is on sale this week for $ 14.95 .