The pound has slipped to a five-year low against the dollar amid growing uncertainty about the outcome of the general election . But the pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar , its lowest level since June 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . Different polls have variously put the Tories and Labour narrowly ahead , with David Cameron and Ed Miliband both facing the prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government . The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar , its lowest level since June 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament , with neither major party able to form a stable government . There are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent . Today 's fall in the value of the pound was also impacted by figures showing industrial production grew by just 0.1 per cent in February . Construction shrank by 0.9 per cent following a 2.5 per cent contraction in January . It was suggested that the figures pointed to overall growth slowing to 0.4 per cent for the first quarter , down from 0.6 per cent in the last three months of 2014 . That would be the weakest pace of growth since the end of 2013 . Labour have made gains in a series of opinion polls , enjoying leads in three and cutting the Conservative lead in another . The latest survey also contains good news for the Liberal Democrats who gain three points to draw level with Ukip for the first time in more than 18 months . Based on the 2010 election result , David Cameron needs to win another 23 more seats to secure a majority in the Commons , while Ed Miliband needs at least 70 . Nick Clegg is defending 56 seats , but is braced for heavy losses . ComRes research for ITV and the Daily Mail suggested the race was still too tight to call with the Tories on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent , but that compared with a four-point deficit for Ed Miliband 's Opposition at the start of the campaign . Other polls gave Labour leads of between three and six points and one suggested that for the first time voters thought Ed Miliband was doing a better job than David Cameron . The Opposition gained two points on last week in the Survation poll for the Mirror , while the Conservatives dipped one , to move ahead by 35 per cent to 31 per cent . The Labour leader - despite still trailing his Tory rival as the best to be prime minister by 37 per cent to 25 per cent - will be delighted at their latest personal approval ratings after lagging consistently behind throughout most of his leadership . A hard-hitting report by BlackRock , the largest fund manager in the world , said last week that ` a soothing outcome for the markets is hard to imagine ' given Labour 's anti-business policies and Tory plans to hold a referendum on Britain ' s membership of the European Union . ` Labour would be tough on business -- and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility , ' the US giant said in the report . ` A Conservatives-dominated Cabinet would pave the way for an unsettling referendum in 2017 on the UK 's EU membership . ` Whoever wins -- and the result could take some time to emerge -- will lead a weak government likely to pass only watered-down legislation . ' BlackRock , which invests in major British companies such as Tesco , said weeks of horse-trading to form a government would be ` harrowing for the UK ' .