As a sequel of sorts to the Diane Sawyer 20/20 special , TV viewers will be able to follow Bruce Jenner 's journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27 . But it is allegedly his sons Burt , Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change . ` They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV , ' a source told TMZ in a Monday report . Scroll down for video . Follow-up : Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! , a project that worries his kids according to TMZ on Monday . There is no denying that Bruce 's six biological children and four stepkids are ` proud ' of the father figure as some called him their ` hero ' on Twitter shortly after the ABC interview aired on Friday . And as the former Olympic gold medalist moves forward with his long-awaited physical transformation , the spotlight and attention on him will be brighter than ever . ` Kim and the boys think Bruce was spectacular on the Diane Sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process . His kids have gone to their dad to express their concern , ' the insider told the gossip site . ` They say they 're worried Bruce 's upcoming docu-series might `` de-class '' what he 's accomplished . They also urged Bruce not to do other interviews , and finish the process in private . ' The only Kardashian : ` Kim and the boys think Bruce was spectacular on the Diane Sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process , ' added a source . Jenner sons : ` They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV , ' it was also shared . Brandon and his brothers : ` They urged Bruce not to do other interviews , and finish the process in private , ' it was noted . Adding : ` Bruce believes the docu-series will educate people and create empathy , so he 's committed . ' On Monday , never-before-seen footage from the tell-all interview aired on Good Morning America that showed the Jenner brothers and Bruce 's eldest daughter Casey talking about their childhoods in which Bruce was not around for . ` We have a very complex relationship , ' Casey admitted . ` He 's disappeared out of our lives , especially out of my life , so I 'm looking forward to this next chapter . ' Brandon spoke of Bruce during the years in the early '80s : ` Us missing a time of our lives is still the probably the hardest thing for us to deal with , we 're trying not to look back , just looking forward . ' Sticking together : Brandon and Brody share the same mother -LRB- second wife Linda Thompson -RRB- while eldest child Burt is from first marriage to Chrystie Jenner -LRB- pictured in May 2012 -RRB- . Older kids : Burt , Brody , daughter Casey and Brandon were the only children who appeared in the 20/20 interview . Struggle : ' -LSB- Bruce -RSB- disappeared out of our lives , especially out of my life , so I 'm looking forward to this next chapter ' Bruce admitted he was not around for his children when they need him the most telling Diane : ` The big formative years for them I was really struggling with these issues . I talked to all the boys about this after the fact that , yeah , I did n't do a good job . And I apologized to my kids for that . ' Those times appear to be a thing of the past as the Jenner siblings have now stated that ` all is forgiven . ' While the Keeping Up With The Kardashians cast did not appear on the 20/20 interview - viewed by a staggering 16.9 million people - many speculate that ex-wife Kris Jenner and her children Kim , Kourtney , Khloe , Rob and Kylie and Kendall will be featured on the upcoming docu-series because it will be broadcasted on the E! network . However , TMZ 's sources cited that ` Bruce 's kids wo n't appear on his show . ' Love no matter what : During the interview , Bruce stated that Kim was ` by far the most accepting ' of his transgender journey . Growing up without their father : ` Us missing a time of our lives is still the probably the hardest thing for us to deal with , we 're trying not to look back , just looking forward ' With the hope that his reality show will be both informational and educational , Bruce has signed a contract with E! to air one hour episodes starting July 27 that will be consulted by the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation -LRB- GLAAD -RRB- organization . Jeff Olde , Executive Vice President of Programming and Development at E! , said of Bruce 's decision to share his journey with the world : ` Bruce is incredibly courageous and an inspiration , and we are proud to be entrusted with this deeply personal and important story . ` This series will present an unfiltered look as Bruce boldly steps into uncharted territory and is true to himself for the first time . ' Bruce 's representative told MailOnline : ` Ca n't put a series on hold that has yet to be confirmed as even happening in the first place . ' Champion : ` Bruce believes the docu-series will educate people and create empathy , so he 's committed ' His pride and joy : The former Olympic athlete told Diane that his kids are ` the only one 's he 's concerned with ' On Sunday , eldest child Burt doubted some of his dad 's newfound supporters when he took to Twitter writing : ` Having a hard time not putting a few people on blast who were not supporters before hand , but want to act like they were all along . ' Meanwhile that same day Brandon and Brody - whom Bruce fathered with second wife Linda Thompson - shared photos of themselves with their famous parent . ` You won another gold tonight . I stand with you on this journey . I love you Dad , ' the former Hills star commented on Saturday . ` Proud son , ' the father-to-be - who was the first to be told by Bruce about the transition - wrote before the ABC interview aired on Friday . Kim spoke to Today Show 's Matt Lauer on Monday revealing that Bruce has ` found inner peace ' after speaking his truth . The other side of Bruce 's family : Biological daughters Kendall and Kylie and stepdaughters Kourtney and Khloe were pictured on Thursday with mother Kris Jenner . Spotlight : E! 's Keeping Up With The Kardashians has been featured as a hit reality show for ten seasons now . During the 20/20 special , the thrice married star and host Diane shared that it would be the last interview would doing as Bruce and that he is ready to embrace the woman he calls ` Her . ' The star expressed that he ` is a girl stuck in a guy 's body ' and that ` his brain is much more female than it is male . ` Yes I am a woman , my heart and my soul and everything I do in life , ' he said . ` That female side is who I am . ' When asked by Diane to fill in the blank ` When you think of me ... ' Bruce gave a heartfelt response saying : ` Please be open minded , have an open mind and open heart . I 'm not this bad person I 'm just doing what I 've got to do . ' ` If he 's happy , we 're happy ' : Kendall and Kylie were the only offspring to give an official statement for the ABC special .