Bruce Jenner will break his silence in a two-hour interview with Diane Sawyer later this month . The former Olympian and reality TV star , 65 , will speak in a ` far-ranging ' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of ' 20/20 ' on Friday April 24 , ABC News announced on Monday . The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman , and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February . And while the Kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage , they will not be stealing Bruce 's spotlight because they will be in Armenia when the interview airs , according to TMZ . Scroll down for video . Speaking out : Bruce Jenner , pictured on ` Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' will speak out in a ` far-ranging ' interview with Diane Sawyer later this month , ABC News announced on Monday . Return : Diane Sawyer , who recently mourned the loss of her husband , will return to ABC for the interview . Rumors started swirling around Jenner 's gender identity last year , when he emerged from a Beverly Hills clinic with his Adam 's apple shaved down . His behavior over the past year also fueled speculation as he began embracing an increasingly female appearance , including growing out his hair , shaving his legs and painting his nails , while reportedly undergoing hormone therapy . He also split from with his wife of more than two decades , Kris Jenner , with whom he has two daughters , Kyle and Kendall . She filed for divorce in September 2014 , citing ` irreconcilable differences ' . Reports also emerged over the past week that he has received a breast enhancement . ` Bruce had silicone breast implants put in a few weeks ago , ' a source told RadarOnline . ` He went with a smaller implant because he did n't want to look ridiculous . ' On Sunday , he was seen walking to his car in Malibu but hid his body beneath a bulky sweatshirt . Out and about : Jenner was pictured walking back to his car in Malibu on the weekend and hiding beneath a large sweatshirt on Sunday , days after reports that he had undergone a breast enhancement . Hiding : He also apparently had painted his nails red when he was seen walking on Sunday . According to Radar , Jenner wants to have all surgeries completed in time to make his on-screen debut as a woman on the fall season of ` Dancing with the Stars ' . Jenner is also rumored to be filming a spin-off docu-series about the transition on E! , although his reps have refused to confirm the claims . While Jenner himself has remained silent about his reported transition , some of his relatives , including step-daughter Kim Kardashian , have spoken about about his ` journey ' . ` I guess I 'll kind of let everyone be curious and I feel like that 's his journey to talk about , ' Kim recently told Entertainment Tonight . ` I will say that I think Bruce should tell his story his way . I think everyone goes through things in life and I think that story and what Bruce is going through , I think he 'll share whenever the time is right . ' Jenner , who won gold in the decathlon at the 1976 Olympics , also made headlines earlier this year for his involvement in a deadly car crash in Malibu . Deadly : In February , Jenner 's vehicle , which was pulling a trailer and an ATV -LRB- seen right -RRB- rear-ended a woman 's car -LRB- left -RRB- and pushed it into the lane of an oncoming Hummer . She died at the scene . By his side : Bruce , pictured with his ex-wife Kris Jenner and four of his step-children -LRB- from left -RRB- Rob , Kim , Kourtney and Khloe , has received support from his family . Kris filed for divorce from him last year . His Cadillac Escalade , which was pulling a trailer and off-road vehicle , plowed into the back of a Lexus and pushed it into the path of an oncoming Hummer on February 7 . The Lexus was carrying 69-year-old Kim Howe , who died from chest trauma at the scene . Police sources say Jenner is unlikely to be prosecuted because he was n't drinking , speeding or texting at the time of the fatal crash . His tell-all interview will also be one of Sawyer 's first forays back to TV news following the death of her husband , acclaimed director Mike Nichols , following a heart attack last November . Last September , she left the anchor chair of ABC World News and announced that she planned to focus on specials . In February , she presented ` A Nation of Women Behind Bars ' , in which she went to prisons across the country to speak with female inmates .