A couple from Louisville Kentucky shared the tragic story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son on Thursday . Brian Bayers tearfully told WAVE how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house . Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open . Scroll down for video . Tearful memory : Brian Bayers tearfully recalled how he accidentally backed over his 18-month-old son . Shattered : Brian and Amanda Bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son Jackson in February . Crushed : Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around , he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle . After going back inside his house to find he son missing , he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck . Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around , he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle . ` When I got out of the truck , I hopped out of the truck to run to the back door and hopped up on the stoop and the back door was wide open , ' Brian said . Bayer said he wishes he could have done something to prevent his son 's cruel fate and describes himself as the kind of father who would check the floor to make sure there was no change or small objects his son could accidentally swallow . ` I went flying out the back door basically to see him on the driveway , and um ... he had already been hit at that point in time and I had backed over him , ' he added . ` I never saw him at any point in time . Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up . When the front wheels back around , he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle , ` he continued . Loving father : Brian Bayers was a loving father who tried to take all safety measures for Jackson . Miss him dearly : The Bayers say they will miss their son and that they would do anything to have him back . Brain called 911 and his wife Amanda who was at work at the time . Amanda told WAVE she rushed home and held her sons lifeless and bloodied body for hours . ` I immediately wanted to hold him and held him for hours , ' Amanda told WAVE . ` I think just kissed him and rocked him , we took him back to his room . I just kept saying , `` Why ? '' ` she added . The Bayers say they are sharing their story so that other parents do n't make the same mistake . They say that parents should have some kind of safety lock and not leave door open if their child is unattended , even momentarily . ` If we can save one child 's life by this and prevent one family from the kind of devastation that we have faced , that will be his legacy , ' Brian said . Happy child : Jackson was a playful and curious child and when he ran outside to chase after his loving daddy , sadly he was crushed by a car . Learned a lesson : ` If we can save one child 's life by this and prevent one family from the kind of devastation that we have faced , that will be his legacy , ' Brian said .