Probe : Guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last Thursday to raid Dr Rory Lyon 's surgery and a private address . The widow of one of four patients whose deaths are being investigated on the Channel Islands last night spoke out to defend the GP at the centre of the police probe . Yvonne Deegan , 77 , described the investigation as ` absolutely diabolical ' and said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons . Her husband Bernie Deegan , 70 , died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle . Police last week told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into Dr Lyons . The retired stonemason was a close friend of Colin Cosheril , 63 , whose sudden death from heart failure last year is being also being looked at . Islanders have said it was concerns over the unexpected death of Mr Cosheril 's cousin Karen from pneumonia in January that prompted the investigation in to Dr Lyons , 62 , who has been suspended from practicing . But Mrs Deegan , 77 , yesterday said she had no complaints over Dr Lyons or the care he gave her sick husband Bernie . She said her husband 's death was sudden but not unexpected as he had been ill since he was diagnosed with throat cancer 12 years ago . The great-grandmother said : ` Only God could have helped him . ` I have always been perfectly happy with Dr Lyons and whatever is going on I think it is absolutely diabolical . ` I do n't know who started all this but I think they are all very wrong . ' Guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last Thursday to raid Dr Lyon 's surgery and a private address . The Eagle Medical Practice was searched for five hours and computers and papers -- including medical records -- were seized by police . Mrs Deegan said she did not know why her husband 's death was being looked at and police had not given her any information either . The cancer had recently spread to Mr Deegan 's chest and specialists in Guernsey had warned the family he did not have long left before he died in January . She said : ` The police are not saying anything . They are telling us not to talk to anyone but they are not telling us anything . ' But she said she had no reason to be concerned about how her husband died , adding : ` As far as I 'm concerned there should be no reason . They gave him a death sentence 10 years ago . ` I do n't really know and I ca n't really understand it and actually I 'm very , very sad about it . ` The police said Dr Lyons was being looked into and Bernie 's death had come up and I said well I did n't see why . ` He has been cremated so at least they ca n't dig him up . Thank God . Because that I would n't have . ' Relatives : Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died . Karen , 52 , left , died in January of pneumonia and Colin , 63 , right , died of heart failure in May last year . The widow said her husband 's death was sudden , but said : ` It was in the sense of the word sudden but we knew it was going to happen because the lung specialist in Guernsey told us . ' Mr Cosheril 's sister Brenda Webb reported his sudden death to the health authorities last year and was told last week it was being investigated as part of the police probe . It is believed the Guernsey health service launched an investigation into Dr Lyons when concerns were raised about the death of divorcee Karen Cosheril , who often used her married name Tayleur , in January . Chief of Police Patrick Rice last night said : ` Our Neighbourhood Policing Team Sergeant has met community leaders and spoken to a wide range of islanders over the last few days . ` Our Alderney-based police officers will continue this work as we seek to ensure islanders are being reassured about this serious investigation . ` I will repeat that this decisive early police action was necessary in order to ensure the protection of the public , which is always our main focus . ` The investigation will be conducted as expeditiously as possible , however , given its nature and complexity it could take a considerable amount of time to conclude . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .