She 's a best-selling singer , actress , fashion designer , beauty buff and one of the world 's best connected stars . And now , Rita Ora - who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a Kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe 's most successful and popular stars - is lending her good looks to a modelling campaign . Rita has been unveiled as the face of Rimmel 's latest beauty campaign and showcases the brand 's colourful new collection of eyeliners , lipsticks and nail varnishes . Scroll down for video . Rita Ora , 24 , has lent her good looks to Rimmel 's colourful new beauty campaign . Rocking a red lip and beachy , tousled hair , Rita proves she can cut it as a model . Kate Moss had to wait almost a decade to get a look from Rimmel but not Rita , who was snapped up in 2013 by the beauty giant . Rita has even unveiled her own festival-inspired range , Rimmel : Colourfest Lip and Nail Collection by Rita Ora , for the beauty giant . The collection , which is also inspired by Rita 's passion for music , is full of long-lasting lip glosses and high shine polishes in the rainbow hued colours that Rita loves . Rocking a red lip and beachy , tousled hair , Rita proves she can cut it as a model as she showcases her cleavage in a Brian Litchenberg graffiti-emblazoned crop top . Rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range , Rimmel : Colourfest Lip and Nail Collection by Rita Ora , for the beauty giant . As well as conquering the beauty world , Rita partied with fashion 's finest at Tommy Hilfiger 's new store opening and dinner party that followed in Paris , France , on Tuesday night . Rita 's rapper beau Ricky , son of the legendary designer , smartened up for the occasion , ditching his usual emo jumpers and baggy jeans for a grey suit . The green-haired star happily posed alongside his girlfriend , who set off her look with a top-knot and a slick of deep red lipstick . Rita partied with fashion 's finest at Tommy Hilfiger 's new store opening and dinner party that followed in Paris , France , on Tuesday night with her boyfriend Ricky . Rita and Ricky 's romance has been going from strength-to-strength since they met last summer and the pair reportedly moved in together in January . The Voice UK coach showed no sign of her recent disappointment after losing her two remaining acts , Karis and Joe , during the semi-final of the BBC One singing competition last weekend . The pop starlet is the only coach going into the final with no acts . Kaiser Chiefs frontman Ricky Wilson was the only mentor to get both of his acts - Emmanuel and Stevie - into the final , while Will.i.am and Sir Tom both have a contestant in the running to be crowned the winner of series four . Rita 's own collection is also inspired by her passion for music , with one polish in her range fittingly being named ` Glastonberry '