Currently showing in cinemas , the new documentary Montage of Heck claims to offer the most intimate glimpse yet into the life of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain . But one Los Angeles resident can offer fans an even more intense taste of the singer 's life , by letting them sleep in his house . Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A. 's Fairfax district during the height of Nirvana-mania . Scroll down for video . The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920 's building on Spaulding Avenue L.A. 's Fairfax district . A picture taken of Kurt Cobain in the early 90s , sitting on the end of the double bed he shared with Courtney Love . And with a parrot resting on his head , of course . The graffiti , however , has long since disappeared . Now its current owner , Brandon Kleinman , 31 , has listed it on Airbnb . He wrote on the page advertising it : ` The place is the perfect combination of comfort , style , location and ... rock n ' roll history . ` Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love lived in the home during the height of Nirvana 's musical influence 91-92 to be specific . ` At the time , Kurt was focused on song writing and his artwork , much of which was created in the apartment . ` He -LRB- Cobain -RRB- was particularly into painting during this time and even decorated the walls in the living room and bedroom . ' ` His favourite spot in the house : the bathtub . In it , he wrote the song ` Heart-Shaped Box . ' The couple lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992 , just before Frances Bean Cobain was born . It is described as ` beautiful , decorated and clean ' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when Cobain moved out in 1992 . According to Charles R. Cross 's 2001 Cobain biography Heavier Than Heaven , the singer and his wife rented the unit for $ 1,100 -LRB- £ 727 -RRB- a month . During the time they lived there , Love was pregnant with Frances Bean Cobain , while Cobain was focusing on song writing and his artwork , much of which was created in the apartment . Current guests will have to pay a little more to enjoy the central LA location , with Mr Kleinman offering the apartment for $ 4,5654 -LRB- £ 3,016 -RRB- a month , or $ 1,142 -LRB- £ 754 -RRB- a week -LRB- which works out at about $ 163 / £ 108 per night -RRB- . Current guests will have to pay a little more to enjoy the central LA location , with Mr Kleinman offering the apartment for £ 3016 a month , or £ 108 a night . Up to three guests can stay in one bedroom of the 1,500-square-foot , two-bedroom , two-bath flat . One of four homes inside a 1920 's building , it offers a large living room with seating , a dining area and a small but fully stocked kitchen . It is described as ` beautiful , decorated and clean ' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when Cobain moved out in 1992 , which showed graffiti on the walls and rubbish scattering every available surface . The rooms where Cobain stayed have undergone a full renovation since he lived there . Cobain moved out when Love was eight months pregnant after a leak in the bathtub damaged the guitars , music and other possessions he stored there . Since then the place has been fully renovated and much of the idol 's artwork has been covered up . Mr Kleinman told Vulture magazine : ` There 's latex painting over the fireplace ' It 's owner suspects art painted by Cobain is hidden under layers of paint on the apartment 's walls . ` I know there 's tons of art painted on the actual mantel of the fireplace . I want to see if there 's a way to get under the layered paint , to see what he painted under there . ' ` I tried to get to the original hardwood floor in the hallway , but I ca n't , ' he said . ` It 's damaged because the bathtub leaked while Kurt and Courtney lived here . That 's why they moved out . ' The apartment is located in the middle of LA , five minutes from shopping mecca The Grove .