Known for his life of fast cars , supermodels , and heavy-duty firearms , Dan Bilzerian is perhaps the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about responsible gun use . But the so-called ` King of Instagram ' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them . The film shows a stony-faced Bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder , an action figurine of himself , and a bizarre painting , while lecturing people on ` responsible ' gun ownership . Dead pan : Speaking from a desk in his home , complete with gun candle holder -LRB- rear left -RRB- , an action model of himself -LRB- front left -RRB- , Dan Bilzerian has been forced into making this film about responsible gun ownership . Not amused : The playboy gun-obsessive was forced into making the short film in order to avoid jail after being accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them . He says : ` As an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules . ` Public lands are for everyone 's use . Be responsible when shooting and clean up the area you were shooting in so others can enjoy the land . ' Referencing the charges against him , Bilzerian says : ` When shooting exploding rifle targets check with local and state law laws . ` Just because you can buy an exploding target , does not mean that it is legal to mix and explode . ` If shooting exploding targets use only in intended use containers . ' The tape then cuts away to footage , believed to be of Bilzerian , shooting a target which promptly explodes into a plume of flame . He adds : ` As this is not intend use . ' Bilzerian published this photo after he was released from custody following his arrest last year with the caption ` jail ... let 's not do that again ' , a phrase he is forced to repeat in the film . Arsenal : Trust-fund child and professional gambler Bilzerian amassed 7.4 million Instagram followers by posting a constant stream of images featuring guns , young women , and wild parties . Bilzerian goes on to warn viewers that they can kill themselves or others when shooting exploding targets , before urging people to ` be responsible ' . He then ends the film by saying ` jail ... let 's not do that again ' , the same phrase he sent to his followers after he was initially released from custody , along with a picture of himself on his private jet with two young women . Bilzerian has a following of 7million people on Instagram where he has become known for posting images of scantily clad women , wild parties , and his extension gun collection . His outlandish lifestyle has led to legions of fans and critics following his every move , which is all funded by his vast inherited wealth . And it was that following the Bureau of Land Management decided to tap into when they agreed not to jail Bilzerian following his arrest last year . Instead of locking him away , they gave him a rather nominal $ 10,000 fine , but also strong-armed him into making the film , which has since been widely viewed . Lethal force : Bilzerian once served in the Navy and took part in SEAL training , but was dismissed two days before passing after being disrespectful to an officer . Heavy artillery : Bilzerain has used his socail media following to turn himself into a celebrity by bragging about his lifestyle , including firing this 20 mm cannon . Explosive temperament : On Thanksgiving Day , Blizerian shared this video of him blowing targets to smithereens with a large-caliber gun . This is not the first time Bilzerian 's crazy antics have got him into trouble with the law . At the end of last year he found himself on the end of a lawsuit after model Vanessa Castano claimed he kicked her in the face in a nightclub . Footage from the scene appears to show Bilzerian dancing on a stage in a club in South Beach , Miami , with the crowd below him , before he lashes out with his foot . However , last month police said they were no longer investigating the model 's claims . Bilzerian has been in trouble with the law before after pornstar Janice Griffith , 19 , attempted to sue him for $ 85,000 when he threw her off his roof and into a pool , breaking her foot . Model Vanessa Castano -LRB- pictured -RRB- also threatened to take Bilzerian to court after alleging than he kicked her in the face while dancing in a club in South Beach , Miami . He was also facing a lawsuit for $ 85,000 in lost earnings after he threw pornstar Janice Griffith , 19 , off the roof of his home and into the pool below . However she landed short , breaking her foot . She had tried to claim money for shoots she could not attend following the accident . Bilzerian fought back , claiming the model grabbed at his t-shirt at the last second , nearly dragging him off the roof with her . The charges were eventually dropped . Bilzerian is reportedly worth $ 100 million , making the bulk of his cash as a high-stakes gambler after developing his skills as a student at the University of South Florida . Bilzerian 's life usually consists of partying with young , attractive women and firing high-calibre weapons - so it is no surprise he was less than enthused about the safety video . Bilzerian is reportedly worth $ 100million , making the bulk of his cash as a high-stakes gambler . He has won multiple tournaments , his most successful being the 2009 World Series of Poker . He is also co-founder of online poker room , Victory Poker . Before gambling , he served with the Navy before eventually getting kicked out of SEAL training two days before graduating for offending an officer . He was ultimately given an honorable discharge . He lives extravagantly with homes in Las Vegas , San Diego and Los Angeles , .