A Conservative building in Scotland has been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a Tory councillor claimed . A swastika and the word ` scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night . A ` Q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy . Conservative headquarters in Scotland have been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' , a Tory councillor has claimed . Ross Thomson , a Scottish Conservative Councillor , posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch . He wrote : ` Our party office has been targeted by vandals , showing the ugly face of nationalism . ' He added that the party was ` really upset ' and said it just wanted people to engage in democratic debate , The Press and Journal reported . ` It shows there is an element of society out there that ca n't accept the referendum result , ' he said . Reports suggest Labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals with a white ` Q ' added to its black door . It is not known if it was done by the same people . It comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the Scottish Referendum . Ross Thomson , a Scottish Conservative Councillor , posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today . It comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the Scottish Referendum . A polling station in Dumbarton was sprayed with a threatening ` vote yes or else ' message to No voters in September . A polling station in Dumbarton was sprayed with a threatening ` vote yes or else ' message to No voters . The graffiti was removed within hours by decorators - but No supporters branded it ` threatening and intimidating ' . A No Thanks banner in a farmer 's field similarly had ` scum ' plastered on it and was also covered with Yes stickers . Meanwhile a Yes campaign banner was chopped down in Killin while another was vandalised in Balmaha . Police Scotland is investigating . A spokesman said : ` Sometime between 5 pm and 7 am obscene words and symbols were painted on the windows . '