German Chancellor Angela Merkel did not look too pleased about the weather during her annual Easter holiday in Italy . As Britain basks in sunshine and temperatures of up to 21C , Mrs Merkel and her husband , chemistry professor Joachim Sauer , had to settle for a measly 12 degrees . The Chancellor and her spouse have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia , near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade . Not so sunny : Angela Merkel and her husband , chemistry professor Joachim Sauer , are spotted on their annual Easter trip to the island of island of Ischia , near Naples . The couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island , which comes with its own private beach , and balconies overlooking the ocean . Guests are also given exclusive use of the Aphrodite Apollon Thermal Gardens spa centre which has 12 natural thermal pools , a naturally heated sauna and a gym . Prices start at £ 160 per night but can go up to £ 280 for some of the more expensive suites . Due to the lack of sunshine , Mrs Merkel has reportedly avoided the pool and lounges , and instead been enjoying Pilates classes . The couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island . Healthy holiday : The German Chancellor has reportedly hired a private Pilates instructor and enjoying vegetarian meals at the five-star hotel where she stays . Luxury stay : Prices at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel start at £ 160 per night but can go up to £ 280 for some of the more expensive suites . The German Chancellor has hired a personal Pilates trainer who will be working with her during the couple 's holiday , Italian media reports . She is also said to have spent time in the spa 's thermal baths and enjoyed healthy vegetarian dinners in the hotel restaurant , the newspaper said . Mrs Merkel 's husband , a professor of theoretical chemistry , is rarely seen alongside her and has shunned the limelight throughout their marriage . Mr Sauer never speaks to the media and famously skipped her inauguration in 2005 , instead watching the event on TV at his Berlin university .