With just 28 days to go before polling day , Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck . The latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent , pointing to another hung Parliament on May 7 . But while voters are saying one thing in public , Britain 's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private -- with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories . Scroll down for video . While voters are saying one thing in public , Britain 's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private -- with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories . Twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on the Conservatives than Labour , MailOnline can reveal . One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £ 10,000 on David Cameron 's party to emerge with the most seats -- with not a single bet of this size on Ed Miliband 's Labour . The betting market echoes polls which have revealed that people expect Mr Cameron to remain Prime Minister -- even if they are not planning to vote for the Tories themselves . With the election going down to the wire , bookies have seen a flood of political bets . Gambling industry experts told MailOnline this year 's general election to be the first in history with more than £ 100million placed on its outcome -- three times the amount staked in 2010 . The bookies Paddy Power said they are expecting the election to be the biggest non sporting market in its history -- topping the market on the next Pope after Benedict 's retirement and the flood of bets on the royal baby in July 2013 . So far it has seen twice as much staked on the general election this year than at the same point last time . The largest bet placed with Paddy Power was a £ 50,000 punt on a hung Parliament which was made at the end of March with odds of just 1/5 . The lucky punter would scoop £ 10,000 if neither party won a majority . Overall , the betting market is pointing to another hung Parliament but with the Tories as the largest party . The latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent , pointing to another hung Parliament on May 7 . 3/1 Ed Miliband to be photographed eating another bacon butty . 16/1 David Cameron to get the average supermarket price of a pint of milk wrong by 10p or more . 10/1 Eric Pickles to be photographed visiting more than five chippies . 20/1 Royal baby to be born on general election day . While most of the bets have been placed on who will be the biggest party , there have also been a host of left-field punts . More than 100 bets have been placed on Ukip becoming the largest party in the House of Commons -- at odds of 100/1 . If either party were to pull off the shock feat , the bookies would be forced to pay out more than £ 100,000 . Overall , the betting market is pointing to another hung Parliament but with the Tories as the clear largest party . The betting suggests the Tories will win 285 sears , twelve ahead of Labour on 273 - with the Lib Dems finishing with just 25 MPs , Ukip 4 and the SNP 42 . Despite the Lib Dems ' struggles , Mr Clegg is still expected to stay on as the party 's leader at the end of the year -- with 80 per cent of bets on his future backing him to stay in place . The SNP , meanwhile , are being backed to triumph in Scotland -- scooping 43 seats -- while Ukip are only expected to win in four constituencies . Betting at another bookmaker Coral paints a similar picture . A spokesman for the bookmaker said the bets it had taken suggested that that the Conservatives will win 285 seats , with Labour finishing on 264 . Coral is forecasting 45 seats for SNP , 27 for the Liberal Democrats and 7 for UKIP . Coral 's Simon Clare said : ` This promises to be the most open , exciting and unpredictable General Election in history but we are putting our necks , and our odds , on the line with this Coral Election Forecast and are confident that it will prove a reliable guide to the outcome on 7th May . ' Ladbrokes ' forecast meanwhile shows the Conservatives ahead of Labour by just four seats . The map forecasts a total win of 278 for the Tories compared to 274 for Labour , with the SNP on 41 ahead of 30 for the Lib Dems and 3 for UKIP .