Momentous : Kim Woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the Savoy Grill . A former MasterChef semi-finalist has become the first woman to run the prestigious Savoy Grill kitchen in its 126-year history . Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue , which has hosted lunches for the likes of prime ministers , musicians and captains of industry for decades . The 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand , London in 1889 . Auguste Escoffier -- dubbed ` chef of kings ' -- was installed by hotel manager César Ritz when the Savoy first opened . Since then , a number of well-known chefs have followed , including Marcus Wareing and Andy Cook -- but never a woman . Ms Woodward , who lives in Camden , said : ` It is an absolute honour for me to be the head chef here in one of London 's most iconic restaurants . Obviously there is so much history here , and the people who come through the door come here for the classic dishes that the Grill is famous for . ' At the five-star , art deco Grill , which is now part of the Gordon Ramsay stable , Woodward will head a team of about 35 chefs , of whom some 40 per cent are women . It marks her return to the venue -- she was a sous chef between 2010 and 2012 , before becoming head chef at the York & Albany gastropub in Camden . She reached the semi-final of the 2011 series of MasterChef : The Professionals . The Cheshire-born chef said she would continue the ` masculine '' culinary traditions established by Escoffier , including a daily roast trolley , and classics such as Beef Wellington and Dover sole . It was more important to keep the Grill true to its traditions of `` great quality cuts of meat and fish '' rather than regain the Michelin star lost when it closed for refurbishment in 2007 , she said , adding : ` People are here because it is a classic grill . ' As well as powerful men , the Savoy Grill has been a magnet to some of the world 's most famous women including Marilyn Monroe , Elizabeth Taylor , Doris Day and Victoria Beckham . It was also where Vivien Leigh met her future husband Laurence Olivier . Heritage : But the Materchef contestant has promised to continue the ` masculine ' traditions of five-star Grill . Escoffier created a number of famous dishes at the Savoy , including Peach Melba in 1893 , in honour of Australian singer Nellie Melba , and Melba Toast in 1897 . Another signature dish , Omelette Arnold Bennett , was created for the novelist and is still on the menu . Ms Woodward said she hoped to bring her own trademarks to the Grill , including a tonka bean and strawberry millefeuille dessert .