The scream factor of rides at a Cornwall fun park are being measured over the Easter holiday period to see if the noise will impact the residents of a new 480-home development nearby . A reading on the ` fright ' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards theme park in Helston will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents . Ian Cunningham , who has recently taken ownership of the tourist attraction , said he was ` amazed ' to discover no-one had realised the homes will be built right alongside his rollercoaster . Noise levels are being tested on the rollercoaster at Flambards in Cornwall over the Easter period . ` There will be music and screams from the roller coaster ... a theme park without noise is not a theme park , ' he told a meeting of the Helston town council planning committee . Cunningham is worried people would buy the new houses and then later complain about the noise , leading to potential restrictions being imposed on his business . ` Residential housing close to a go-kart track , which we also have , seems a little short-sighted , ' he added . Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields . The readings from the fun park will go into a report as local planning council considers a 480-house project . Cunningham said when he bought Flambards , he was made aware of the Helston strategic framework , which had earmarked HX2 -LRB- the name given by council planners -RRB- as the preferred area for residential development in town . This was also agreed by Helston Town Council last year . But he said the framework document makes no mention of Flambards . The 1,000-resident development is proposed for next door to the popular Cornwall theme park . Nick Jackson , the planning agent on behalf of Mr Martin , said the plans were only outlined at this stage and the position of houses on the land could be agreed later . He said noise experts would be monitoring Flambards over the Easter holidays to assess the level of screaming . The committee is awaiting further information from the developers , including an environmental impact report and the noise report , before their next meeting on April 16 . Their decision will be passed onto the Cornwall Council , who will have the final say .