Candle entrepreneur Jo Malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising the Tories ' as the ` only people ' who can keep the economy secure . Perfume entrepreneur Jo Malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising the Tories as the ` only people ' who can keep the economy secure . In a major boost to the Conservatives ' lacklustre campaign , the signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - said they ` would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' . Ms Malone , one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter , this morning claimed a Labour government would ` jeopardise ' the economic recovery . Appearing on Sky News , Ms Malone said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006 , but had ` started all over again ' by setting up a new business three years ago . The new candle and fragrance business , called Jo Love , now employs 14 people she said . But Ms Malone claimed Labour were a risk to all small businesses like hers . She said : ` The world is looking at us as a really strong economy again . Its working , and people 's lives are coming back together and jobs are being created , why would we jeopardise that ? ` I 've never put my head above the parapet in politics but I feel so passionately and so strongly this time that I do have to say something . And this is my voice I 'm not representing anyone but myself and my business . ` With 10 days to go and from what I 've seen I 'm afraid my vote is not going to go to Ed Miliband it 's going to David Cameron and I 'm going to support them and I 'm going to speak out because I believe this economy is on a very secure footing . ' It comes as Mr Cameron attempts to move the arguments of the election campaign onto Britain 's economic recovery . In a major boost to the Prime Minister - pictured in central London this morning - 5,000 businesses said they ` would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' Mr Cameron launched the Conservatives ' small business manifesto this morning - promising to make Britain the best place in Europe to set up a company . The Tories ' small business launch suffered an embarrassing blow this morning after one of the firms which apparently put its name to a letter in support of David Cameron withdrew its support -- claiming it never signed it . Aurum Solutions has been removed from the letter after saying its sales director did not sign it and that the company 's policy is to remain ` politically unaligned ' . The company asked for its name to be taken off the letter , tweeting : ` Our Sales Director did not sign the letter in support of the Conservative Party . Please remove signatory 413 immediately . ' Aurum Solutions managing director Helen Belcher claimed that sales director Steve O'Hehir was sent an email by the Tories , then clicked on a link within it , but did not enter any details . But the Tories said all the signatories had to actively enter their details on the party website . A party spokesman said : ` Everyone whose name was published actively signed up to the letter on the Conservative Party 's website . ' The letter to the Telegraph states : ` We run small businesses right across the country . We work hard , make sacrifices and invest our own money to help our businesses grow and succeed . ` It was tough during the recession , but we kept going . This Conservative-led Government has been genuinely committed to making sure Britain is open for business . ` They 've managed to get the economy moving again by tackling the deficit , helping to keep interest rates low and inflation down . We 've been helped by their steps to lower taxes , reduce red tape , simplify employment law and get the banks lending . ' A change to a Labour government the letter warns ` would be far too risky and would undo all the good work of the last 5 years ' . The letter is designed to challenge Labour claims that the Tories only support big businesses . It was organised by Karren Brady , the star of the Apprentice and Tory peer and comes as the party today launches its small business manifesto . Baroness Brady said : ` Ed Miliband and his team do n't really get what it is to run a business . ' Writing in the Telegraph , she added : ` If Labour got into government and started wrecking our economy again , many more businesses would struggle and jobs would be lost . ` It does n't bear thinking about . David Cameron and the Conservatives have a clear plan for this country which is already taking us in the right direction . ' Mr Cameron appeared on ITV 's ` Lorraine ' this morning , with just a week and a half until polling day on May 7 . Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna last night insisted Labour would be better for small businesses . He said : ` The Tories have spent five years letting down Britain 's small businesses . Government scheme after government scheme designed to boost finance for small firms has failed , and small business lending has fallen by £ 500m in the last three months . ` With Labour , the tax burden on small firms will be lower than under the Tories who have overseen an increase in business rates of around £ 1,500 . ` Labour 's Better Plan will cut - then freeze - business rates , set up a Small Business Administration and a proper British Investment Bank to back small businesses . And only Labour will tackle late payment and the unfair treatment of small suppliers we 've seen under the Tories . '