You might think that you 're saving yourself some smart dollars by opting for the cheaper alternatives of everyday household items sold at two dollar stores but an environmental specialist has warned that you could actually be making your family sick . From bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knick-knacks like silly straws and children 's stick-on jewellery , hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases . A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States by the Ecology Centre found that 133 out of 164 products tested , including children 's jewellery , floor mats , kitchen utensils and silly straws , contained at least one hazardous chemical ` above levels of concern ' . From bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knick-knacks like silly straws and children 's stick-on jewellery , hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies , Nicole Bijlsma , told Daily Mail Australia that an investigation into products sold at Australian two dollar stores could produce similar results . Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies Nicole Bijlsma said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin . ` Based on the amount of products that have been recalled over the years and studies which have found the levels of industrial chemicals are rising in younger generations , there 's definitely a history to indicate that they -LSB- products at discount stores -RSB- could contain chemicals that cause adverse health affect , ' Ms Bijlsma said . ` It depends on the type of chemical , but a lot of these things are absorbed through ingestion and dermal exposure . Kids have a very high hand to mouth ratio and are putting things in their mouth all the time . ' A set of children 's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine , chlorine and lead . Bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it , while studies have found that chlorine causes cancer as well as thyroid and kidney disease . Meanwhile , scientists have found that even the smallest amount of lead can affect a child 's ability to learn . Dozens of other products were also listed as having harmful chemicals , including silly straws which were found to have high levels of chlorine and phthalates which have been linked to birth defects , reduced fertility , cancer , learning disabilities , diabetes , and other health issues , according to the report . She said that a recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States , which found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical ` above levels of concern ' , would find similar results in Australia . Additional harmful substances found in the products included polyvinyl chloride plastic -LRB- also known as PVC or vinyl -RRB- and packaging chemical bisphenol-A -LRB- also known as BPA -RRB- . 1 . Buy Australian made products : They are subject to rigorous regulations and Australian manufactures are not permitted to use harmful chemicals . 2 . Go back to basics : Use glass and stainless steel to store food instead of plastics . 3 . Less is best : If it 's not edible , it wo n't be good for your skin either , as it absorbs whatever is put on it . 4 . Try the natural approach against pests first : Instead of pest sprays , install fly screens and ensure no food is around before reaching for chemicals . 5 . Leave your shoes outside : take them off before you go inside and trek dust and pesticides from outside into your home . Ms Bijlsma , a building biologist , who assess people 's homes - including measuring chemicals in their water , air , building materials and household products - to see what 's making them sick , said that while discount stores were the focus of negative attention , harmful chemicals can be found in any product which is manufactured outside of Australia . ` About 90 per cent or more of our products , including footwear , clothing and furnishings , are n't actually manufactured in Australia . They 're manufactured in Asia and imported products are not regulated in the same way as they are here and that 's where the problem lies , ' Ms Bijlsma said . ` To use a safer alternative would cost more money and sometimes it 's just easier for company 's not to bother doing research - why would they ? In Australia they do n't have to prove that the chemicals they are using are not harmful . ` BPA is a good example because people got wind that it was affecting children 's behaviour and had an increased risk of breast cancer - so the manufacturer changed it and replaced it with bisphenol-S which has shown to be worse . A non-slip bath tub mat was found to have high levels of chlorine and phthalates -LRB- stock pictures -RRB- . ` It 's about generating profits for industry and so they get cheap products in , but they neglect safety standards . ` It 's possible because regulators do n't ask for a certificate of analysis to prove there are no banned industrial chemicals in the product and just assume that what the manufacturer overseas says is accurate . ' A spokesman for the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission -LRB- ACCC -RRB- told Daily Mail Australia that while ` there is always a possibility that some products on the market might not meet accepted standards of safety ' the ` chance is very small ' . It assured that the ACCC had an active chemical inspection program and that the products supplied to discount variety stores are ` often included in analytical surveys and surveillance activities conducted by the ACCC ' and other product safety regulators . However they also put great emphasis on Australian Consumer Laws which require suppliers to ` ensure their products are safe and suitable for their intended purpose ' , saying : ` most suppliers have systems in place to source safe products . ' Stock image : Children 's stick-on earnings sold at the stores were found to contain high levels of bromine and chlorine and medium levels of tin . Latex coated gloves were found to have high levels of chlorine and medium levels of antimony while silly straws were found to have high levels of chlorine and phthalates -LRB- stock pictures -RRB- . Ms Bijlsma said not enough was being done by the ACCC , which she said only completes occasional spot checks , with thousands of shipping containers going unchecked . ` The system is based on just doing spot checks here and there , but it does n't happen with every product , ' she said . ` We have a mismatch of five or six organisations in Australia that are involved in chemical and manufacturing regulation and they are under-resourced , understaffed and it takes them years to regulate a chemical . ` The way chemicals are regulated here is primarily through self-regulation : it 's based on a reactive approach system where if you have had a significant health complaint from a consumer , you are obliged to pass it on . ` Then they -LSB- regulators -RSB- list it as a `` priority chemical '' , see what other countries do and talk to other organisations , and write a recommendation report - this takes years . Extensions chords were found to have high levels of chlorine and phthalates while plastic spoons were found to have low levels of chlorine and tin -LRB- stock pictures -RRB- . ` That 's not adequate to protect our families ' safety . It 's not good enough . The system needs to change and the burden of proof needs to be on the manufacturer to prove the product is safe before it 's released on the market . ' The ACCC stated that products found to be unsafe are removed from the market or recalled by suppliers and that any company that fails to comply with standards faces a fine of up to $ 1.1 million . But part of the problem lies in the average Australian 's trust that anything being sold to them on a supermarket shelf is tested , according to Ms Bijlsma . ` Consumers assume someone is regulating chemicals and that 's where the problem lies . In reality , even 80 - 90 per cent of all the chemicals in household products like cleaning products and personal care products , have never been tested for harmful chemicals , ' she said .