On Sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon . For one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route . Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts . Fitness fans Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the London Marathon . Unfortunately Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti . Speaking on Sunday , 34-year-old Laura said : ` It has been an absolutely incredible day , the atmosphere has been electric and to be able to share it all with our family and friends has made it really special . ` We 've done so much training together that I found running the first half on my own a bit strange but it made our reunion even more meaningful . The last leg was definitely tough but I think we were both so euphoric and had such great support from the crowds that we were carried round . ' Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . After a wash , brush up and outfit change they returned to the venue for their evening reception , pictured . Paul added : ` It has been such an emotional day and I 'm overjoyed to be married to Laura . ` The last few miles were tough going but having my wife by my side certainly helped . I 'm hoping the combined adrenaline rush of getting married and completing a marathon will give us enough energy to get through the evening and celebrate in style . However I think we are going to have to take it steady on the champagne ! ' Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests . They then completed the run together . After a wash , brush up and outfit change they returned to the venue for their evening reception . Laura and Paul ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for the ceremony which was witnessed by 80 guests . They finished the race together and were showered with confetti at mile 26 . For the marathon , the pair wore specially crafted outfits handmade by the bride and her mother , which combined traditional wedding attire with a more practical and comfortable design and materials suitable for running . A spokesperson for Cancer Research UK , said ` It 's been an exciting day for Laura and Paul . Not only have they got married but they have run the Marathon as part of our biggest ever team . It 's thanks to the incredible support from people like them that we can make progress in the fight against cancer . ` We wish them all the best for their future together and if you feel inspired by Laura and Paul why not take part in one of our others sports events - you do n't need to do 26 miles to help beat cancer sooner . '