Holocaust survivors have gathered at the site of the former Bergen-Belsen concentration camp to commemorate the anniversary of its liberation . More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp including diarist Anne Frank and her older sister Margot . British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15 , 1945 . Today , seventy years on , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . Scroll down for video . Survivor Marie Vaislic from France sits on a mass grave reading ' 1000 dead rest here ' after the ceremony . It was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in northern Germany . Officials also attended the ceremony including Joachim Gauck , the German president , who said the British soldiers were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge ' . He added : ` We commit ourselves to the obligation of never denying these crimes and of preserving the memories of the victims . ' Ronald Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress , also attended the memorial . He told an audience : ` Right now , we stand on one of the largest Jewish cemeteries in the world . But there are no gravestones , there are no markers . An elderly woman covers her mouth in disbelief as she looks at the mourning wall at the former concentration camp , where more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died . Red and white roses , yellow tulips and stones lay on and in front of the gravestone of diarist Anne Frank and her older sister Margot . Women and men mourn as wreaths of blue , white , red and yellow flowers are laid on the memorial . British soldiers took over the camp on April 15 , 1945 . Joachim Gauck , the German president pictured -LRB- above -RRB- during the ceremony , said the British soldiers who liberated the camp were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture ' ` The victims buried here lost not just their lives ; the Nazis took their identities as well . ' Lauder also warned that anti-Semitism is on the rise again in Europe , 70 years after the end of the Holocaust . ` Today , 70 years after this camp was liberated , we hear the same anti-Semitic lies . ` Today , a Jewish boy wearing a yarmulke can not walk down the street in Paris or London or Copenhagen without fearing for his life . ' Anne Frank 's diary recounts how her family went into hiding from the Nazis in the Netherlands during the Second World War . It became a bestseller when it was published at the end of the war . The book documents how Anne , her sister Margot and her family went into hiding in a canal house . They were eventually betrayed and sent to Bergen-Belsen , where she and her sister died . After the war the Dutch government set the official date of Anne 's death as March 31 , based on survivors accounts stating that the girls died sometime in March . But some accounts suggest that she might have died in the middle of February - just two months before British soldiers liberated the camp . It is likely she caught typhus , which was rife in the overcrowded camp . Her sister Margot also passed away and experts think she too had the disease . Their grave , which reads Margot Frank 1926 - 1945 and Anne Frank 1929 - 1945 , is a poignant memorial that still stands where the Nazi camp used to be . Red and white roses , yellow tulips and stones were laid carefully around the grave earlier today . Anne Frank , pictured with her sister Margot , before they were moved to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in World War Two . Survivor Maria Gniatczyk , Mr Gauck and the Duke of Gloucester -LRB- left to right -RRB- listen to a survivor 's speech during the ceremony . A man in a wheelchair arrives with a wreath as others sheltering from the drizzle under umbrellas walk to the memorial . Members of the British Army , dressed in full uniform , attend the ceremony and listen to one of the speeches with their arms folded behind them . Some of the survivors brought small , colourful bunches of flowers and laid them on plaques on the ground alongside other tributes . Ronald Lauder , president of the World Jewish Congress , also attended the memorial and gave a speech where he said 70 years on ` we hear the same anti-Semitic lies ' Prince Richard , Duke of Gloucester -LRB- right -RRB- , walks behind two girls dressed in black and carrying a huge bunch of white flowers . British soldiers freed around 60,000 prisoners but discovered tens of thousands of bodies of people who had died from extreme overcrowding , disease and starvation . Typhus , which Miss Frank is thought to have died from , was particularly rife . Ceremonies have been held across Germany and Poland throughout the spring marking the advance of Allied troops as Nazi Germany neared defeat . They are even more poignant this year because of the dwindling number of survivors and witnesses to the Holocaust , the murder of six million Jews by the regime of Adolf Hitler . Ceremonies were also taking place today at the former Flossenbürg camp in southern Germany , where around 30,000 people died between 1938 and 1945 . Meanwhile , French President Francois Hollande visited the former Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp during a service to mark the French National Deportation Day in Natzweiler , eastern France . Meanwhile , French President Francois Hollande -LRB- centre -RRB- visited the former Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp during a service to mark the French National Deportation Day in Natzweiler , eastern France . French junior minister for European affairs Harlem Desir -LRB- left -RRB- , European Council president Donald Tusk -LRB- second left -RRB- , Mr Hollande -LRB- centre -RRB- and Latvian prime minister Laimdota Straujuma -LRB- fourth from right -RRB- visit the World War Two site . Thee survivors of the former Nazi camp - adorned with medals and wearing blue , white and red - listen to the ceremony . Martin Schulz -LRB- left -RRB- , European parliament president , and Mr Hollande -LRB- right -RRB- stand in the gas chamber at the former concentration camp .