The NYPD detective caught on video screaming at an Uber driver has lost his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty , police officials said Wednesday . The New York Post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge , Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force . ` No good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference announcing Cherry was being placed on modified duty . Scroll down for video . Screaming and raging : Detective Patrick Cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the Uber driver hooted at him . ` Because all good cops know that officer just made their jobs a little bit harder , ' Bratton added . ` In that kind of encounter , anger like that is unacceptable . In any encounter , discourtesy and obscene language like that is unacceptable . ' The New York Police Department 's Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation into the incident , which occurred in the West Village , after footage captured by a passenger was posted online . The officer was named by the New York Daily News as Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD 's Joint Terrorism Task Force . Shell shocked : The driver , named only as Humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to Detective Cherry . Detective Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn . The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade , questioning the diver 's command of the English language as well as his driving ability . Cherry 's case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of ` discourtesy ' . Detectives ' Endowment Association President Michael Palladino said Cherry was returning from a visit with his colleague Detective Harry Hill . Hill had recently had a heart attack while undergoing surgery and Cherry was reportedly very stressed . ` The past five days have been emotionally draining for the members of the JTTF dealing with their fellow detective 's health , ' Palladino said . ` Despite what some people think , cops have feelings , too . ' During the three-minute video , Detective Cherry shouts at the driver , screaming , ` I do n't know where you 're coming from , where you think you 're appropriate in doing that . ' ` That 's not the way it works , ' he continued . ` How long have you been in this country ? ' The two passengers in the backseat of the car can be heard assuring the driver that he has done nothing wrong , with one of them saying ; ` It 's not your fault ; this guy 's just a d *** . ' Moments later the cop returns with a ticket , this after he has pounded on the car and , according to one of the passengers , thrown things in the vehicle . As the driver agrees with everything the cop says , he manages to cut off the man , which sends him into another tirade as he screams ; ` I do n't know what f ****** planet you 're on right now ! ' The officer also mocks the driver 's accent throughout and his pronunciation of certain words . Passengers in the cab claimed that Detective Cherry failed to indicate before attempting to park his Hyundai . ` Our Uber driver , Humayun , was abused by a police officer today in New York , ' Sanjay Seth , who took the video , wrote on his Facebook page on Monday . ` The unending rage , door slamming , throwing items into the car , threatening arrest without cause was bad enough - but the officer 's remarks at the end really took it to another level . ' ` The behavior in the video is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the NYPD investigating the incident , ' Uber said in a statement . ` We are in touch with our driver-partner who was subjected to this terrible experience and will continue to provide any support he needs . '