An airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being ` stung by bees ' . Lenny Mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester , New Hampshire on Thursday . He told ABC7 : ` Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going owww . ' He added : ` She was smirking ... I mean , she said zero at this point , and I just kind of , and all I wanted to do was not be sitting next to her . ' Scroll down for video . Lenny Mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to New Hampshire on Thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring before take-off . Lenny Mordarski , 68 , described the attack by a female passenger to ` being stung by bees ... owww ! ' The woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of Chicago . Crew appear to pass the pen used by the female passenger in the assault on fellow traveler as he slept . The woman , dubbed ` Psycho Pen Lady ' by another fellow passenger , was removed from the flight . The Southwest Airlines flight which was scheduled to leave Midway International Airport at 1.15 pm was delayed for almost two hours due to the ` disturbance ' . The Chicago Fire Department was called to evaluate Mr Modarkski after he was stabbed in the arm . Mr Mordarski said he would not be pressing charges following the incident . His best friend , photographer Michael Sutton , said the pen stabbing began after Lenny 's arm brushed up against the woman while he slept . Mr Sutton , 41 , told Daily Mail Online : ` She took her pen and stabbed his arm several times causing him to yell out in pain . ` The pilot ordered the plane back to the gate to escort he off the flight where we gave a statement and she was removed for endangerment . ` Luckily he wore a thick long sleeve shirt or there would have been blood . He will have a few bruises in the morning . ` The passengers cheered when they heard she was n't coming back on . ' Southwest Airlines supplied the men with free gin and tonics and when the plane landed , a flight attendant said : ` Please keep your writing utensils to yourself and have a great day ' . The woman was allegedly ` smirking ' when she was removed from the plane . Southwest accommodated her on another flight . In a statement to Daily Mail Online , South West Airlines said : ` A customer on flight 577 was removed from the flight before takeoff after poking her seatmate in the arm with a pen . ` The flight departed for Manchester shortly after the passenger was removed . The passenger in question was accommodated on a later flight . No injuries were reported . ' Michael Sutton -LRB- left -RRB- said that his best friend Lenny Modarski -LRB- right -RRB- yelled in pain after he was stabbed in the arm by a woman on his flight .