Two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral . Kevin Pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , Brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson , Florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life . The injured brother , 16-year-old Trevor , attended the boys ' funeral at St. James the Apostle Catholic Church in a wheelchair on Wednesday , while his divorced parents , Helen Campochiaro and Luis Pimentel , were seen receiving hugs from well-wishers before the service . As many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would 've celebrated their birthdays this week ; Kevin would have turned 13 on Monday and Brady would have turned seven on Friday , the Tampa Bay Times reported . Loss : Kevin Pimentel , 12 , -LRB- left -RRB- shot dead his six-year-old brother , Brady , -LRB- right -RRB- before taking his own life in their Florida home as they made dinner last week . The two boys were laid to rest on Thursday . Mourners leave the funeral in Port Richey , Florida as the boys ' older brother Trevor Pimentel , 16 , who was shot in the leg in the incident , is helped into a waiting limo . The three boys had been home alone at the time . At the service , the Reverend Mike Cormier said the boys were now ` at the world 's greatest sleepover ' . The youngsters died while they were home with their 16-year-old brother . Their mother , who works two jobs to keep the family afloat , and another brother , 18 , were not home at the time . Officials said there was no argument or incident that sparked the gunfire . According to a statement the Pasco County Sheriff 's Office released on Thursday , Kevin was making dinner in the family 's home and asked his older brother , Trevor , to help . Using a gun kept on the top shelf in a closet area of the family 's mobile home , Kevin then shot Brady in Brady 's room , Trevor told police . After wounding his older brother in the leg , he then turned the gun on himself . The deaths came just one day after their mother , 38 , set up an account on gofundme , appealing for support for her family . On the page , she explained she had been left injured and financially drained by a recent car crash and needed to find a new place to live within two weeks . Grief-stricken : The boys ' mother Helen Campochiaro is pictured with Kevin -LRB- center -RRB- and Brady -LRB- right -RRB- . The single mother to four boys was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings . Remembered : Flowers and pictures of the boys were displayed inside St. James the Apostle Catholic Church . ` The mother 's going through an absolute living hell right now , ' Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco said the day after the boys died . Authorities said they have found no evidence that child welfare officials or police had ever been called to the home before the shooting . Campochiaro is a hard-working woman who had two jobs so she could take care of her boys and after the car crash , she did n't even go to the hospital because she had to work , Nocco said . On her Facebook page she says that she makes themed cakes and is a seamstress . Helen 's sister , Barbara Campochiaro , of Spring Hill , told The Tampa Bay Times the children ` were raised with gun safety ' and that Helen owned a firearm , though she was not sure what kind . ` She was a single mom with four boys . Unfortunately , she could only afford to live in a trailer , ' Campochiaro said . ` She just had it -LRB- a gun -RRB- for protection . ' Victims : Six-year-old Brady -LRB- left -RRB- was killed in the shooting , while Trevor , 16 -LRB- right -RRB- , was shot in the leg . The boys ' father , Luis Pimentel , said he did n't know his ex-wife , from whom he separated in 2012 , kept a weapon in the home . In an interview with Fox13 , he said that he had noticed Kevin was becoming withdrawn and no longer wanted to take part in family activities . He said he saw him getting angry at Brady over small things . ` I did n't get into it with Kevin , ' he said . ` I did n't want to have any confrontation with him . I let him do what he wanted to do . I should have maybe disciplined him a little more . ' He said the boys would spend half of their time with him and he always looked forward to their visits . ` I miss them very much , ' he said . ` I love them . I will never forget them . They were my life . ' Kevin was in middle school . Brady attended elementary school and Trevor took virtual high school classes at home in the mornings and culinary classes at a technical school in the afternoons . Anger : The boys ' father , Luis Pimentel , said he had noticed Kevin getting angrier and more withdrawn . Scene : The shooting unfolded in the family 's mobile home at the Sugar Lane park mobile home in Hudson . ` Me and my boys have had to start over from uncontrolled circumstances , too many times , ' she wrote on the gofundme page . ` Divorce , theft , abuse ... I have sold almost everything I own to make a better life for my boys , more than once . ' Campichiaro also alluded to having to leave her children at home while she worked . ` I regretfully feel like I never see my boys , ' she wrote . ` They are so good and so understanding.They do more than their share at home and for me.Least I can do is put them in a good home.I believe in paying it forward and try to do my part everyday . ' The page has raised nearly $ 7,000 . Friends of Campachiaro have set up a separate fundraiser for her on Give Forward , which has already received more than $ 13,000 in donations . ` She is a devoted mom , an extremely hard worker , and an incredible business woman , ' the page says of Campachiaro . ` Please help raise money for her family , for her son in the hospital recovering , and many , many expenses . Two of her sons were killed while she was at work , anything helps . ' Appeal : Helen Campichiaro set up this Go Fund Me page asking for financial help the day before the shooting .