Facinet Keita was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics when he was knocked out in the qualifying stages . An Olympic judo star from Africa is still fighting to stay in Britain -- three years after flying here for the London Games then refusing to leave . Facinet Keita , 31 , fled the Olympic village in summer 2012 , claiming his failure to win a medal meant he ` would be murdered ' if he returned to his native Guinea . His wife who was left to look after the couple 's two children has now split from him because she ` could n't wait for him ' . Mr Keita -- the official flag-bearer for the West African nation during the opening ceremony -- said he decided to go on the run after losing to an opponent from the Pacific island of Guam within five minutes . He said : ` My coaches told me I had lost the fight like a baby . They said I embarrassed my country and I would be in big trouble when we are at home . ' After three months sleeping rough , Mr Keita handed himself in to authorities and was locked up in an immigration detention centre . While there he made two requests for asylum , both of which were rejected . After the second failed request , he was told he had to leave Britain on December 17 , 2013 . He agreed to board a plane to Ghana , but upon arrival there he said that he was turned back because he did not have the correct travel documents . He returned to Britain and was once again detained . However , he was released in March 2014 and has since been coaching judo in Stoke-on-Trent . He now plans to make a third application for asylum . Mr Keita said he has built a new life in Britain and has met friends who have become like family . ` The people here are really welcoming , if you show them you are a good person , ' he added . Mr Keita was one of 20 Olympians who remained in Britain after the Games . He is refusing to leave the UK after he lost by ippon in the qualifying stages of the Men 's +100 kg against 34-stone Ricardo Blas Junior , from Guam -LRB- right -RRB- . Keita claims his coaches told him he lost the fight ` like a baby ' and there would be trouble when he returned . He is now being supported by an asylum seeker charity in Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire , while he applies for his third asylum application , after his first two bids and an appeal were refused . He is volunteering at a Sneyd Green Primary School Judo Club in Stoke -LRB- pictured -RRB- because he can not earn a living pending his asylum application . Before travelling to the UK for the Olympics , he had won five national titles in Guinea and regularly appeared on TV . Mr Keita denies he has stayed in Britain to claim benefits . He said : ` My situation is difficult , 100 per cent difficult . I want to be near my family and I want to see them but I ca n't . ' His request to stay in Britain has been backed by the African Social Health Agency , which supports asylum seekers . It described Mr Keita as an asset to the local community . A Home Office spokesman said : ` We do not routinely comment on individual cases . ` The UK has a proud history of granting asylum to those who need our protection and we consider every claim on its individual merits . ` When someone is found not to need our protection , we expect them to leave the country . '