One diner found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on . Toni Elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett 's Boat House in Franklin , Tennessee , on Thursday . However , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . Forty-nine precious stones followed . Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery , Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards . Scroll down for video . Not what I ordered : Toni Elliot , 53 , -LRB- right -RRB- found her meal had extra crunch this week when she found 50 pearls inside the baked oyster she was feasting on at Puckett 's Boat House in Franklin , Tennessee . As naturally-occurring pearls are rare , it 's expected that Elliot 's stash could fetch a princely sum . Eric Horton , who was serving Elliot at the time , said he could n't believe what he saw happening . He swiftly grabbed a container to collect the pearls up from Eliot 's dinner plate . Recalling the incident , he told WSMV News : ` It happens sometimes , every once in a while . ` However , this young lady continued to pull pearls out of her mouth , and the only thing we were missing was a string because she found 50 pearls in this one oyster . ' Puckett 's Boat House thought it could have broken a record for the most pearls in one oyster but apparently the number stands somewhere in the eighties . Eliot 's fellow diners apparently laughed as they watched the unusual scene unfold . Puckett 's Boat House thought it could have broken a record for the most pearls in one oyster but apparently the number stands somewhere in the eighties . The eatery said it was the first time such an incident had occurred in its history . Sometimes diners find one pearl in a mollusk but anything more is extremely rare . . Puckett 's Boat House says it gets their oysters from the Gulf of Mexico off Louisiana . Producing pearls is an oyster 's way of protecting itself against foreign substances , such as a parasite or piece of shell .