Nicola Sturgeon tonight backed the immediate transfer of all tax powers to Holyrood in a move that threatens a multi-billion pound cut to Scotland 's budget . The First Minister was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year , despite the catastrophic collapse in North Sea oil revenues . Such a move would leave a massive £ 7.6 billion black hole in Scotland 's finances , triggering either higher taxes , deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels . Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland ` as soon as possible ' , but Labour leader Jim Murphy -LRB- right -RRB- warned this would leave a catastrophic hole in the country 's budget . Miss Sturgeon struggled once again in a TV election clash screened by the BBC , just a day after she faced an audience backlash by refusing to rule out a snap second referendum on independence . She walked into a trap set by Labour leader Jim Murphy , who pointed out that one of the SNP 's biggest supporters , billionaire Jim McColl , admitted Scotland is not ready for fiscal autonomy . But asked when she wants full tax powers , Miss Sturgeon said ` as soon as possible ' . ` As Scotland 's voice in the House of Commons , if the SNP is there in numbers we will be arguing for as many powers to come to Scotland as quickly as possible , ' she said . ` I would like it as quickly as the other parties agree to give it . ' Asked by Murphy ` would your MPs vote for it next year ? ' , the First Minister replied : ` I would vote for it , would you support it ? ' To applause , the Labour leader swiftly responded : ` No I would n't . ` Absolutely not , and let me tell you why . This is the idea that we cut ourselves off from sources of taxation across the UK . Miss Sturgeon -LRB- centre -RRB- struggled slightly during a debate tonight in Aberdeen -LRB- pictured -RRB- just a day after she was booed for refusing to rule out another referendum after the election . Gaining full fiscal autonomy from the rest of the UK will likely leave Scotland with a £ 7.6 billion shortfall in cash , according to independent experts , after the value of North Sea Oil plunged earlier this year . ` After the difficult time that Aberdeen and the north east of Scotland been through , the idea that we voluntarily give up the pooling and sharing of resources , the ability to transfer money across these islands - I do n't think it makes sense . ' The debate was held in Aberdeen University 's Elphinstone Hall , and was chaired by the BBC 's James Cook -- who has been the victim of ` Cybernat ' abuse in recent days . Miss Sturgeon , Mr Murphy , Tory leader Ruth Davidson and LibDem leader Willie Rennie -- who all took part in an STV debate the previous night -- were joined by UKIP 's only elected politician in Scotland , MEP David Coburn , and Scottish Green co-convener Patrick Harvie . During the one-hour clash : . Much of the debate focused on the SNP 's support for ` full fiscal autonomy ' , which former First Minister Alex Salmond has described as ` home rule ' and critics have branded ` independence by the back door ' . It would see the devolution of every tax -- including North Sea oil revenues -- and leave only defence and foreign affairs reserved to Westminster , ending the generous Barnett Formula that funds Scotland . Scottish Government official annual accounts show how Scots contributed £ 400 extra in taxes than the UK average last year , but received an additional £ 1,200 in public spending . Scots Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie -LRB- left -RRB- warned Miss Sturgeon against another referendum , while Scots Green Party Leader Patrick Harvie -LRB- right -RRB- called for an end to North Sea drilling . Last month , the highly-respected Institute for Fiscal Studies -LRB- IFS -RRB- predicted that a ` fiscally autonomous ' Scotland would have a massive £ 7.6 billion black hole in its finances . That is the difference between the estimated budget deficit for the entire UK in 2015-16 of 4 per cent of Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- and Scotland 's budget deficit of 8.6 per cent . According to the independent Office for Budget Responsibility -LRB- OBR -RRB- , offshore revenues are expected to shrink to only £ 600million in 2016-17 . That is a staggering 13 times smaller than the most optimistic figures Alex Salmond based his independence blueprint on . Speaking after the debate , Tory leader Ruth Davidson said Miss Sturgeon 's election campaign is ` beginning to unravel ' . One member of the audience warned the First Minister that she ` does n't speak for everyone ' in Scotland . In the earlier STV debate on Tuesday , Miss Sturgeon said next month 's General Election is not a 're - run ' of the referendum , but pointedly said ` that 's another matter ' when asked about her Holyrood manifesto for 2016 . Her weak response was met with audible groans from the audience . Ruth Davidson -LRB- left -RRB- , leader of the Scots Conservatives , said Miss Sturgeon 's election campaign was unravelling . Ukip MEP David Coburn was branded a ` disgrace ' by Nicola Sturgeon . During the show , the SNP leader insisted : ` I do accept the result of the referendum . There is a triple lock on this . ` Before it is inserted in the manifesto , public opinion has to change , and then people have to vote for the manifesto if it is in it , then people have to vote for independence . ' Pressed on whether the Tories would block another referendum , Miss Davidson said : ` I do not see an area where if the circumstances arose again that we would . ` However , we would feel a betrayal very deeply when we were promised time after time by Nicola , by -LSB- Deputy First Minister -RSB- John Swinney , by all her MSPs , MPs , MEPs and councillors that this was ` once in a generation ' and we were told by the end of the campaign it was ` once in a lifetime ' . ' Mr Murphy said : ` You do n't get a mandate from an opinion poll , you get a mandate from a manifesto and you have gone from being a proud co-leader of the big Yes campaign to being the head of the ` maybes ayes , maybes naws ' campaign . ' Mr Rennie said : ` Just imagine if we had a different vote last September . ` I think there would be blind panic as a result of what has happened in the North Sea . ` Nicola Sturgeon has got a nerve to continue to argue for a policy that was soundly trounced in the referendum . ' UKIP 'S Scottish leader David Coburn was last night branded a ` disgrace ' by Nicola Sturgeon for comparing one of her ministers to convicted terrorist Abu Hamza . The First Minister rounded on the MEP after the Scottish Daily Mail revealed how he made the comparison when referring to Muslim minister Humza Yousaf . Mr Coburn was also roundly booed by the audience in the BBC leaders ' debate as he claimed ` open door immigration ' has contributed to the rise in food banks , and demanded a cut in foreign aid because most of it ` goes to dictators ' . In a fierce exchange , Labour leader Jim Murphy told him : ` Do n't demonise immigrants . How dare you ? ' Ruth Davidson . Best bit : A passionate defence of the UK , describing it as a ` social union as well as a political union ' . Key clash : A row with Nicola Sturgeon over a second independence referendum , in which she warned that breaking the SNP 's ` once-in-a-generation ' promise would be a ` betrayal ' . Worst bit : Forced to concede that Westminster would not stand in the way of another referendum if the SNP wins a majority . Verdict : Not quite as sure-footed as she was in Tuesday 's STV debate , but her honesty with voters and passion for the Union shone through . 7/10 . Nicola Sturgeon . Best bit : Branded David Coburn a ` disgrace ' to his face for comparing SNP minister Humza Yousaf to convicted terrorist Abu Hamza . Key clash : A battle with Jim Murphy over ` full fiscal autonomy ' and what it would mean for Scotland 's budget . Worst bit : Admitted SNP MPs would vote for full tax powers as soon as next year -- coinciding with a dramatic slump in North Sea oil revenues . Verdict : Unlike last week 's UK-wide debate , she struggled under scrutiny from her opponents , with full fiscal autonomy now a millstone around the SNP 's neck . 5/10 . Jim Murphy . Best bit : Vowed to fight to keep the Barnett Formula ` today , tomorrow and forever ' . Key clash : Took David Coburn to task for ` demonising ' immigrants in an explosive confrontation that left the UKIP leader in pieces . Worst bit : Forced to admit that a Labour government would make ` targeted ' cuts , less than 24 hours after he claimed the party may not make any spending cuts . Verdict : A commanding performance , forcing Nicola Sturgeon to sign up to massive budget cuts for Scotland . 8/10 . Willie Rennie . Best bit : Huge applause when he used self-deprecating humour to warn Nicola Sturgeon against ` breaking a promise ' that last year 's referendum was a ` once - in-a-generation ' vote . Key clash : Desperately tried to distance the LibDems from their coalition partners during exchanges with Ruth Davidson . Worst bit : Squirmed over the LibDems ' broken promise not to increase tuition fees south of the Border . Verdict : Came out fighting after failing to make any impact in Tuesday 's debate , and delivered the best joke of the night . 6/10 . Patrick Harvie . Best bit : Won applause for accusing UKIP of trying to ` cancel our membership of the civilised world ' . Key clash : Left looking foolish by presenter James Cook , when asked if opposing ` capitalism ' would be a ` red line ' for Green MPs . Worst bit : Telling an audience in Britain 's oil capital the country must ` minimise extraction ' of North Sea reserves , jeopardising thousands of local jobs . Verdict : David Coburn saved him from making the most ridiculous comments of the night , but his arguments were at the level of a sixth form school debate . 2/10 . David Coburn . Best bit : Claimed Scotland would have called in the International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- by now if there had been a Yes vote in the referendum . Key clash : Clashed with every leader and the audience , and most of civilised society . Worst bit : Nearly every time he spoke . Booed for blaming immigration for the rise food banks and claiming foreign aid mainly goes to ` dictators ' . Verdict : Arguably should have lost his job weeks ago when he compared a Muslim minister to Abu Hamza . Added nothing to the debate . 0/10 .