Momentarily , he looked his age . Having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin , Jordan Spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green . History was assured . He was n't going to three-putt from there , so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the Masters . He wanted it to be more than that , though . The best it could be . The exuberance of youth was kicking in . Spieth missed . For the first time around Augusta , he made a mild mis-step . He wheeled away , hopped a little , almost coltish in his frustration . He marched back to his ball , prepared to tap it in . Except it was n't a real tap-in . There was a bit still to do . And at that point , Spieth checked . He stepped away . He marked his ball . He let Henrik Stenson play . He did the sensible thing . Spieth always does the sensible thing . That is part of his wonder . Jordan Spieth walks off the 18th after carding a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 . Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes , matching the largest halfway lead in Masters history . Some might think that makes him boring . It does n't make him boring . To shoot 14 under , the lowest two-round score at Augusta , and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship , is n't boring . We may be watching a sporting phenomenon . A performance as breathtaking as Tiger Woods 's arrival in 1997 . There will come a time when such comparisons no longer seem like hyperbole . If Spieth repeats his achievement at the Hero World Challenge in Florida last year , perhaps , when he led from wire to wire and recorded a score of 26 under par . Those numbers are unlikely though . As the tournament committee set out ever more fiendish pin placements in the next two days to preserve the dignity of the famous greenery , his scores are bound to fall . Against that , it will be a lot harder to chase Spieth 's total than just maintain it . Modern courses have , of course , been Tiger-proofed before -- but in the short term Augusta may need to be Spieth-proofed , too , if his scoring stays stable . This was his sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par . He has been in the top three players in five of those six , too . ` I was a bit out of my comfort zone , at the moment on the 18th , ' Spieth confirmed . ` I was going to have to work around Henrik 's line -- and I just thought if I step away I am definitely going to make this putt , so that was the only way I could miss . ` I have to work to control those things the next two days . If I can shoot 14 under then a lot of other players could shoot 14 under , so I have to be ready for that and to match their scores now . The stress levels can get pretty high . Still , it 's pretty cool any time you can lead the Masters and to set a record is awesome . ' Spieth broke Raymond Floyd 's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke and blitzed the first 36 holes . At the age of 21 and playing in his second Masters , Spieth looks in complete control . Billy Horschel , Spieth 's playing partner , had wished for an imaginary tape recorder at the end of the first day . Horschel deadpanned that he needed a device that replayed the message ` Nice hole , Jordan ' as they stood on every tee . Nothing changed overnight . Many had Augusta pegged as the venue where Rory McIlroy would complete his personal grand slam in 2015 ; instead , this Masters may go down as the moment where he was placed in the threatening shadow of a young Texan gunslinger , now in the vanguard of an American revival . Up ahead of Spieth , Ernie Els laboured valiantly to stay in touch . It was a salutary reminder of the need for good timing in any sporting career . At the age of 25 , as McIlroy is now , Els won his first major , the 1994 US Open . He was considered capable of dominating the sport for the next decade , and he won it again in 1997 . By that time , however , a 21-year-old called Tiger Woods had announced his arrival at the 1997 Masters . The era of Els never materialised . McIlroy may have achieved more and younger than Els , and Spieth may not be the ice-cold winning machine Woods was at his age -- but he has done a damn good impression of one over the first two days . Already in the record books , Spieth has many more landmarks in sight these next two days . The record for birdies here stands at 25 from Phil Mickelson ; Spieth already has 15 . His course management was outstanding . Spieth took Augusta on , yet remained entirely in control . It helps that he is exceptional , yet strangely unspectacular . As Graeme McDowell pointed out recently there are better drivers , better chippers , better putters -- and the statistics bear this out -- but none who do all three as well as Spieth . He might not have the best game ; but he has the most complete . There were tiny aberrations -- he found the pine straw twice on the back nine -- but they were rare . Most of the time , he was consistency personified , picking out the best line , the best lie , the most advantageous position on the green . When he dallied with a bunker on the par-five eighth , his third shot was so perfect that he sunk a two-foot putt for birdie . Spieth made 15 birdies through two rounds as he blazed his way around the Augusta fairways and greens . The young Texan pumps a fist to celebrate a birdie on the 13th during his sensational round . ` That was special , even for you , ' said Horschel 's caddie Micah Fugitt . It was a masterful display , the work of a wise head not a callow college boy . It is n't just that Spieth does n't think like a 21-year-old . At the 15th , a par five and a good birdie opportunity , he sensibly laid up , and then made four . Even when he missed , he missed cute . He has absorbed a lot from his mentor Ben Crenshaw , a fellow Texan and Augusta expert . Asked about ` Ben 's advice ' on Thursday , Spieth sweetly replied : ` Do you mean Mr Crenshaw ? ' There was n't a hint of irony in his response . Had he stayed in school , he would be studying for his finals right now . Instead he is fast approaching £ 10m in career earnings and on the brink of a first major . The next Tiger ? That is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders . The idea that McIlroy is without a serious challenger has been truly debunked . When Spieth shot 63 to win the Australian Open at Royal Sydney , the conditions were windy and inhospitable . McIlroy said he could have played the course a hundred times in those circumstances and not made Spieth 's score . Geoff Ogilvy claimed it may well have been the finest 18 holes of golf seen in Australia . Where do Spieth 's first 36 holes stand in the annals at Augusta ? Ray Floyd played the previous best 36 holes -- 13 under par -- in 1976 . Spieth now has that record , as well as that of the youngest player to hold the 18-hole lead . Like McIlroy 's US Open victory at Congressional in 2011 this could see a grand rewriting of the record books . He has barely put a foot wrong . Nice hole , Jordan ? Seriously , dude , name one that was n't . Spieth recovers from among the trees at 13 , and his caddie Michael Greller has to hand it to him -LRB- below -RRB- .