Depraved Islamic State militants have deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in war-torn Syria . The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo even though the meat being was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption . The food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States - something ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat . Waste : The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo despite the meat being slaughtered according to Islamic law and perfectly fit for eat . Sick : One of the images released by ISIS shows a group of jihadis removing the boxes of chicken from the lorry and hurling them down the steep side of a road . The images of the chicken burning were released by the Islamic State 's official propaganda wing in Aleppo province , which the militants refer to by its ancient name , Halab . The photo shows a close up shot of the apparent label , which states the meat had been produced by an Illinois-based company and inspected by the U.S. food standard agency . Certified as Halal , meaning it has been slaughtered in accordance with Islamic Law , it is believed the meat was destined for the thousands of starving refugees in the city of Aleppo . Instead , the two lorries were stopped by ISIS ' religious police force - known as Al-Hesbah - at a checkpoint in Aleppo province , where the cargo was deemed unlawful . Product of the USA : This photo shows a close up shot of the apparent label , which states the meat had been produced by an Illinois-based company and inspected by the U.S. food standard agency . Ready to burn : This aerial photo then shows a vast pile of boxes and loose chickens at the bottom of the slope . One of the images released by ISIS shows a group of jihadis removing the boxes of chicken from the lorry and hurling them down the steep side of a road . An aerial photo then shows a vast pile of boxes and loose chickens at the bottom of the slope . The militants then set the meat alight and watch as hundreds of pounds worth of perfectly good food goes up in flames within sight of camps providing a home to thousands of starving refugees . The photographs of the appalling wastage were proudly published on ISIS social media accounts . According to the Syrian American Medical Society , around 650,000 Syrian civilians are living in heavily besieged communities in the country .