Damning footage has revealed the moment a Florida police officer shouted : ` Get on the f ****** ground or you 're dead , ' moments before he shot a mentally ill man as he was running away . The family of Lavall Hall , released the shocking video which calls into question the Miami Gardens police department 's account of the incident on February 15 . The clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic , who was black , on February 15 . The police department said the officers were forced to shoot because Hall ` attacked ' them with ` deadly force ' using the broom - but the video footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was fatally shot . Footage captured from within a police car at the scene show shell cases flying as police officer Eddie Trimino fatally shot schizophrenic 25-year-old Lavall Hall , who was black , outside his home in Miami Gardens . Attorneys for Hall 's family released the 19 minutes of dash-cam video yesterday afternoon at a press conference and claim it shows Hall was being chased by police before he was shot at five times . Hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier and was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother , Catherine Daniels , called police to take him to a mental health unit , reports Fusion . Hall 's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court in Miami against the city of Miami Gardens and the two police officers , Peter Ehrlich and Eddo Trimino . According to the complaint Ms Daniels had previously called police for help with her son , and the department was aware of his condition , alleging excessive use of force by police and wrongful death . An officer can be heard shouting ` Get on the f ****** ground or you 're dead ' on the police car footage . Hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a mental hospital just one week before the shooting . The footage shot from inside the car appears to show Hall running past the car with two officers in pursuit . ` Hall was unable to communicate , clearly did not understand what was going on , and was visibly scared , ' it said . Two of the five bullets fired hit Hall Miami Gardens police told reporters in the days after the incident - explaining that Hall had attacked officers with the broom . But Hall 's lawyers argue that the police used ` excessive force ' after he ran away from them . His lawyers said Hall was holding the broomstick and dressed only in his underpants but the video shows he can be seen running from the police . Ms Daniels said at a news conference yesterday : ` I never thought they -LSB- were -RSB- going to kill my child , murder my child , ' adding she was ` devastated ' when she first saw the video . Catherine Daniels , Lavall 's mother , is hugged by her cousin Alfonzo Hill at the news conference yesterday . ` He was standing outside just holding the broomstick in his hand , ' Daniels said . ` And I told him , ` Baby , come back inside , it 's cold . ' As the video played at the news conference , one of the attorneys for the family said Ms Daniels can be heard telling police before the shooting , ` Please do n't hurt my child , please ' ABC news reported . Her attorney added : ` The officers had made up their minds that they were going to kill Lavall before this incident took place . ' ` They killed him , murdered him , ' said Melissa Edwards , the mother of Hall 's daughter , at the news conference . An attorney for Eddo Trimino , the officer involved , told the Miami Herald the video indicated that the officer had shot out of fear . The lawyer for the officers argues they acted appropriately and claims Hall attacked them with deadly force . The video was released amid national protests over a series of deaths resulting from police use of force , most recently with another video showing a white South Carolina police officer shooting an apparently unarmed black man in the back . ` People are saddened and angered but also exasperated that we 're again seeing the devaluation of black lives on streets of the United States , ' said Muhammed Malik , organizer of the Miami Committee on State Violence . A spokesman for Florida State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle told ABC News that the investigation is ongoing but they have concerns the video may endanger the investigation . Oscar Marrero , attorney for the officers , told ABC News : ` The officers were faced with a dangerous situation . ` They have already given statements to investigators indicating Mr. Hall struck them with a weapon and deadly force was used . ` The reasonableness of a particular use of force must be judged from the perspective of a reasonable officer on the scene . The reliable evidence will establish Officers Trimino and Ehrlich acted appropriately . '