A crisp fan who gets through 42 bags in a week has discovered a skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in one of his packets . Barry Selby , 54 , who lives with his dog in Poole , Dorset , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery , which appears to be a profile of a human skull . The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet . Scroll down for video . Spooky find : Barry Selby was eating a bag of Tesco cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack . Mr Selby said : ` I was shocked when I found it . I was just eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps from Tesco and when I pulled it out it did take me back a bit . ` I thought it was worth keeping as I do n't think I will ever find one like it again . It must have been a very weird-shaped potato . ` It 's about two inches tall and two-and-a-half inches wide and it 's in perfect detail , it even has an eye socket . ` I sometimes give my dog , Max , crisps in a bowl , so it 's lucky he did n't have this packet or I would n't have found it . Weird snack : Mr Selby has decided to keep the unusual find , which appears to show a jaw , nose and eye . Comparison : The 54-year-old said he was ` shocked ' to make the discovery , although it is not his first . In the 1990s he came across a 3D heart-shaped crisp , which he kept until it broke . And it 's not the first odd-shaped snack he has come across - in the 1990s he found a crisp shaped like a 3D heart , which he kept for several years until it broke . But he says this find was different : ` This one was a big one . I just thought `` wow '' and wanted to share it . ` I 've been keeping it on top of my computer in the front room , but it should be in a protective box really . ` I 'm going to keep it forever , it 's just so spooky . I looked on the internet for other funny-shaped crisps but this is a one-off . '