When Asma Fahmi took her ill mother to a matinee screening of Les Miserables in Sydney , the last thing she expected was a violent racial attack on her and her family in broad daylight . This 34-year-old has spoken about the horrific attack by three men who pelted hard boiled eggs at them as they walked to their car in the late afternoon last Saturday . ` They were basically throwing missiles at us , ' Asma told Daily Mail Australia . Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony . The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads . Her mother suffers from Bells Palsy , among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition . ` She is also a full time carer for my grandma who has been in hospital for the past month , ' Asma said . ` She 's always looking after everyone else and is extremely selfless . ' Due to this , Asma and her sister believed that a day out at the theatre was exactly what their mother needed . After a seeing a matinee screening of Les Miserables in Haymarket and having a late Thai lunch , Asma and her family were walking to their car on the corner of Castlereagh and Goulburn street in the CBD when they heard yelling from an apartment overhead . ` There were three men and they were saying , ` You f *** ing Pakis , you f *** ing Pakis ' over and over , ' Asma said . She noticed that the men all had British accents and thought they must be British backpackers as the term ` Paki ' tends to be used as an insult in the United Kingdom . This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years . Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported . ` They were so ignorant they could n't even get their racism correct , ' Asma said . ` My sister and I started to cheekily dance to their chanting to show that it does n't really bother us . ' It was n't until hard boiled eggs began to rain down on their heads that she became seriously concerned . Asma 's immediate worry was for her sister 's brand new car , however that quickly changed when an egg flew centimetres from her head and she had to dive behind another car . ` They threw something else - it could have been a glass bottle - and it smashed into the car next to us and knocked off the side mirror , ' she said . ` We were certain these people were insane . ' Asma attempted to take a photo of the men but became too fearful of her safety and jumped in the car . ` This is downtown Sydney in broad daylight and it feels like a war zone , ' she said . Asma 's mother cried in the car on their way home as she believed she had brought bad luck by leaving the house . This is not the first racially based attack that Asma has experienced in Sydney . In 2012 on her way to work , a man put his leg between hers and forced her to the ground , spitting abuse at her while she lay on the pavement . Asma is pictured here with refugees in Jordan , she also volunteers at the Islamophobia Register Australia . Asma came to Australia when she was just four-years-old from Syria , and has lived here for most of her life . ` He spat his words out with so much anger and called me a ` f *** king terrorist , ' she said . ` The worst part was that there were so many witnesses who did nothing and did n't even ask me if I was ok . ' Asma walked into the state government building where she worked after the attack , with some of the witnesses even getting into the elevator with her while remaining silent . She came to Australia from Syria with her family when she was just four years old and has resided in Sydney for most of her life . She now volunteers at the Islamophobia Register Australia typing up incident reports and has found that a lot of the victims of racial abuse are women . She said that many of the victims have no faith in the legal system . ` People do n't really know what to do an what the next step is , ' she said . Although Asma had memorised the apartment the men were in and their general appearance , she has not yet heard back from the police . ` Unfortunately I had to go through a terrible experience but the well-wishers have reminded me there are more good people in the world than bad , ' she said .