A 1-year-old girl who was shot in the head in a drive-by shooting outside Seattle has died . A spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center says the girl was brain dead and care was withdrawn Saturday night . Police say Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent , Washington . Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off . Heartbreaking : Malijah Grant , 1 , was taken off life support on Saturday after she was shot in the head in a Thursday drive-by shooting outside Seattle . Authorities have said they do n't believe the shooting was random , though neither parent was injured , notes q13fox.com . Two male suspects are now being sought by police . The investigation is a ` top priority for the Kent Police Department and all of our available resources are being utilized towards this investigation , ' police said in a news release Friday night . ` This does not appear to be a random incident at this time and we continue to follow all leads that present themselves . ' This was a change from previous days when police had said the shooting came as a result of a road rage incident turned violent . Horrific : Malijah was sitting in the back of this silver Chevy Impala -LRB- left -RRB- with her parents up front when around 5 shots were fired Thursday afternoon . Heart-wrenching : Malijah 's relatives , including her aunt -LRB- right -RRB- , were heard sobbing and screaming , including one enraged woman -LRB- left -RRB- who cried out : ` I want revenge ! ' Police said the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver Chevy . Linda Johnston , who lives nearby , ran outside after she heard gunshots . ` I was sitting in my bedroom here and heard the shots . ` Bam , bam , bam , bam , bam , '' she told Seattle television station KOMO . ` The baby was on the ground , and other people were doing CPR on the baby , and the mother was in hysterics and the dad was in hysterics , too . ' Also seen in wrenching footage from the scene was one woman who was heard screaming ` I want revenge ! ' into a cellular phone . Not random : Police said the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver Chevy and initially believed it was a road rage incident gone wrong .