The ` battle of Holland ' was nothing short of sensational as Raymond van Barnevald defeated World No 1 Michael van Gerwen - earning the bragging rights and giving himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the showdown at the 02 Arena . Robin van Persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel TV and showed his support for his fellow Dutchmen on his Instagram page . The reigning Premier League Darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up , before Van Gerwen began to score high and leveled the legs up . Raymond van Barneveld was in formidable form as he won ` the battle of Holland ' against Michael van Gerwen . But Van Barneveld lived up to his legendary status , with scintillating finishing to ease past his Dutch counterpart , 7-3 , and end his previously unbeaten record . Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall and drawing with Stephen Bunting but the 16-time world champion will be disappointed he did n't finish off ` The Bullet ' - earning himself maximum points . The 54-year-old rampaged to victory over Chisnall , taking the contest , 7-3 , and recovering from back-to-back defeats in his two previous outings . Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show that he was watching his fellow Dutchmen go head-to-head . The Manchester United forward is currently out injured but looks set to leave Louis van Gaal 's side . Bunting and Taylor were involved in arguably the match of the night , with both men involved in a quite incredible ending , where they threw a sequence of wayward darts before Bunting hit double one and making sure he took home a point . Adrian Lewis won his third match on the bounce , beating Bunting , 7-2 , and condemning his opponent to a heavy defeat . ` Jackpot ' boosted his chances of making the knockout stage with a convincing victory as he proved why he 's still a player to fear in the Premier League . Phil Taylor will be disappointed he could n't finsh off Stephen Bunting considering the chances he had . Adrian Lewis showed that he should not yet be written off with an impressive win over Bunting . Gary Anderson produced a sterling fightback to earn himself a draw against James Wade - sending the Scottish crowd wild as he hit double 20 to level it at 6-6 . Wade had a number of chances to finish off the tie but was out of sorts in the final four legs , giving the ` Flying Scotsman ' a glimmer hope - and he made no mistake . Anderson 's point could be crucial - come the end of the competition - when the top four will meet to decide who will the Premier League 2015 champion . Gary Anderson fought back form 6-2 down to earn himself a valuable draw against James Wade in Aberdeen .