A cafe in the Philippines is serving up artistic cups of coffee for customers who enjoy their beverages tailor made . The owner of the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele , even detailing local favourite , boxer Manny Pacquiao . Graphic artist Zach Yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces which can leave happy memories for tourists . Zach Yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces . And the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate . The service started out as a simple novelty when the owner began etching rabbits , which coincide with the cafe 's theme , into cups of coffee . But the idea quickly expanded when customers started asking for more intricate and complicated designs . This means tourists to the area can leave with a special memento from their time that they can show off to family and friends alike . Captured in the short video , the cafe 's owner Mr Yonzon can be seen etching the face of the much-loved Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao , into a cup of coffee . The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate . The graphic artist etches customised caricatures into coffee froth for guests at no extra cost . He says : ` They 've never seen anything like that . The most that they 've ever seen is a leaf or a heart , and that already makes them happy , but I want to go one step further . ` I want to go one step further and give them a picture of their baby , their boyfriend , or their favourite cartoon character . If that makes them happy , that makes them smile , that 's cool . ' According to the Mr Yonzon , the biggest challenge he faces is to get the picture etched into the froth before it dissolves and the coffee turns cold . But he claims that his art can be done with almost any type of coffee drink and that the final product will depend on the thickness of the beverage and the amount of froth that tops it . Mr Yonzon etches the face of the much-loved Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao into a cup of coffee . The service started when the owner began etching rabbits , which coincide with the cafe 's theme , into cups of coffee . Angie Yu , a customers who requested to have the face of her child in her coffee , said : ` I 'm actually amazed because it 's not often , you usually see the hearts . ` You 'll see the normal , simple decorations , but you wo n't see art in the coffee . ' Mr Yonzon has now started offering small workshops at night for those who wish to learn his craft as the cafe 's popularity has continued to grow . Abi Radilla , a college student who enrolled at Yonzon 's workshop , said : ` My parents love to drink coffee , so maybe I can do latte art whenever they drink . ' Mr Yonzon plans on expanding his special service , and hopes to soon be able to produce three dimensional caricatures . The graphic designer claims that his art can be created with almost any type of coffee drink . Mr Yonzon has now started offering small workshops at night for those who wish to learn his craft .