A 19-year-old woman is wanted by police after video appeared online this week , showing the teenager hitting and running over a rival with her car in a ruthless street fight . Grand Rapids , Michigan Police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight , but as of Thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman . And this is n't the first time that Smith-Walker has been accused of wreaking havoc with her car . In December , she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting . Scroll down for video . Shocking : Grand Rapids , Michigan woman Jalin Smith-Walker is wanted by police after video -LRB- left -RRB- emerged this week , showing her run over a rival in a street fight . The 19-year-old pictured on the right in a mugshot from a prior arrest . Monday evening 's incident was captured on video by a bystander who uploaded the shocking clip to the website World Star Hip Hop . It shows Smith-Walker and the victim , an unidentified fellow 19-year-old , throwing up fists in the middle of a street in Muskegon , Michigan - coaxed on by a small crowd surrounding them . The fight starts off with a few punches , and moves to the two girls brawling on a car . When friends try to intervene , others tell them to give the girls space so they can continue fighting it out . Punches thrown : A bystander recorded this video of the fight between Smith-Walker -LRB- right -RRB- and an unidentified 19-year-old opponent that happened in a street of Muskegon , Michigan Monday evening . Breaking it up : The fight starts off with a few thrown punches . Eventually the two girls break up and Smith-Walker is seen getting into a nearby car -LRB- right -RRB- . Unfair fight : That 's when her rival grabs what looks to be a log and throws it at Smith-Walker 's windshield . Painful : In a heartless response , Smith-Walker pulls her vehicle forward and plows over her opponent lying in the street . Horrified : The crowd that had gathered to watch the fight shriek in horror as they witness the painful incident . Lucky : Warrant out for her arrest : The clip ends with Smith-Walker speeding off , leaving her opponent behind in utter shock . The victim was treated for a leg injury at the hospital and has since been released . Eventually the two part , and Smith-Walker is seen getting in her gray car across the street . That 's when her victim grabs what looks to be a log and throws it on Smith-Walker 's windshield as she is backing out of her parking spot . Bystanders emit loud shrieks as Smith-Walker is then seen speeding forward with her car , knocking the victim onto the asphalt and running her over before speeding down the street . The clips ends with the victim in dumbstruck horror , helpless on the street as bystanders rush to her aid . Repeat offender ? This is n't the first time Smith-Walker has had a run-in with the law regarding her car . In December she was arrested for dragging a mall security officer several feet when he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting from the denim store Buckle . Smith-Walker pictured above in photos posted to her Facebook . The unidentified victim was treated for a leg injury at the hospital and has since been released to recover at home . Following the incident , Grand Rapids Police issued an arrest warrant for Smith-Walker on a charge of intent to do bodily harm less than murder . As of Thursday morning , Grand Rapids Sgt Terry Dixon told Daily Mail Online they are still attempting to locate the suspect . Police are n't sure what sparked the fight , but say it appears the two girls involved used to be friends . ` It ultimately ended with blows being thrown , ' Sgt Dixon told MLive . ` It 's very unfortunate . ' This is apparently the second arrest for Smith-Walker in recent months for a crime involving her car . Wanted : In this series of photos posted to her Facebook , Smith-Walker poses in front of a car that looks similar to the vehicle captured in this week 's horrifying video . Police have a warrant out for her arrest on a charge of intent to do bodily harm less than murder . MLive reports that on December 30 , Smith-Walker dragged a Lakes Mall security guard several feet after he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting . Smith-Walker and alleged co-conspirator Minnie Andrea Johnson , 20 , were leaving the mall after shopping at Buckle denim store when a security guard tried to stop the two in the parking lot as they were getting into their car . Smith-Walker was driving and Johnson was in the driver 's side back seat . Authorities say Johnson shut her door on the guard 's left arm as he tried to reach inside the vehicle and Smith-Walker started driving as he was still connected to the car . The guard eventually freed his arm and the young women were arrested not far away from the shopping center . They were charged with unarmed robbery . The guard in that incident sustained minor injuries but did not need to be treated at the hospital .