Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years , so it 's safe to say he 's witnessed his fair share of blockbusters . Confessing himself as a ` chief witness ' of football it 's no surprise , then , that when asked to pick a favourite he is able to pluck one game in particular from his encyclopaedic memory . ` I 've been very lucky to cover so many great games but I do usually plump for this same one , ' Tyler reminisced with Sky Sports . ` Liverpool 4 , Newcastle 3 . ' Stan Collymore -LRB- third left -RRB- smashes home Liverpool 's fourth past Newcastle goalkeeper Pavel Srnicek . He is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at Anfield on April , 1996 , which saw the two Premier League hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders Manchester United . ` Everybody remembers Newcastle going for -LSB- the league title -RSB- but Liverpool were in the mix as well ; and maybe they looked too much at each other because neither of them won it in the end . ' Despite Sir Alex Ferguson 's Manchester United finishing top of the pile at the end of the season , the game still firmly holds a place in Tyler 's personal archive . Robbie Fowler -LRB- second right -RRB- rises above John Beresford to head home the opener for Liverpool . Fowler 's early goal began the seven goal spectacle that Martin Tyler classed as his favourite game . David Ginola -LRB- right -RRB- keeps calm under the pressure of Jason McAteer to slot home Newcastle 's second . Les Ferdinand -LRB- left -RRB- scored the Magpies ' first goal and congratulates Ginola after putting them ahead . ` I think if you take all the elements of why we all love football they all happened in this particular game . ' With Liverpool 's potent striker Robbie Fowler breaking the deadlock on the bobbly Anfield pitch after just two minutes , the outlook looked bleak for Newcastle that evening . However , when Magpies striker Les Ferdinand levelled on ten minutes it began a ferocious exchange between the two sides that few could forget . Strikes from Newcastle 's David Ginola and Faustino Asprilla either side of another from Fowler continued the goalfest and when Liverpool 's Stan Collymore drew both sides level with just over 20 minutes remaining the game was balanced on a knife edge . Faustino Asprilla -LRB- left -RRB- salutes the crowd after scoring Newcastle 's third in the classic match at Anfield . Stan Collymore -LRB- second right -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after all but sealing the win for the home side . Collymore celebrates the win after scoring twice against Newcastle on that memorable afternoon . In the dying embers of the match , Collymore latched on to a ball from John Barnes two minutes into injury time to score the seventh goal of the game ; and Tyler still remembers the moment the Kop went wild . ` I get goosebumps every time I hear it because it was such a special time . ` Poor Kevin Keegan slumped over the advertising hoardings at the end is one of the iconic shots of the game , perhaps the iconic shot . ` Whatever makes us so addicted to football it was the drug . '