Unruly hair is making my life a misery . What really works on frizzy hair like mine ? Deborah , 43 , Lanarkshire . Deborah described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare ' . Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . She is not alone . Taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle . ` My hair can look amazing if a professional hairstylist blow-dries it , ' says Deborah . ` If I am doing it , however , it 's a challenge because it 's so hard to control and so quick to go frizzy . Scroll down for video . Deborah before -LRB- l -RRB- and after -LRB- r -RRB- the The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment . ` I lead a busy life and would love my hair to be more manageable , so how can I tame the frizz and reduce the time it takes to get ready ? ' THE EXPERT : We sent Deborah to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment . While it 's certainly an investment -LRB- prices start at £ 195 -RRB- , it promises frizz-free hair for up to four months - so no wonder it has been hailed a miracle cure by beauty experts . First , stylist Taylor gave Deborah a trim , thinning out the volume and cutting in some layers . Then a thick , yellow-white solution was combed along the length of each strand of hair . It contains molecules of nano-molecular keratin to penetrate deep within each strand , creating long-lasting results . Finally , her hair was blow-dried . THE VERDICT : ` I love my new look , ' says Deborah . ` The coarse texture has gone and my hair has never felt so smooth ! ' Even after washing and drying her hair at home , she was delighted with her new , sleek style . The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £ 250 -LRB- including a cut and blowdry , or from £ 195 without -RRB- at Taylor Ferguson , Bath Street , Glasgow -LRB- 0141 332 0397 ; taylorferguson.com -RRB- . Pureology Colour Fanatic . Frizz-beaters to use at home . Top of the list has to be John Frieda Frizz-Ease Forever Smooth Anti-Frizz Primer -LRB- £ 9.99 , Boots -RRB- . Humidity resistant , it fights frizz instantly . Plus , with continued use , hair will become smoother . Dove Pure Care Oil Restorative Treatment For Mature Hair -LRB- £ 9.99 , Boots -RRB- calms frizz by hydrating and nourishing hair , leaving it feeling softer and more manageable without heaviness . Pureology Colour Fanatic -LRB- £ 16.90 , feelunique.com -RRB- is a multi-tasking hair repair spray . With 21 benefits , including reducing static , controlling frizz , preventing split ends and conditioning , it 's great for improving the health and condition of hair . Oribe Split End Seal -LRB- £ 42 , Space NK -RRB- is formulated for coloured hair that 's frizzy and unmanageable . It promises to repair up to 94 per cent of split ends after just one use , reduce hair breakage by up to 64 per cent and prevent colour fading . Treats to make your Monday marvellous . He-Shi Overnight Ageless Tanning Balm -LRB- £ 22.50 , Debenhams -RRB- . Anything that promises you will wake up looking younger and with a tan sounds almost too good to be true . Apply this balm to clean , dry skin , without moisturising first . The anti-ageing effect comes from the texture that smoothes wrinkles . One coat produced a healthy glow , without marking the sheets , and I was able to skip foundation for two days . We have come a long way since the days of classic perfume bottles . The latest novelty bottle of scent comes from Jeremy Scott for Adidas Originals -LRB- £ 75 , selfridges.co.uk -RRB- . The bottle , in the shape of an Adidas training shoe with angel wings , is filled with rose , bergamot , incense and white pepper . As there are just 10,000 bottles , it 's well worth picking up . He-Shi Overnight Ageless Tanning Balm -LRB- l -RRB- and Jeremy Scott for Adidas Originals scent -LRB- r -RRB- . Unsung hero . Nivea In-Shower Q10 Firming Body Moisturiser -LRB- £ 5.10 , nationwide -RRB- . Who remembers to apply body lotion every day ? Apparently , only 30 per cent of us manage it , which is why I love the idea of something you can use in the shower . It 's a bit like using hair conditioner , but for the skin . Bargain buy . Lacura Eye Shadow Box -LRB- £ 3.99 , Aldi , from April 19 -RRB- . comes in four tones to suit your colouring . The shadows are pigmented and it comes with a handy double-ended mini brush . Also worth checking out are the bargain mascaras , £ 2.39 each . Elsa 's pick . The No7 Early Defence range launches today and will replace the No7 Protect & Perfect Day , Night and Eye creams , though Protect & Perfect Serum will still be available . The range is aimed at younger women who want to delay the signs of ageing -LRB- from £ 13.50 , Boots -RRB- . No7 Early Defence -LRB- l -RRB- and Lacura Eye Shadow Box -LRB- r -RRB- .