She 's got the designer threads , a sparkling mini Mercedes car and a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers and she 's not even two-years-old . Millie-Belle Diamond , the proud owner of Louis Vuitton and Chanel purses and pint-sized Burberry jackets , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online . The mum , from Warriewood , in northern Sydney , originally set up an Instagram account for Millie-Belle when she was two months old so that their family in WA and Queensland could see her grow . Scroll down for video . Smiler : Millie-Belle Diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers . Mini-celebrity : In one photo -LRB- right -RRB- Millie-Belle is seen dressed in a pink tutu and top sent to her by the Kardashian family clothing line Kardashian Kids . On her first birthday , Millie-Belle smiled with her designer purse next to her fancy dolls . ` Thank you so much for all the #milliebellediamond #firstbirthday love from all around the world ... We are off for lunch , ' her mum said . Baller : The toddler from Sydney 's northern beaches is seen here ` looking gangsta in her new ride ' a Mercedes Benz toy car . After the blue-eyed baby started gaining fans , fashion labels and children 's brands began gifting Millie-Belle with their latest products and she started earning up to $ 250 per post for wearing their garbs in the pictures . Ms Fox told the Manly Daily newspaper Millie-Belle 's account rocketed in popularity in July last year when a picture of the little girl wearing a leopard-print bow was shared by @FashionKids - an Instagram account with three million fans . ` It went around the world . That photo is still being reposted today . She 's the most followed baby under two in the world on Instagram , ' Ms Fox said . Lots of love : On Valentine 's day , Millie-Belle 's mum wrote : ` How can you not LOVE this little cutie ' Designer wardrobe : ` Finally sorting Mbds shoes and handbags ... I 've run out of room and had to house them in the draws below , ' her mum Schye Fox wrote . Famous friends : In this pic Millie-Belle is seen with X Factor judge and singer Nat Bassingthwaighte during a photo shoot . Cute as a button : Millie-Belle models her black and gold bow headpiece from her autumn/winter collection of clothing . ` She 's just like her mummy ... Does n't like getting her hands dirty , ' Ms Fox posted alongside this photo . Big smiles : At Easter time Millie-Belle posed in this cute white bunny outfit . ' #happyeaster from our big bunny , ' Ms Fox wrote . Gold pants : ` This dino jumper might b a bit big for mbd but we had to have it !!! Can you see why !!! , ' her mum asked . Millie-Belle 's mum styles her outfits and then simply snaps the photos with her iPhone and shares them on Instagram , often with a caption explaining what the 14-month-old tot has been up to . In a recent photo , taken just four days ago , Millie-Belle is pictured in black Converse sneakers , a black tutu and bobble hat , with a denim jacket . She 's staring inquisitively at a piece of toy bacon as she sits in the sand . Ms Fox wrote : ` She 's just like her mummy ... Does n't like getting her hands dirty . ' The button-nosed toddler , who is regularly offered modelling jobs , now holds the title of the world 's most famous baby under two on Instagram with hordes of fans in China , the Middle East and Turkey . ` Seriously ... . She 's just the funniest ' : Her mum said as Millie-Belle posed in a ` part time model ' t-shirt . ` Oh hey , I totally found this sugar free milkshake , you should try it sometime , ' her mum joked Millie-Belle said as she held a phone while posing in a stripy pink outfit . ` When ur a big girl now and u can stand for ur photos -LRB- working on the look at camera and do n't run away thing and we may be holding some wooden meat but it 's a start , ' Ms Fox laughed at these photos of Millie-Belle . ` I did n't do it , it was n't me ' : In this cheeky photo Millie-Belle is caught red-handed with her mum 's lipstick . ` Little #beachbaby at 7 am this morning . . She 's not a fan of getting her hands dirty normal , ' Ms Fox wrote on the beach photo -LRB- left -RRB- . And on the right , Millie-Belle is ready to shop with her Louis Vuitton purse . Ms Fox shared a photo of Millie-Belle in her bedroom after she left her for five minutes to take a phone call . ` How does a 14 month old cause so much mess in such a short time , ' she asked in amusement .