Steve Peters , the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars , will play a key role in keeping troubled England batsman Jonathan Trott focused in the Caribbean . Trott has made a nightmare return to the Test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the Ashes tour -- falling cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua and finding his ` on the move ' batting technique under strong scrutiny . It is understood that Trott is having regular Skype sessions with Peters from the team hotel , and he credits the psychiatrist with helping him overcome his mental health issues to win his Test place back . Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket with some poor performances in the first Test . But the double failure will be a big challenge for Trott , with Peters 's assistance , to continue ` to keep a proper prospective on life and cricket ' which he said he was doing before the Test , rather than having ` unrealistic expectations about his batting , ' which he had in Australia . Peters , whose other clients include the England football team , Liverpool , British Cycling and snooker 's Ronnie O'Sullivan , will no doubt be telling Trott to manage his inner chimp -- the part of the brain that runs on emotions and gut instincts in contrast to the rational , evidence-based part . Despite his success with multi-Olympic champions Sir Chris Hoy and Victoria Pendleton , Peters did n't do anything to improve England during their dismal 2014 football World Cup but is still involved on an ad hoc basis . Steve Peters -LRB- right -RRB- worked with the England football team during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . The England team under Peter Moores have a more relaxed attitude towards the players ' use of social media than previous regimes . All-rounder Ben Stokes took to Twitter , after taking a wicket with a no-ball in the West Indies first innings , to comment : ` Tweets about the no-ball flooding in , so tomorrow I wo n't try , bowl four feet behind the line and bowl 70 mph ... then you 're all happy ' . Despite the provocative tweet , for which he later apologised , the England camp had no complaint . Instead they were pleased that one of the players had showed some character . England batsman Ben Stokes plays a sweeping shot during day four of the first Test in Antigua . Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove 's biggest ambition in cricket is to see an Ashes Test match at his beloved Ageas Bowl ground , which he was mainly responsible for building and funding . However , it will be 2023 at the earliest before Bransgrove has a chance of fulfilling his dream . And ironically ECB representative Bransgrove has been watching the first Test in Antigua alongside former ECB chairman David Morgan , highly influential in Hampshire rivals Glamorgan hosting Ashes games in 2009 and 2015 . And since Bransgrove was one of Giles Clarke 's major opponents during his autocratic ECB reign , that did n't help Hampshire 's chances either . Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove -LRB- left -RRB- wants to see an Ashes Test match at the Ageas Bowl ground . Peter Salmon , director of BBC England , made a surprise appearance in the Test Match Special booth at the Sir Vivian Richards stadium . However , Salmon had not flown out to the Caribbean at licence fee payers ' expense , just to check whether Joe Wilson 's hard-working BBC sports team were giving value for money . He happened to be on holiday in Antigua . SIR VIV : THIS IS SURREAL . Coming across Sir Vivian Richards , King of Antigua , having a moment alone surveying the Test match scene , Sports Agenda asked him what it was like , watching cricket at a ground named after you and where your statue stands . ` It 's surreal , ' said Richards . ` You have to pinch yourself . ' The striking Richards statue , by acclaimed Cuban sculptor Andres Gonzalez , was funded by Fidel Castro 's Cuban government to mark 20 years of diplomatic accord between the two islands . Meanwhile , England 's intense batting coach Mark Ramprakash is taking a surprising interest in Cuban politics . He tweeted : ` Glad the US has finally taken Cuba off the terror list and relations between the two countries are improving . ' Ex-England Rugby 2015 chief executive Debbie Jevans attended Thursday 's Football League board meeting . Debbie Jevans , the former England Rugby 2015 chief executive whose falling out with the RFU led to her walking out on her job -- six months before the World Cup -- has made her first public appearance since that Twickenham storm . She attended Thursday 's Football League board meeting in her role as an independent director and played a full part in the discussions .