Mila Kunis is being sued by a Ukrainian wannabe singer who claims the Hollywood actress ` stole her pet chicken ' as children . Kristina Karo alleges that she was a classmate of Ms Kunis , 31 , who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991 , and that the pair were ` inseparable ' growing up . Karo , now living in Los Angeles , claims a seven-year-old Ms Kunis had been ` envious ' of her pet hen , and that 25 years ago , she stole it from her . Bizzare lawsuit : Wannabe singer Kristina Karo claims the theft of her pet chicken as a child in Ukraine traumatised her , and is now suing ` thief ' Mila Kunis for $ 5,000 . In her lawsuit , Karo states that Ms Kunis would come over to the chicken farm in north-west Ukraine where she lived , and play with the hen , called ` Doggie ' , TMZ reports . She alleges that when ` Doggie ' disappeared , Ms Kunis confessed to the crime and told her ` Kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' , the website states . Karo , who has moved to Los Angeles in the hopes of launching a career as a singer , says the theft of her pet chicken traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist . She claims that being in close proximity to Ms Kunis , who lives in Hollywood with partner Ashton Kutcher and daughter Wyatt , has ` brought back all the bad memories ' and she now needs therapy again . Bad memories : The reason for the lawsuit 25 years after the ` theft ' is that moving to LA , which is where Kunis also lives , has brought back memories of losing ` Doggie ' for Karo and forced her back into therapy . Not a bad egg : Mila Kunis , seen here with partner Ashton Kutcher in Los Angeles , is being accused of chicken theft despite growing up more than 100miles from Karo . In her suit , Karo alleges that when ` Doggie ' disappeared , Kunis confessed to the crime and told her ` Kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Karo , whose song Give Me Green Card has more than 70,000 views on YouTube , is suing the actress Kunis for $ 5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills . She also claims the theft of ` Doggie ' 25 years ago has ` prevented her from pursuing the American dream ' , according to TMZ . Interestingly enough , Karo 's self-penned online bio describes her as being ` born and raised in the small village Berezhnytsia ' , which is a three hour drive - and more than 100miles away - from Chernivtsi , where Mila Kunis lived before moving to the U.S. aged seven . Wannabe : ` Singer ' Kristina Karo says she and Kunis were inseparable in first grade , but that the actress was jealous of her pet chicken ` Doggie ' and stole the hen .