James McClean 's reaction said it all . As Scott Carson 's long , hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play , the talented winger spun in disgust , shook his head and threw open his arms . Wigan are better than this , and they know it . They were 2-1 down at that point , two moments of genius from Ross McCormack and Matt Smith the difference . They rallied to come away from Fulham with a point - it was a night in which new manager Gary Caldwell certainly saw enough to build on - but all at the club know their stay in the Championship is unlikely to be extended beyond May . It is an infuriating situation , the damage inflicted by an ultimately doomed appointment of Malky Mackay incurable this season . Fulham captain Scott Parker -LRB- right -RRB- is hassled for the ball by Wigan 's Gaetan Bong -LRB- left -RRB- at Craven Cottage . Fulham striker Ross McCormack lets fly with a shot to score his side 's opening goal against Wigan on Friday . The ever industrious Parker -LRB- left -RRB- dribbles away from the challenge of Wigan 's Kim Bo-Kyung -LRB- right -RRB- . Wigan winger Jermaine Pennant -LRB- left -RRB- scores a stunning free-kick to level the scores 1-1 against Fulham . FULHAM -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Bettinelli , Grimmer , Turner , Burn , Husband , Hoogland , Tunnicliffe , Parker , Kavanagh -LRB- Ruiz 73 -RRB- , Smith -LRB- Woodrow 63 -RRB- McCormack -LRB- Stafylidis 94 -RRB- . Subs not used : Kiraly , Hutchinson , Kacaniklic , Rodallega . Booked : Burn , Kavanagh . Scorers : McCormack 4 , Smith 35 . WIGAN -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- : Carson , Boyce -LRB- McCann 70 -RRB- , Maguire , Pearce , Bong , Kvist , Perch , Pennant -LRB- Murphy 84 -RRB- , McClean , Kim Bo-kyung , Fortune -LRB- Waghorn 57 -RRB- . Subs not used : Mckay , Ojo , Barnett , Al Habsi . Scorers : Pennant 22 , Pearce 69 . Referee : Mick Russell . Attendance : 15,994 . Caldwell must hope he has the character to build next year if they do fail to perform the improbable and remain in this division . Seven points is now the difference , Wigan having played at least a game more than their rivals with just four games to play . Their band of supporters in one corner of Craven Cottage recognise this is not the fault of Caldwell and are actually excited about what the future may hold . No Malky , no problem . But as McClean 's annoyance indicates , they are all too aware that this impending relegation should not have been allowed to happen . The frustration is that their squad is more than capable of challenging under the right guidance , but probably wo n't have the opportunity to do so . Wigan showed guts and dug in for Caldwell , whose more patient style in possession was referenced by the Latics ' official Twitter account midway through this . It felt like a sly dig to his predecessor . Matt Smith scores Fulham 's second goal to restore their lead against Wigan at Carven Cottage on Friday . Smith slides to his knees as he celebrates putting the home side back in front in the Championship match . And to come from behind twice shows qualities they just did not possess under Mackay . Caldwell , a rugged central defender , will be unhappy with the ease with which McCormack opened the scoring after just four minutes ; Harry Maguire 's header was a poor one , straight into the path of Sean Kavanagh , who fed the Scot and he was afforded the time to pick a spot and curl beyond Scott Carson . In a game lacking genuine chances , there were then two moments of real class . Firstly Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan , bending a wicked 25-yard free-kick away from the despairing Marcus Bettinelli . He ran the full length of the pitch to celebrate in front of the travelling hundreds . Wigan utility player James Perch -LRB- left -RRB- jumps for the ball and is challenged by Fulham 's Sean Kavanagh -LRB- right -RRB- . But anything the winger could do , lanky Smith would match . Fulham 's target man - again in too much space - looked up from the same distance and marvellously clipped over Carson to net just his third goal for the club since a summer move from Leeds . Those flashes from the front two rather masked what was a disjointed display by the Cottagers , still smarting from their derby humiliation against Brentford last week . Fans were furious at Kit Symons ' lack of tactical imagination , further compounded when Jason Pearce gambled at the back post to equalise for the visitors in the 69th minute . Smith had been taken off six minutes previously to a chorus of boos and chants of ` you do n't know what you 're doing ' rained down on Symons . The same when McCormack was hooked for defender Kostas Stafylidis . Much like against Brentford , Fulham 's paying customers did not shirk away from telling him exactly what they thought . These are testing times for Symons , whose relationship with the fans is at its lowest ebb since he took over earlier this season . How he must 've prayed Scott Parker did n't fluff his lines in stoppage time . Compare that to Wigan who , even though they will almost definitely join Blackpool in League One , are pulling in the same direction . Their new chairman David Sharpe , grandson of Dave Whelan , spoke of a long-term vision on appointing Caldwell on Tuesday , and that is something which has galvanised the place . Had Pennant 's late header not been superbly blocked by Dan Burn , the talk might have been of an unlikeliest of survival miracles . Wigan 's Jason Pearce -LRB- right -RRB- is congratulated by Pennant -LRB- left -RRB- as he scores the second equaliser for his side .