A three-year-old boy has been accused of killing his mother by pushing her down a lift shaft in China by one of their neighbours . Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in her apartment block in Ningbo City in China . Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son , The People 's Daily Online reported . Xie Hong Feng , pictured , died after falling down five floors through a lift shaft . Her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her by the property 's manager - but there is no CCTV evidence of the accident . CCTV image inside the lift shows Ms Xie with her three-year-old son . She dropped her keys in the gap between the elevator and the fourth floor , and went to the property manager for help retrieving them . The drama started when Ms Xie , in her mid-forties , went to Yang with her child for help after she dropped her key down the gap between the lift and the fourth floor , where she lived . All three got the lift to the fifth floor , and Yang , 52 , pressed the button for the sixth floor . According to police statements , Yang said she used the triangular lock necessary to open the lift doors and told Ms Xie to be careful as she looked for her keys because it was very dark . When Ms Xie did not reply , Yang asked her son ` Where is your mother ? ' He answered ` Pushed down ! ' , and Yang called the police . There is no CCTV outside the elevator , and police say Yang 's statement is the only evidence . Ms Xie 's husband was on a business trip when the tragic accident occurred , and one of Ms Xie 's male relatives said they are not convinced that the child pushed his mother into the shaft . Property manager Yang said Ms Xie 's three-year-old son pushed her down lift shaft to her death . Investigators have brought into question why she had the authority to open the lift doors and whether she acted properly . A lift maintenance engineer claimed that property manager Yang acted illegally by opening the lift doors manually . The relatives of victim Ms Xie said they are not convinced her son pushed and killed his mother . Yang told reporters outside her home : ` She -LSB- Ms Xie -RSB- told me that she dropped her keys in the gap . I said I will help her get it . ` The lift doors open when we were on the fifth floor and then the child pushed his mother down to the shaft . ' The administration of work safety of Ningbo City was called in to help police investigate the cause of the accident , and they have already ruled out a malfunction of the lift . Officers are questioning why , if Ms Xie dropped her keys on the fourth floor , the group travelled to the fifth floor . Questions have also been raised over whether property staff have the authority to open the lift doors , and officers are looking at whether Yang was properly qualified to handle the lifts . Chen Zhewei , the Ningbo City Yinzhou property manager , told reporters from The People 's Daily Online that because of a lack of lift maintenance companies 10 years ago , some residential areas decided to train their staff on the use of elevators so they could deal with emergency situations . Nowadays the majority of lift maintenance and safety is outsourced to specialist companies . The fact that Yang opened the lift doors with a triangular lock is illegal , a lift maintenance engineer added , and there are very strict procedures that should be adhered to when manually opening a lift doors . These include turning off the electricity supply to the lift and keeping the triangular lock in a secure place .