Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has moved to deny rumours he is about to leave the Santiago Bernabeu this summer , telling the Spanish media he sees himself remaining in charge of the 10-time European champions next year . Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League amid growing pressure on Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini , but the former Chelsea boss said he expects to be in the Spanish capital for at least another year . The 55-year-old added in AS that he believes goalkeeper Iker Casillas will also be staying put , extending his 25-year affiliation with the club . AS report Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti will remain in charge at the Santiago Bernabeu next season . MARCA lead with the headline ` High Risk ' , as La Liga 's top four sides Barcelona , Real , Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday . Ancelotti 's side , who will be without Karim Benzema , have ` no margin for error ' tonight when they face Malaga at home , four hours after leaders Barcelona have played Valencia in Catalonia . Catalan daily SPORT reports that Luis Enrique has called on the home supporters to make the Camp Nou ` tremble ' , calling on the ` total support ' of the locals ahead of the crucial fixture . Marca bills Saturday 's La Liga matches as ` High Risk ' , while SPORT lead on the role of the Camp Nou crowd . Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid 's match against Malaga this evening through a knee injury . In Italy , Tuttosport lead with Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri telling his players : ` Let 's get rid of the ghosts ' . Serie A leaders Juve suffered a shock 1-0 defeat to Parma last weekend , and Allegri has warned his stars not to gamble with their season . Juventus play Lazio tonight , and Allegri believes now is the time ` to finish the Scudetto issue ' . The Turin daily also makes reference to Carlos Tevez 's reported move back to Boca Juniors edging closer , with Gonzalo Higuain and Edinson Cavani lined up as potential replacements . La Gazzetta dello Sport claim that Juve must decide whether to solely pursue Cavani , or ` double up ' their interest with an approach for Palermo 's Paulo Dybala . Tuttosport build up to Juventus ' clash with Lazio , while La Gazzetta dello Sport link Edinson Cavani with Juve . ` Olympique sink ' is the headline of French daily L'Equipe , after Marseille lost 1-0 at Nantes to all but end any faint hopes of Marcelo Bielsa 's side winning the Ligue 1 title , while in Portugal , Record lead with Benfica manager Jorge Jesus 's claim that the race for the league title is at a pivotal stage . Benfica are three points ahead a second-placed Porto going into the weekend 's set of fixtures , with the two sides set to face each other at the Estadio da Luz in Lisbon next week . L'Equipe report that Marseille sunk to defeat in Nantes , while Record look at the race for the Portuguese title .