Inter Milan target Yaya Toure has admitted that he is open to ` new challenges ' and will not remain at Manchester City just to pick up his £ 220,000-a-week wages . The Premier League champions want to reshape their squad this summer after a disappointing season and they could look to offload the 31-year-old , who has struggled to hit top form . Toure , who is wanted by his former manager Roberto Mancini , appears open to a move away from the Etihad if the right opportunity presents itself at the end of the season . Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City this summer . Toure is challenged by West Ham 's Mark Noble during City 's 2-0 win at the Etihad on Sunday afternoon . Toure celebrates with Sergio Aguero and Jesus Navas after the Argentine 's goal against West Ham . Speaking to Foot Mercato , he said : ` No amount of wages will make me stay at a club if I feel that I no longer belong there or if no challenge exists for me . ` It would be unjust on my part . There comes a moment where numbers do n't stop us , it goes beyond that , even if the English press seem more interested in the numbers than the sport itself . ` For the future , I do n't know more than you do , because I will always go where I am offered new challenges . That is in my nature . ` When I arrived at City , -LSB- Manuel -RSB- Pellegrini was not the coach . Just like the players , managers arrive and leave . As I have said before , I owe it to the City fans to fight until the end of my career at this club . ` My decisions will not be affected by changes in management , but more by the challenges that will be offered to me . ' City find themselves fourth in the Premier League table after a dismal run of form and out of the Champions League after a two-legged defeat by Barcelona at the last 16 stage . Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season after managing him at City . Toure 's form has been disappointing this season and City are likely to try and sell him this summer . Whether Manuel Pellegrini remains manager or is sacked this summer will not affect Toure 's decision . Some of Toure 's performances have been heavily criticised but the Ivorian remains defiant . ` When things are not necessarily going well in a club , the key players take the fall , ' he added . ` I am not the only one to have been attacked even if there is tendency to be harsher with me . Football is my passion , my job and that gives me two good reasons to do as well as I can . '