A Florida couple locked two of their children in a closet for days on end , forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school , according to authorities . Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel , both 44 from Riviera Beach , also allegedly never took either of the children , a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl , to a doctor or dentist . A 26-year-old relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the 17 - and 12-year-old were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment , the Sun Sentinel reported . The conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street . Arrested : Sabrina Golden-Hazel , left , and Quincy Hazel , right , have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet and forced to sleep on the floor . When a 19-year-old woman took him in , he told her he was too scared to go home , she told authorities . Speaking to investigators , the teenager said that the couple started locking him and the girl in the closet when they were young and they would spend days on end trapped inside . They were never sure how much time had passed because they could not see sunlight from inside the closet , the boy said . After the girl pretended to be dead a few years ago , Golden-Hazel allowed them to sleep on the floor of a bedroom rather than in the closet , the 26-year-old relative told authorities . When they were let out , the boy was so hungry that he would eat trash , which sometimes made him sick , and he had to endure beatings at the hands of Hazel , he told investigators . Scene : The children , who lived at this home , picked food out of the trash to eat , they told investigators . Locked up : The couple had other children but allegedly only subjected the two children to the treatment . Investigators noticed that he had teeth missing and he said he would often cry at night because of the pain in his mouth - but that he was never once taken to a dentist . Hazel told detectives that he never noticed the children had any health problems , while Golden-Hazel said she had n't taken them to the dentists or doctors because they had refused to go . She also accused the children of making up the stories and told investigators she home schooled the children - but police did not find any books in the house . They couple have each been charged with two counts of child neglect with great bodily harm and are now locked up the Palm Beach County Jail on $ 100,000 bail .