Meet Allie Davis , a woman so obsessed with Beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer , along with questions about other pop stars , in order to stay with her . Yesterday , Allie , 21 , based in Minneapolis , delivered her beau the ten-question document , which she dubbed ` The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test ' , and informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent ` to stay in the relationship ' . She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent , for diligently answering questions mainly about Beyonce 's songs . Prove it : Allie Davis , 21 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- is so obsessed with Beyonce that yesterday she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her . Passed : She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter -LRB- pictured -RRB- , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent . After a series of questions about Beyonce 's songs , and those of other artists , Allie demands : ` Briefly explain the Solange Knowles elevator incident . Who was involved ? ' Allie 's very obedient boyfriend scrawled in response : ` A billion dollars , and Jay Z got punched . ' This question referred to last year 's legendary family fracas at New York 's Met Gala , when Beyonce 's sister Solange Knowles viciously attacked Beyonce 's husband Jay Z following a heated row . Beyonce , 33 , later mysteriously sang in her Flawless remix with fellow songstress Nicki Minaj : ` Of course sometimes s ** t goes down when there 's a billion dollars on an elevator . ' After a series of questions about Beyonce 's songs , and those of other artists , Allie demands , ` Briefly explain the Solange Knowles elevator incident . Who was involved ? ' Allie also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars , One Direction included . Allie 's Twitter bio reads ` I met Beyonce -LSB- left -RSB- at Top Shop and life will never be the same ' , and the young blonde also appears to be quite the fan of One Direction 's Harry Styles -LRB- right -RRB- . Allie - whose Twitter bio reads ` I met Beyonce at Top Shop and life will never be the same ' - also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars , One Direction included . Asked to list the first names of three members of the British boy band , Allie 's boyfriend incorrectly answered with ` Harry ' and ` Zack ' - to which Allie wrote on the sheet of paper : ` WTF No . ' He did manage to get the last question on the exam right , however , by correctly identifying that ` no ' , Harry Styles should not cut his hair . Allie , whose Twitter handle is ` Yonce ' , later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000 + followers for them to partake themselves , ` to make sure that they 're in the right relationship . ' Sharing is caring : Allie , whose Twitter handle is ` Yonce ' , later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000 + followers for them to partake themselves -LRB- pictured -RRB- , ` to make sure that they 're in the right relationship ' At least one commentator took the stunt very seriously , writing on Buzzfeed : ` Dump her ass ... this is a HUGE warning sign . -LSB- Do n't -RSB- put up with this kind of deluded psycho act . ' Allie then explained in her defence : ` It literally took five minutes to write and I did it because I was bored and I like to mess with my boyfriend . ' She later added : ` When some people call you nuts and psychotic because of a funny Beyonce joke #lightenup ' .