John Carver has insisted he is enjoying the task of trying to turn Newcastle 's season around despite all appearances . The 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing Alan Pardew as head coach at St James ' Park until at least the end of the season . Pardew 's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions to date and has seen his side lose their last five Barclays Premier League fixtures , a run which has allowed the chasing pack to close and threaten to drag the club into a shock relegation fight . John Carver says that he 's enjoying his role at Newcastle and believes he 's getting the best out of the players . That , coupled with fury over owner Mike Ashley 's recruitment policy , has sparked calls for a mass boycott of Sunday 's home clash with Tottenham , but Carver remains upbeat . He said with a smile : ` I 'm enjoying it - you might think it 's strange to say that . ` The hardest thing is to pick yourself up after a defeat because you take it personally . But we are professionals and have to get on with it . I 'm quite a positive guy inside my head and I know I can do the job . I just need the tools . ` We 've had setbacks , but you have got to deal with setbacks . It would be interesting to see if any manger or head coach had had this sort of situation in their career . It has been difficult , the facts are there . Newcastle have won just two games under Carver and fans are desperate for him not to be named manager . ` But I 'm not a moaner and not making excuses . It 's a test of management how you deal with it . I think I 'm getting the best out of the group of players we have . ' Carver 's final comment may cause more than a few raised eyebrows with Manchester United , Everton , Arsenal , Sunderland and Liverpool each having emerged from their recent meetings with Newcastle having banked three points . Injuries and ill-discipline - Papiss Cisse and Moussa Sissoko are currently serving bans while skipper Fabricio Coloccini is available at the weekend after having to sit out the last three games - have severely depleted a team which has been marooned on 35 points since the victory over Aston Villa on February 28 . Carver said : ` You ca n't afford to ease off in the Premier League . This is a difficult league and it 's difficult to win matches . You can win five in a row , lose five in a row - and we have to stop that . ' Moussa Sissoko will be missing for the Tottenham game after getting sent off against Liverpool .