Lauren Crawley was given a new platinum implant . Facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly . Lauren Crawley , 54 , a housewife from Kings Langley , Hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again , as she tells THEA JOURDAN . THE PATIENT . A few years ago I started losing my sense of balance and developed tinnitus - my GP referred me for scans which showed I had a large but benign brain tumour behind my left ear . Surgery was the only option . Thankfully the operation , in July 2012 , was a success . But my facial nerve , which was wrapped around the tumour , was damaged . I 'd been warned that facial palsy could be a side-effect , but it was still a shock seeing my face in the mirror - the left side was droopy . Apparently , it 's the same thing that can happen after a stroke . I felt very self-conscious , but the problems were n't just aesthetic . I 'd lost the hearing in my left ear as well as my sense of taste , and my mouth became dry . Eating and speaking were difficult - and , worst of all , my left eye was permanently open and I could n't even blink with it . To close it , I had to push the upper lid down with my hand . The eye itself was dry and painful . To sleep , I had to seal it closed with tape . I 'd been told that about half those with the condition do improve , so I was hopeful . I tried lots of things to improve the muscle tone , including facial massages , taught by a physiotherapist . I also had electric impulse therapy to shock the muscles back to life . But nothing worked . It was very stressful - I stopped socialising as much , in case people stared . After a year , it was clear the nerve would never work again so I was referred to Raman Malhotra , a plastic surgeon at the facial palsy clinic at the Queen Victoria Hospital . He explained he could put a special platinum chain into my eyelid which would weigh it down and help it close by itself - I 'd be able to open the eye easily because the muscle controlling this was n't affected . Apparently , surgeons used to use gold , but platinum is better because it does n't irritate the eye 's inside lining . It is also more dense than gold , so you need only a thin chain , which meant people would barely see the implant through my eyelid . I had the operation under sedation and local anaesthetic in February last year . Surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it . My eye was wide open as they injected anaesthetic into my eyelid and the skin around my eye , then made lots of tiny stitches into my eyelid to hold the chain in place . It was strange watching it all but did n't hurt . I went home that day , and the difference was immediately obvious . The eye gently shut , and stayed shut , of its own accord . I could go to sleep without needing tape . I ca n't feel the implant , no one can see it , and I can blink normally . The procedure has made me look more normal - people do n't stare as much . It 's really boosted my confidence . THE SURGEON . Raman Malhotra is a consultant oculoplastic surgeon at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead . Around 100,000 people in Britain have facial palsy . It can be caused by a stroke , if the stroke affects the area of the brain that sends signals to the facial nerve . It can also be a result of traumatic injury , damage after surgery , or simply because of a virus damaging the facial nerve - this happens in Bell 's palsy , which affects more than 28,000 people a year . Facial palsy affects not just appearance , but lots of functions , too . The facial nerve - which rises from the bottom of the brain on both sides , then sends branches across the face - controls the tongue 's taste buds , for instance , and the salivary glands , so patients may suffer from dry mouth . Most also have difficulty blinking , because the nerve controls the muscle that makes the eye blink shut . However , it does not control the levator muscle , which holds it open . While many patients will recover , with symptoms easing within eight weeks , Lauren 's facial nerve was too damaged to regain function . When she first saw me , her left eye was wide and staring because the lower lid was also pulled down and sideways . This can cause all sorts of problems , from dryness to injury . Five years ago , I would have recommended a gold implant - in the shape of a very thin bar - fitted under the eyelid to allow her to close the lid . The extra weight makes the eyelid heavier , so it closes automatically when the levator muscle relaxes . This procedure is used widely across the NHS . But I now believe platinum is much better . It 's 10 per cent more dense than gold , so you can make the implant thinner without losing weight . Platinum is also inert - gold will cause reactions , such as irritation and inflammation , in about 5 per cent of people . The left side of her face was droopy - until now . I helped design a special system of individual links of platinum which we can join together with nylon to create a chain of the desired length and weight . For Lauren , I used three links weighing 0.4 g each . This is much easier than stitching in a single bar of metal and then finding that it is too heavy or light . This way , we can easily add or remove a link . In 2013 , we carried out a study at Queen Victoria Hospital , using platinum chain implants on 18 patients . Only two needed adjustments and 80 per cent said that they hardly noticed the implant , compared with just 20 per cent of patients who had a gold implant -LRB- the study will be published in the British Journal of Ophthalmology -RRB- . First , we anaesthetised the skin around Lauren 's eye . Then , on a workbench , I linked the correct number of platinum links to form the weight I required -LRB- I 'd previously done a trial run , sticking temporary weights to the outside of her eyelids to check the weight -RRB- . I made an incision across the outside of her eyelid , where it makes a natural crease , making sure not to cut through to the eyeball . I placed the links inside this incision , above the eyeball , stitching the chain in place from the outside in , before closing the incision . These nylon stitches stay in place for several years before being reabsorbed by the body . By then , the links will be embedded in surrounding tissue . When the chain was in place , and the eye was open , it sat above the eyeball so it did not come into direct contact with that delicate part of the eye . Even when the eye is shut , the implant does n't touch the cornea . When Lauren wanted to blink , her brain switched off the levator muscle , which keeps the eyelid wide open . The corresponding muscle , the orbicularis occuli muscle , which should pull the eyelid down , does not work in Lauren 's case because it is controlled by the facial nerve . The percentage of stroke patients who are affected by facial weakness . However , the new chain meant that the eyelid was sufficiently heavy to fall , thanks to gravity . Although it was n't a perfect solution - at first , Lauren 's eye closed more slowly than a fully functioning eyelid - at least she could blink again . Over time , the blinking gets better as muscle tone improves . Risks include infection and bleeding , but these are rare . I hope the implant will last Lauren a lifetime and that platinum implants will become the treatment of choice . ANY DRAWBACKS ? ` Gold upper eyelid implants have been used for decades for facial palsy , ' says Saj Ataullah , a consultant oculoplastic surgeon at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital . ` Platinum is more expensive , but seems to be better since it is inert and does not cause reactions . And as the implants are less bulky , it 's also superior cosmetically . ` This chain segment innovation seems to work well . Any procedure can result in post-operative problems , but these appear to be rare . ` Longer-term follow-up is needed before we can conclude that chain-link implants are truly superior to other platinum weights , such as bars . But they are promising so far . ' The operation costs around £ 3,000 privately . The NHS does not automatically fund it .