Raffaele Sollecito has been pictured going on a lingerie shopping spree - two weeks after he was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher . The Italian , who spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of the murder of Surrey-born Meredith , 21 , in 2007 , is said to be looking at compensation . The 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking through the lingerie section of a shop in Rome , Italy - days after he was seen looking at a £ 105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city . Scroll down for video . Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher . The 31-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- was out about in the Italian capital Rome with a blonde companion browsing through the underwear section of a shop . Mr Sollecito and his former lover , American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years and saw them both serve four years in prison . He later described the ruling as an ` end to the nightmare ' telling a press conference that he needed ` time to heal ' and ` time to breathe this fresh air ' . Both Knox and Sollecito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . Mr Sollecito -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his former lover , American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years . Out and about : Raffaele Sollecito 's shopping trip comes a week after he was seen looking at a £ 100,000 BMW at a dealership in Rome . Both Knox and Sollecito -LRB- right -RRB- are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . While no figures have been revealed , compensation for such cases regularly run into seven figure sums . Sollecito 's lawyer Giulia Bongiorno revealed her client would wait for Italy 's top court to give the reasoning behind the acquittal , expected later this year , before taking a decision . Knox 's lawyer , confirmed Miss Knox will ` be seeking compensation for wrongful imprisonment , ' according to The Telegraph . Arline Kercher , Meredith 's mother , described the acquittal ruling as ` odd ' . Raffaele Sollecito -LRB- pictured left with a blonde companion -RRB- described his acquittal last month as an ` end to the nightmare ' The 31-year-old told a press conference last month that he needed ` time to heal ' and ` time to breathe this fresh air ' Raffaele Sollecito is pictured with a companion leaving a clothes shop in the Italian capital , Rome . She said : ' -LRB- I am -RRB- a bit surprised , and very shocked , but that is about it at the moment . They have been convicted twice so it 's a bit odd that it should change now . ' Her daughter , who was 21 and from Coulsdon , Surrey , was sexually assaulted and stabbed to death in her bedroom in 2007 while studying in Perugia , Italy . Seattle-born Miss Knox , 27 , who was Ms Kercher 's flat-mate , and Mr Sollecito , spent four years in jail for the murder but were acquitted on appeal in 2011 . But Italy 's highest court last month overturned the 2014 convictions and declined to order another trial . Raffaele Sollecito -LRB- right -RRB- flanked by his lawyer Giulia Bongiorno , talks to the media during a press conference in Rome . He described the ruling as an ` end to the nightmare ' Amanda Knox -LRB- pictured -RRB- vowed to return to Italy just two days after being cleared of murdering British student Meredith Kercher . Mererith Kercher -LRB- pictured -RRB- from Coulsdon , Surrey , was sexually assaulted and stabbed to death in her bedroom in 2007 while studying in Perugia , Italy . The decision by the Supreme Court of Cassation is the final ruling in the seven-year case and definitively ends the gruelling legal battle . The pair always maintained their innocence . Both Sollecito and Knox were imprisoned shortly after Kercher 's body was discovered with 47 separate wounds on November 1 , 2007 . They were originally convicted of murder and sexual assault in December 2009 and sentenced to 26 and 25 years in jail respectively . After they served four years in prison a court in Perugia threw out their convictions and declared them innocent . A view of the house where British student Kercher was killed . It is understood Knox will go back to Italy to write a book about the country 's legal system . Knox and Sollecito were pictured embracing as police searched the house immediately after Kercher 's death . Knox returned to the US before another U-turn in the sensational case in January last year when a court in Florence reinstated the original 2009 conviction and increased Knox 's sentence to 28-and-a-half years . Judge Gennaro Marasca read the decision to finally acquit the pair in late March after a judicial body had deliberated for ten hours . Rudy Guede is now the only person to be successfully convicted of the murder . The unemployed basketball player was found guilty in October 2008 and was convicted to 16 years after his footprints were discovered in Kercher 's blood . The court will publish its reasons for last month 's decision within 90 days .