Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Burnley 's home clash with Arsenal ... Burnley vs Arsenal -LRB- Turf Moor -RRB- . Team news . Burnley . Burnley midfielder Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against Arsenal on Saturday . Midfielder Dean Marney and defender Kevin Long -LRB- both cruciate ligament -RRB- remain on the long-term absentee list . Matt Taylor -LRB- left -RRB- attempts to track Chelsea 's Eden Hazard in the sides ' opening game of the season . Taylor has n't featured for the Clarets since August due to a long term achilles injury . However , winger Ross Wallace -LRB- knee -RRB- and right-back Steven Reid -LRB- calf -RRB- could return for the Barclays Premier League contest . Provisional squad : Heaton , Gilks , Mee , Duff , Shackell , Keane , Reid , Ward , Trippier , Barnes , Wallace , Arfield , Jones , Taylor , Boyd , Kightly , Vokes , Jutkiewicz , Ings , Sordell . Arsenal . Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny -LRB- groin -RRB- and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny -LRB- rib -RRB- face fitness tests ahead of Saturday 's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley . Midfielders Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention following injury lay-offs , as is France defender Mathieu Debuchy . England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -LRB- groin -RRB- continues his rehabilitation . Laurent Koscielny is hoping to pass a fitness test and feature in the Gunners defence at Burnley . Provisional squad : Ospina , Monreal , Mertesacker , Gabriel , Bellerin , Coquelin , Cazorla , Ozil , Sanchez , Ramsey , Giroud , Szczesny , Walcott , Rosicky , Welbeck , Chambers , Gibbs , Flamini , Koscielny , Wilshere , Arteta , Diaby , Debuchy . Kick-off : Saturday , 5.30 pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Burnley 11/2 . Draw 13/5 . Arsenal 4/7 . Referee : Mike Dean . Managers : Sean Dyche -LRB- Burnley -RRB- , Arsene Wenger -LRB- Arsenal -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Burnley wins 30 , draws 20 , Arsenal wins 39 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Burnley have let in 10 goals in their last four matches against Arsenal in all competitions -LRB- average of 2.5 per game -RRB- . Arsenal have won each of their last seven Premier League games , the best current run in the division . No side has won eight in a row at any point this season . Arsenal have exactly the same record after 31 games as they did last season -LRB- W19 D6 L6 -RRB- . Santi Cazorla should make his 100th Premier League appearance in this game , while Aaron Ramsey could clock up 150 . There have been fewer goals in the final 15 minutes at Turf Moor this season -LRB- 3 -RRB- than any other Premier League ground . Burnley 's Graham Alexander cancels out a Cesc Fabregas strike from the penalty spot which helped the Clarets towards a 1-1 draw when they last faced the Gunners at Turf Moor in December 2009 . Danny Ings has scored -LRB- 9 -RRB- or assisted -LRB- 4 -RRB- half of Burnley 's 26 goals this season . Olivier Giroud has scored 10 goals in his last 10 matches for Arsenal in all competitions . Giroud is the first player to score in six consecutive PL appearances for Arsenal since Emmanuel Adebayor in 2008 . No side have scored more set piece goals than Arsenal in the Premier League this term -LRB- 20 -RRB- . Mesut Ozil has scored or assisted seven goals in his last eight PL games -LRB- three goals , four assists -RRB- .