A bride-to-be was left fighting for her life when her lung collapsed after she had been taking the contraceptive pill . Emma Dickson , of Edinburgh , thought she would be planning her wedding to her fiance Dougie , 26 , but ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital and told she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs . The 31-year-old had two blood clots in her lungs , which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married . Doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill . Mrs Dickson developed blood clots , which can be caused by the synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill , that then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism . It left her with bruises on her arms -LRB- right -RRB- . Emma Dickson was meant to be planning her wedding but ended up thinking about her funeral after she was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung , which developed from complications caused by the contraceptive pill . Mrs Dickson , a care home nurse , felt certain she was going to die . There was also a risk the clot could have moved to her brain , causing a stroke . She eventually recovered in hospital but will now have to take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life which have caused her hair to fall out and severe headaches . It is also uncertain whether she will be able to have children . ` I was just really horrified . It surprised me how quickly everything went downhill , ' she said . ` You just never think it 's going to happen to you . You take the pill to help you , to keep you responsible . ` You never imagine you 're going to end up with a collapsed lung and planning your funeral . ` On the leaflet that comes with the pills it says that one in 1,000 women experience problems with clotting . I never considered the risks . I think I was just unlucky . ` I 'd been taking a popular brand of the pill for over a decade with no side effects . It was difficult getting my head round the idea my pill might be to blame . ' Mrs Dickson was taken to Causeway Hospital , Coleraine , Northern Ireland , after she experienced sharp pains on November 2 last year . After a CT scan , doctors told her she had two blood clots in her left lung - known as pulmonary embolisms - and that the clots had developed after she had been taking the contraceptive pill . The pill can increase the risk of blood clotting because it contains a synthetic version of oestrogen which can very slightly thicken the blood , leading to clots . Mrs Dickson 's blood clots had developed in her pelvis , moved around her body , and had then become wedged in the lungs . These clots then led to a pleural effusion , a condition which causes fluid to accumulate between the lungs and chest wall . The two pulmonary embolisms became lodged in Ms Dickson 's lungs , causing a condition known as pleural effusion which leads to fluid accumulating around the lung and can make them collapse . Mrs Dickson was in a wheelchair after she was discharged from hospital and now must take blood thinning drugs for the rest of her life to reduce the risk of further clots developing . As this fluid collected , Mrs Dickson 's left lung then collapsed . There was also a risk the clots could have travelled to her brain , causing a stroke . She was given a lot of strong painkillers , antibiotics , oxygen and blood-thinning medication to dissolve the clots . Surgeons eventually managed to re-inflate Mrs Dickson 's collapsed lung and nurse her back to recovery . She said : ` The reason that I did not go into hospital at first was that I was embarrassed . I did n't think it was anything serious . ` If the clots had reached my brain , I could have had a stroke and could have died . Mrs Dickson is pictured with her husband Dougie when she was discharged from hospital in Ireland . A month after being discharged from hospital Mrs Dickson was finally able to plan her wedding . The couple are pictured on their wedding day in Edinburgh after Mrs Dickson was released from hospital . ` All my plans of a beautiful wedding suddenly seemed so trivial , and I was actually thinking of what I wanted to happen at my funeral . I text Dougie to say I loved him because I genuinely thought I was n't going to make it . It was a horrible conversation to have . ` We were not sure whether we would be able to celebrate our wedding or plan a funeral . We did not know what was going to happen . ' One month after she was admitted Ms Dickson managed to have her dream wedding . The pill can raise blood pressure . At first taking the combined oral contraceptive pill can cause headaches , nausea and mood swings . Although the risk of stroke in young women is generally low , pregnancy and contraceptive pills are both significant stroke risk factors , according to the Stroke Association . The combined pill is made up of a particular type of oestrogen and progesterone , called progestogen . Oestrogen can make the blood more likely to clot - causing deep vein thrombosis -LRB- in the leg -RRB- , as well as clots in the lungs or brain , causing a stroke . It has been linked to thrombosis and breast cancer . Research has suggested there is a slightly higher chance of being diagnosed with breast cancer , but this risk level is returned to normal after 10 years . But her recovery has come with consequences , as she has to inject herself with a special blood-thinning medicine just to keep her alive . Ms Dickson had been taking the pill Clairette for three years and is now no longer allowed to use it as she can not take anything with oestrogen in it , as it is ` too risky ' . One in 1,000 women who regularly take the pill are at risk of developing clots . Ms Dickson added : ` The blood-thinning medication I am now on causes severe headaches , nose bleeds , hair loss , nausea and extreme fatigue . ` If I want to have a family , I will have to switch medication and inject myself on a daily basis , because my current medication can cause birth defects . ' She has taken no action with the regards to the pills , as the Clairette brand has stated potential risks in the leaflet . She added : ` The risks are in the leaflet . It 's just a remote possibility . There is nothing wrong with the pill . I just did not think it would affect me . '