Modern humans have developed a reputation for being somewhat destructive and keen to separate themselves from the rest of the animal kingdom . However , a recent excavation of a cave in the foothills of the Pyrenees Mountains in Spain is suggesting our ancient cousins , the Neanderthals , were more in tune with nature . Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes , near Senterada in Catalonia , around 200,000 years ago but were not alone . The fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside Neanderthal camps . The remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there . While some of the bones may have been brought there by the Neanderthals themselves , it seems they were also sharing the cave with these other predators . Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests particularly indicate that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there . Neanderthals , shown in the artist 's impression above , may have lived alongside predators in a cave in Spain . Researchers found several cave bear fossils , similar to the one above , along with scratches on the walls and signs of hibernation nests that suggest they were living in the cave alongside Neanderthals 200,000 years ago . It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with . ` The excavations have documented regular visits by groups Neanderthals , probably related to hunting animals living around the cave . ' The researchers discovered large numbers of stone tools made by Neanderthals and evidence of camps that were made close to the entrance of the cave . They also found the fossilised bones of Bonal tahr -- a species of wild sheep that became extinct in western Europe 100,000 years ago -- which appear to have been hunted by the Neanderthals . The researchers also found traces of other ungulates including deer , rhinos and megaloceros - a giant species of deer that is now extinct . Neanderthals first emerged around 280,000 years ago , spreading to inhabit much of Europe and parts of Asia , but they eventually died out 40,000 years ago . The reason for their demise was often put down to being a more primative species of human that was unable to compete against the more sophisticated Homo sapiens . They were depicted as thuggish cavemen that scraped an existence on the cold lands of ice age Europe . However , a series of discoveries are now putting Neanderthals into a new light . Stone tools discovered at sites they inhabited suggest they were skilled tool makers with adept hand eye coordination . A 60,000-year-old multi-purpose bone tool unearthed in France also suggests Neanderthals understood how to use bones to make useful devices . A recent discovery by researchers at the Muséum National d'Histories Naturelle in Paris suggests that Neanderthals may have built homes using the materials they found around them . They discovered a 26 feet wide building created 44,000 years ago from mammoth bones . Many of the bones had also been decorated carvings and ochre pigments . Cross-hatched engravings found inside Gorham 's Cave in Gibraltar are also thought to be the first known examples of Neanderthal rock art . DNA analysis has also shown that Neanderthals carried the same genes that are thought to have enabled modern humans to speak . Eight talons found at a 130,000 year old Neanderthal site in Krapina in Croatia are also thought to be the world 's first jewellery , and may have been worn as a necklace . Recent research has also suggested that Neanderthals may also have used herbs to flavour their food . Neanderthals , like the one above , may well have been the world 's first gourmet chefs and made jewellery .