Amir Khan has gone face to face with Adrien Broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion . Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently , with British rival Kell Brook set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year . Amir Khan appears on the screen as Adrien Broner urges him to make their fight happen on FaceTime . Broner says , ` Let 's get this money ' , in the short video of their conversation posted on Instagram . Khan has n't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December and has struggled to find an opponent . Broner has been relentless in his calling out of Khan since his comfortable win over John Molina Jr . But in the shorter term , the Bolton fighter has held talks with American Broner , who tweeted a video of himself and Khan talking via video . He included the hashtag #BronervsKhan . In the video , Broner tells Khan : ` Hey , tell them to make the fight , man , let 's get this money . ' It 's by no means certain that the fight will go ahead , with Broner seemingly more keen than Khan . However , the Brit has previously encouraged talk of a bout against a man whose brash manner has made him a big draw in his homeland . Khan is targeting a fight at the end of May before breaking for Ramadan in mid-June , with a distant hope of facing the winner of Floyd Mayweather 's May 2 showdown with Manny Pacquiao . Brook remains the money-spinning fight on the agenda , with Khan having said on Tuesday that he wants to fight the IBF welterweight world champion at Wembley within 12 months . Broner posts a cheeky artist 's impression of what he believes would happen should he fight Khan . Khan has said he would love to fight Broner in lieu of not being able to get in the ring with Floyd Mayweather . Khan says he has given his word to his next opponent and will be making an announcement ` very soon ' Brook was due to fight in July but revealed he has brought forward his plans following his demolition of Jo Jo Dan last Saturday . He said : ` I have told Eddie Hearn to get me out as soon as possible and I want to fight twice before the end of the summer , starting at the end of May . '