A mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next . Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola , now three months old . Like most first-time mums , Chloe and husband David , had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital . Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley -LRB- left , with Lola and right with Lola and husband David -RRB- came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant . Tech-savvy mum Chloe , who designed the new app , with baby Lola , now three months . Chloe said : ` I had absolutely no idea what to do - I was forever turning to Google to find out information , and some of the things I found were n't right . ' She also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature . The mum-of-one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . The app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . The app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . The mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . Users say they like it because it contains all the information in one easily-accessible place . Chloe , 27 , said : ` I wanted every single piece of advice in one app . ` It prepares women for birth and labour , goes through all of the pain relief you can have and then teaches them how to look after babies after birth . ' As well as breastfeeding the app covers important issues such as colic , and constipation , as well as post-natal depression and how to perform CPR in an emergency . It also contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast they fed their child with last . Dave Owens with Chloe 's bump baby during her pregnancy with Lola . Chloe 's specially-designed app helps breastfeeding mothers remember which breast to use . Mum-of-one Chloe Owens -LRB- pictured with daughter Lola -RRB- came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant , because she had no idea what to expect . Feeding from the correct breast is important so the baby has a constant supply of hindmilk , the creamier milk which takes longer to produce . App users can also share their own tips and secrets . One online reviewer wrote : ` This is just what I 've been looking for - whoever designed this is a hero . ` I am so tired I keep forgetting what I need to do , so this is so helpful . ' . Chloe says : ` I 'd never made an app before , and never really spent much time on computers . ' But it took Chloe just eight weeks to teach herself app development and she then managed to get her app accepted onto the Windows , Android and Apple stores . The app , which went live on Android on March 10 , costs £ 1.99 . Chloe -LRB- pictured with newborn Lola , left , and at three months , right -RRB- struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding .