Protecting the FA Cup prize money is the biggest reason the FA is prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines . The proposed £ 30million , three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup , revealed by Sports Agenda , gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world 's most famous club knockout tournament . The figures range from £ 1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £ 1.8 million either Aston Villa or Arsenal -- on a par with the Wimbledon singles champions -- will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30 . Aston Villa will face the holders Arsenal in this season 's final at Wembley Stadium . Should Arsenal repeat their 2014 FA Cup triumph , they stand to pocket £ 1.8 million in prize money . The numbers will not register for Premier League clubs awash with TV money but £ 18,000 for winning a first-round Cup match would make a lot of difference to a non-League club . And the FA Cup fund -- like the FA Trophy and Vase budget -- was very likely to be raided before the Emirates deal to fund the £ 30m-a-year priorities of FA chairman Greg Dyke 's England Commission which centre on coaches and facilities that have seen all FA departments asked to make 15 per cent cuts . FA chairman Greg Dyke 's England Commission is focusing on coaches and facilities . Frank Arnesen , the original technical director in the Premier League , was one of the delegates at the first sporting directors summit -- co-founders include Joe Royle 's son Darren -- held at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester on Wednesday . And Arnesen , who worked in the role at Tottenham and Chelsea , believes the position is now an integral part of a modern football club provided the owner agrees . While at Chelsea , Arnesen tried to sign three Leeds youngsters resulting in chairman Ken Bates making an official complaint about an illegal approach . Chelsea paid £ 5m in compensation . Ironically , one of that trio , Danny Rose , who decided to stay at Elland Road at the time , is now in the England squad . Arnesen said : ` I 'm delighted for Danny . He was a real talent from the start . ' Tottenham defender Danny Rose -LRB- right -RRB- competes for possession with Manchester United 's Juan Mata . Sky staff have no doubts the £ 4.2 billion spend on Premier League rights is responsible for the latest huge cost-cutting exercise -- an ` Agility and Flexibility ' strategy delivered to 600 production services personnel this week that is expected to result in at least 70 redundancies . Operations director Darren Long , now nicknamed David Brent for the way he delivered news of job losses dressed up as changes in working patterns , was heckled for refusing to take questions . Sky say this planning started long before the PL tender . Meanwhile , those heading for Sky 's exit door after the consultation exercise will be delighted to know mediocre £ 4m-a-year pundit Thierry Henry paid for his private jet flight to the Sunderland v Newcastle match out of his own pocket . Sky pundit Thierry Henry -LRB- centre -RRB- paid for his own private jet to the recent Sunderland vs Newcastle derby . The fallout from the Emirates FA Cup deal included former Minister for Sport Richard Caborn labelling the deal ` commercialism gone mad ' . This is the same out -- of-touch Caborn who failed in a bid to become FA chairman and is still disliked by FA councillors after telling blazers they were ` not fit for purpose ' . However , even FA diehards including the traditionalist who told broadcasters there would never be a 5.30 pm Cup final kick-off while he had ` a hole in his a *** ' , accept sponsorships are critical for FA finances . Former Minister for Sport Richard Caborn has branded the FA Cup Emirates deal ` commercialism gone mad ' GILES CAN TAKE TOP JOB . Ashley Giles hardly merits a mention for the England director of cricket role for which former captain Andrew Strauss is front-runner . But Giles is the most qualified after stints as an England coach and director of cricket for Lancashire , while he is also halfway through the part-time two-year Masters of Sport Directors degree at University of Manchester . Also part of the audience at the directors ' summit was former England team director Andy Flower , who is now happy to stay in the background running the cricket academy at Loughborough . David Sharpe , 23-year-old Wigan chairman and grandson of Dave Whelan , loves to socialise with the team , especially manager Gary Caldwell . But the pair 's celebration night out in Manchester bar Panacea after Caldwell 's first win as boss against Brighton on April 18 was somewhat premature . A week later they lost at home to Wolves and on Tuesday were relegated to League One .