Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium - as a tactic to help them next season . The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand . Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd . Bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium . Premier League rules state clubs must give the away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation . Bournemouth officials are considering doubling the South Stand from its current 2,500 seats to 5,000 , taking the whole capacity to just less than 15,000 . However , Premier League regulations state that clubs must provide at least 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters . This would mean that , should Bournemouth press ahead with the expansion , away fans might then have to be positioned behind one of the goals - against Howe 's wishes . Last year , the possibility of increasing the stadium to 18,000 by filling in all four corners was discussed , but the logistics of that make it unlikely . Just to expand the South Stand would cost the club £ 1.8 million and , over the course of a season , they would only accrue £ 900,000 in ticket sales . Any construction would , therefore , be for the benefit of fans as opposed to any financial advantage . Manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal . With a capacity of 12,000 Bournemouth look set to have the smallest ground in the Premier League . The club will have to install undersoil heating during the summer to adhere to Premier League rules , something which was not a requirement in the Championship . The press box , which at present separates home and away fans in the East Stand , will also move to the opposite side of the pitch to be closer to the dugouts . Stewards or netting would be put between supporters from either side to keep them apart during matches . Bournemouth only had the South Stand built when they won promotion to the Championship in 2013 , such has been their rapid rise up the football pyramid .