It was a ` once in a lifetime ' opportunity to work with one of Australia 's most well-known personal trainers . But followers of Gold Coast training queen Ashy Bines were shocked to receive an email on Saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $ US49 ,500 per year . Ms Bines on Monday apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that , or $ 4,950 . ` There was a mistake in the wording , ' Ms Bines said in an email to her thousands of followers , after questions from Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Ashy Bines , pictured , upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $ US49 ,500 - ten times it 's real $ USD4950 price . ` It was meant to be 10 % of the price , but there was an extra zero on the end , ' Ms Bines said . ` It was meant to be a 10 % of the price , but there was an extra zero on the end . ` This caused a lot of girls to be very angry and upset with me which is the last thing I ever want . Ms Bines blamed the confusion on an unnamed editor . ` Now everyone makes mistakes and my editor made a big boo-boo and felt terrible all weekend after seeing how upset my girls were . ` I am a terrible speller myself hence why I have an editor and I think this is her first mistake in 4 years ! ` I apologise for the confusion and so does my editor ' . One astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines ' Facebook page at the weekend that she would be ` homeless and starving ' if she paid the originally advertised price . A spokeswoman for Ms Bines said spots in the program - which involved her taking ` your body , mind and soul to a whole new level of well-being ' - have sold out . ` I 'd love to do the program with the email where you give one on one advice but 50,000 omg that is what I make in a year , ' wrote ` Brandi ' . ` Goodness so sad I was super excited and saw the price no way I could do that I 'd be homeless and starving . ' A Twitter user added : ` When Ashy Bines offers you the chance to get 1 on 1 coaching for 12 months for as little as $ 49,500 U.S. Dollars . Haaaa what a joke ' . A spokeswoman for Ms Bines said spots in the program - which involved her taking ` your body , mind and soul to a whole new level of well-being ' - have sold out . Success story : Ms Bines has more than 250,000 Facebook followers . ` This has never been offered before and is a once in a life time opportunity for someone who has severely struggled and serious about their goals , ' the spokeswoman said . ` This amazing offer has now been filled and is no longer available . ' Ms Bines apologised to her followers a few weeks ago after admitting several recipes were plagiarised in an old edition of her recipe book . In a video , she said she had left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ` better qualified ' to give advice . She added that she had expected the work would be completed in a more ` honest and professional manner ' .