David Cameron took on Church of England bishops yesterday after they questioned the morality of his austerity and welfare policies . In an Easter message to Christians , the Prime Minister insisted the Coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility . ` Just because some people have disagreed with our policies , does not mean those policies are missing in moral content , ' he insisted . Scroll down for video . Trip with George : Prime Minister David Cameron visited Marston 's Brewery in Wolverhampton yesterday . Statement : In an Easter message to Christians , the Prime Minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility . His intervention came as another senior Tory , chief whip Michael Gove , claimed Christians in Britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion . Six weeks ago , the Church provoked a row with ministers by publishing an unprecedented guide to how the country 's 30million Christians should ` approach the General Election ' . Bishops insisted it was not targeted at any particular party , and criticised successive governments while calling for a ` fresh moral vision ' . But much of the 50-page document was widely interpreted as indirect criticism of the Coalition 's welfare policies , which include a £ 26,000-a-year cap on household benefits , a new universal credit designed to ensure people are always better off in work and tough sanctions to prevent people languishing on jobless benefits . The bishops complained that welfare claimants were ` described in terms that imply they are undeserving , dependent and ought to be self-sufficient ' . They insisted it was ` game-playing ... to claim that anyone who cares about the impact of austerity on the most vulnerable members of society is ... careless about the extent of national indebtedness ' . The Archbishop of Canterbury the Most Rev Justin Welby - pictured ahead of a service for the re-burial of Richard III at Leicester Cathedral last week - has seen the Church of England come under fire from the PM . Despite evidence that the best-off are paying more in tax than ever before , the bishops also complained that ` the greatest burdens of austerity have not been borne by those with the broadest shoulders ' . Official Treasury figures suggest that the richest 10 per cent of households are contributing most to deficit reduction . Archbishop of York John Sentamu blamed welfare cuts and ` poverty wages ' for rising inequality . Speaking to Premier Christianity magazine , Mr Cameron said the ` values of the Christian faith are the values on which our nation was built ' . ` I 'm an unapologetic supporter of the role of faith in this country . And for me , the key point is this : the values of Easter and the Christian religion -- compassion , forgiveness , kindness , hard work and responsibility -- are values that we can all celebrate and share , ' he added . Mr Cameron conceded he was not a model Christian and was ` a bit hazy on the finer points of our faith ' . ` But even so , in the toughest of times , my faith has helped me move on and drive forward . It also gives me a gentle reminder every once in a while about what really matters and how to be a better person , father and citizen , ' he added . The Prime Minister said he had attempted to ` banish the notion that being in government means you can somehow wave a magic wand and solve all the world 's problems ' , and instead it was about ` the right judgement ... based on clear values and beliefs ' . He said the Government had inherited ` exceptional pressure on the national finances ' from Labour , adding : ` I am proud that despite the pressure on public spending , we made clear choices to help the poorest paid and most vulnerable in society . ` We have increased NHS spending , despite the overriding need to deal with the deficit . We also raised the threshold of income tax to lift the poorest paid out of income tax altogether . ` More fundamentally , the core of our recovery programme -- dealing with the deficit to restore confidence in our economy -- is based on enduring ideas and principles : hard work , fair play , rewarding people for doing the right thing , and securing a better future for our children . ' Writing in The Spectator magazine today , Mr Gove said that the popular image of Christianity was at odds with the reality of churches across the country , which daily offered ` thousands of quiet kindnesses ' to those most in need . ` To call yourself a Christian in contemporary Britain is to invite pity , condescension or cool dismissal . ' Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to Labour , a poll suggested yesterday . A survey of voters in the Lib Dem leader 's Sheffield Hallam constituency put Labour on 36 per cent of the vote compared with 34 per cent for the Liberal Democrats . Prime Minister 's wife : Samantha Cameron arrives for a visit to Abbey Court School in Rainham , Kent . Samantha Cameron yesterday visited a primary school in the seat of Rochester and Strood , held by former Tory Mark Reckless , who defected to Ukip and won a by-election last year . Despite his victory , the Conservatives are hopeful of recapturing the seat at the General Election . Reckless 's party Ukip , meanwhile , has said 16 and 17-year-olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on membership of the European Union . Its deputy chairman claims children are being exposed to ` propaganda ' from Brussels in a bid to ` catch them young ' . Suzanne Evans said : ` It 's everything there from colouring-in books on the Common Agricultural Policy for primary schoolchildren right up to research projects at university level . ` The amount of money that the EU is putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous . ` Overall the EU has an advertising budget that is larger than Coca-Cola . ' It is thought the Lib Dems would demand 16 and 17-year-olds are given a say in any EU referendum as part of a post-election coalition deal .