Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target , after a supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day . The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual Manchester Foundation Dream Day held at the Aon Training Complex on Monday . And Moshin Tanveer - who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy - used the special occasion to provide the former Holland boss with a star-studded cast of Europe 's top property he should sign in order to bring the Barclays Premier League title back to Old Trafford . Scroll down for video . Moshin Tanveer gleefully awaits Louis van Gaal 's reaction to the players he thinks he should sign . Van Gaal reads the carefully written document containing the names of who he ` should ' bring to Old Trafford . Mats Hummels -LRB- Borussia Dortmund -RRB- £ 36m . Gareth Bale -LRB- Real Madrid -RRB- £ 120m . Paul Pogba -LRB- Juventus -RRB- £ 75m . Nathaniel Clyne -LRB- Southampton -RRB- £ 15m . Memphis Depay -LRB- PSV Eindhoven -RRB- £ 30m . Jackson Martinez -LRB- Porto -RRB- £ 25m . ` I did some homework for you , ' the fan tells van Gaal , passing him the dossier seen in a video posted on the Manchester United YouTube channel . The United boss then reads out the names of Mats Hummels , Nathaniel Clyne , Paul Pogba , Gareth Bale , Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez , before thanking the supporter for his advice . ` I take it in mind , ' van Gaal says , before folding the sheet of paper and putting it in his pocket . ` You are smart , and a very cheap manager . ' Tanveer told the Dutchman not to follow up the loan signing of Radamel Falcao with a permanent deal , and also suggested that striker Robin van Persie should be sold . The supporter 's mentor said he had spent a week writing up his shortlist ahead of the foundation day , and after being warmly received by the manager , the beaming recipient of a signed home shirt said , ` It was really nice of him to do that . It was like a dream come true . ' Dutchman reads out the names of Mats Hummels , Gareth Bale and Paul Pogba among others . Van Gaal jokes that £ 35 million to prise Hummels away from Borussia Dortmund may be a little optimistic . The United fan carefully typed out the star names he wants to see playing at Old Trafford next season . The supporter also posed with David de Gea as part of a day organised by the club 's foundation . United are currently third in the Barclays Premier League with 65 points from 33 games - 11 points behind leaders Chelsea ahead of this weekend 's trip to face Everton at Goodison Park . But were van Gaal to land all the names mentioned in the supporter 's wishlist this summer , he would be expected to bring the Premier League title back to Old Trafford for the first time since 2013 . ` Hummels ... £ 36 million ... Clyne of Southampton ... £ 15 million ... Pogba ... £ 75 million ... Bale ... £ 120 million ... and Jackson Martinez of Porto ... £ 25 million . He did n't tell me who I have to sell but after a little bit of pushing , I know . So it 's easy for me . Next year , we are the champions , ' van Gaal joked .