An Italian activist and artist has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them down - on their underwear . In What Kind Of Man Are You ? , AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media . In the #briefmessage campaign , women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera , sometimes staring boldly into the lens , and sometimes hiding behind the knickers . Italian activist and artist aleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project , ` What Kind Of Man Are You ? ' The illustrator is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media . And Palombo says the response has been ` immediate and powerful ' . He said : ` Gender violence is a serious problem that can only be overcome through cultural and social education . ` Men must rebel against machismo and fight strongly gender violence . We must do it constantly and relentlessly . ` We need stronger law to fight violence against women . ' The #briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015 . Palambo says the response has been ` immediate and powerful ' The messages , written by Italian women in a combination of English and Italian , range from the rather cheeky ` My balls -LSB- sic -RSB- bigger than yours ' to the very simple ` No Rape ' . Some are statements of defiance , lots focus on the perpetrator being weaker than the victim . One woman holds out her pair with the phrase , ` I 'm not an object I 'm a subject ' , another reads , ` I teach my son respect ' . Another participant , making a stand against domestic violence , holds the statement : ` Never let the hand you hold , hold you down . ' Other stark messages include : ` Weak men beat women ' , ` violence is weakness disguised as strength , and ` women are warriors , lose the abuser ' . He says : ` Gender violence is a serious problem that can only be overcome through cultural and social education . ` Men must rebel against machismo and fight strongly gender violence . We must do it constantly and relentlessly , ' says the artist . Many men have joined the social media campaign holding up their pants with phrases such as ` I 'm a feminist ' and ` women are not objects ' emblazoned on them . AleXsandro Palombo is a contemporary artist known for irreverent and colourful art that often draws attention to controversial issues . Previous projects have included an ` anti anorexia ' campaign featuring skeletal drawings of style icons Kate Moss and Alexa Chung , and a collection of famous female cartoon characters suffering the effects of domestic violence . To see more messages , visit humorchic.blogspot.it . The messages , written by Italian women in a combination of English and Italian , range from the rather cheeky to the very simple . Some are statements of defiance and lots focus on the perpetrator being weaker than the victim .