This is the shocking dashcam footage which shows a Halford 's mechanic taking a customer 's car for a joyride at almost double the speed limit when he took it in for an MOT . Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth last month , costing £ 255 . But when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30 mph zone . Scroll down for video . Footage taken by a dashcam fitted by Shaun Ingram to his Ford Focus ST , which showed a mechanic taking a customer 's car for a joyride at 57mph in a 30mph zone . Shaun Ingram , from Saltash in Cornwall , who discovered the footage , says it shows it was a pre-planned thing , not spur of the moment . Mr Ingram , 50 , of Saltash in Cornwall , said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage , which included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car . He explained : ` When I saw the footage I was left open-mouthed . The mechanic was abusing my car and my trust . ` As a nationwide company I thought I had nothing to worry about . But I feel very let down . ` From now on I will always wait by the car whilst it is being serviced . ' Mr Ingram , who is a married father-of three and works as a large goods vehicle assessor for Dairy Crest , said that the dashboard camera was not switched but was on standby mode on a motion sensor . He said : ` I was not trying to catch anybody out . I bought the camera - ironically - from a Halfords store in Plymouth last year . The dashcam captured seven hours worth of footage after Mr Ingram left his car at the Plymouth branch of Halfords . Footage showing the car being taken out on a test drive captured by the dashcam . It also showed included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car . ` I have it in for road safety purposes because of the way some people drive . ` I did not look at the footage on the Friday afternoon when I picked the car up . ` I saw it the next day and I almost choked on my pasty . The biggest file on there was the road test where the mechanic was doing nearly twice the speed limit . ` I then decided to look at all the footage . There was one clip of him reversing the car off the MOT bay and leaning over to tell a colleague ` you wait til I road test this later . ' ` That shows that it was something that was pre-planned and not a spur of the moment thing when he was driving my car . Mr Ingram says the dashcam had been switched to standby mode and came on due to its motion sensor . ` There is another clip of him constantly swearing when he ca n't find the key sensor . ` I have not been given his name and I do n't need to know unless I get a speeding ticket . ` There is no point getting really angry about it . But it is fair to say I was open-mouthed when I saw the footage . ` I took the laptop in on the Monday morning and the manager was very non-plussed when I showed him the footage . ` Had he apologised then I would have left it . But I have now spoken with the head office and the regional manager and still not received an apology . At least they have started to take it more seriously though . ` I look after my car - it is my biggest asset and cost me nearly £ 10,000 and it is disgusting that someone like him treats it like this . ` I would never have known about it if I did not have the camera . I did not know it would pick it up but it has proved to be well worth the money . ' Halfords have explained that the mechanic who drove the car was a temporary employee at the branch in Plymouth , who has since been removed from this role . The company described his behaviour as `` appalling '' and offered to refund the cost for the MOT and service . The regional manager for Halfords Autocentres , Darren Stone , also told Mr Stone in an email that the mechanic 's behaviour was unacceptable . He said : ` He drove your car in what I can only describe as an appalling manner . ` I do not and will never condone that level of pure neglect which is why the mechanic in question has been removed from working within the Halfords Autocentre Group . ' Meanwhile a spokesperson for Halfords head office said : ` We were really disappointed to find out that this had happened and that we have let the customer down . ` We are treating this isolated incident as a priority and can confirm that the mechanic no longer works at Halfords . ` Please rest assured that we take issues like this very seriously ensuring that our 300 Halfords Autocentres always adhere to all road test procedures . '