An explosive new report reveals that the United States began secretly tracking phones long before the events of 9/11 or passage of the Patriot Act . In 1992 , a Drug Enforcement Agency operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking , including almost every country in both North and South America . USA Today uncovered the details of the program , whose vastness was not known until now , and whose practices , especially in gathering bulk information , later became a model for the National Security Agency . Scroll down for video . It has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the Drug Enforcement Agency in 1992 . The DEA program and its aims had been revealed earlier this year in a report from the Justice Department , though there was no mention of just how big the program was , and the amount of data the agency was authorized to gather . This is also now the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country . The goal was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings , especially those that were previously unknown to members of the DEA and federal government . The program also allowed agents to monitor calls the ruled out the possibility of foreign ties to the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building by American Timothy McVeigh . The program only recently shuttered , and was used for nearly two decades , with top Justice Department officials in four administrations - George H.W. Bush , Bill Clinton , George W. Bush , and Barack Obama - approving the data collections . The data collection did not however allow DEA investigators access to the actual content of calls , just the numbers dialed and time of the calls were all recorded . A 1998 request for Sprint to release their call records to the program labeled it as ` one of the most important and effective Federal drug law enforcement initiatives . ' The program was eventually halted not because it had run its course , but rather out of fear for public response should the details be revealed . That decision came from Attorney General Eric Holder in September 2013 , just months after Edward Snowden began systematically releasing classified information he obtained while working at the NSA , most notably documents that detailed the agency 's reach , which while viewed by some as crucial and necessary , was seen by many as an Orwellian nightmare , specifically as it pertained to the freedoms and allowances the agency had been granted when it came to spying on Americans . The DEA confirmed this , and they now send subpoenas on a daily basis to telephone companies to obtain records . Former officials who worked at the agency prior to and during the program 's inception speak of it as a necessity at the time as they attempted to combat the seemingly untouchable and infallible Colombian drug cartels . In that regard the program was a massive success , allowing agency officials to take down larger members of drug organizations thanks to a system that no longer required them to reach out to the phone companies every day , where the could only request individual phone records . And this years before the program had begun , and the agency was working with just the principles they had developed , two supercomputers and a team of analysts . Officials could not reveal those the program helped the agency to capture , but we do know that Colombian barons Carlos Lehder , Griselda Blanco and Daniel Barrera Barrera , also known as El Loco , were all captured by or with the help of the DEA in the years prior to the program . The success of this new system impressed President George H.W. Bush , who spoke of the idea of ` sophisticated intelligence-gathering and Defense Department technology ' in a 1989 speech , the first time these concepts had been mentioned by a president . Those successes were short lived however , and just three years later drug crimes were hitting record highs while also turning increasingly violent , especially in Miami . It was around this time that the DEA program was approved , with President George H.W. Bush , along with Attorney General William Barr and chief criminal prosecutor , Robert Mueller , giving the agency these new data collection privileges in the final months of his first term . The report did not reveal when exactly this happened , and if he granted this before or after his failed bid for reelection . The DEA , who just years earlier were reaching out to phone companies in search of individual records , would now receive phone company records on a daily basis thanks to a request from the Justice Department . What 's more , whereas before the focus was on getting records only of those who were known drug suspects due to time constraints , the agency now received a list of every single phone call from an American phone line to a country on the drug watch list . The countries changed , with some coming on then going off then coming on again , but the data as always the number and time of the call . There was push back from some of the telephone companies at the time , but never to the point that any of them challenged the subpoenas in court . They may have also seen no point in challenging these subpoenas in a court when those companies that did show hesitation received a letter from the Justice Department ` urging them to comply . ' The aforementioned letter to Sprint in 1998 was an example of these notes sent to the phone companies , and given the fact that six years later there was still unease about turning over these records it would seem this was a constant battle throughout the years the program was active . That same letter provides another look at why going to court may have seemed pointless , as the Justice Department wrote that the program was ` legally appropriate ' in the note , penned by then deputy assistant attorney general Mary Lee Warren . The scope of what the records could be used for was heavily checked prior to 9/11 , with all the data being used to investigate drug investigations , with the exception of a few incidents that were seen as potential threats to national security , like Oklahoma City . With the program now shuttered , there are some concerns about the list of countries on the DEA list being revealed , though officials said that in many cases they were aware of the program , which would likely be just as beneficial to them as to the United States . The information was also passed along to foreign governments who in turn used it in building their own cases and investigations .