Unexpected : Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year . Our glorious spring has accelerated the growing season - and supermarket shelves are already bursting with English summer fruit and veg . Usually at this time of year we would still be eating vegetables imported from Spain and South America . But thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until August , English tomatoes and asparagus are already on the shelves , weeks ahead of usual . Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year . It is stocking large Jack Hawkins , aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums , all grown in greenhouses across England . And the supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month . Strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and English raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of March . Morrisons , meanwhile , yesterday predicted Britain would have best crop of asparagus for nearly a decade . The chain estimates that the asparagus crop could be up 20 per cent this year compared to average , having received an early boost of high light levels and warm temperatures . Morrisons asparagus buyer David Bartle said : ` Growing conditions look like they are going to be perfect . ` The good weather will not only affect the amount of asparagus grown but also the quality of the crop . We could have the most exceptional year since 2007 . ' Peter Cooke , Waitrose vegetable buyer , said : ` Our customers can choose from a wide variety of home grown tomatoes and in bigger quantities than this time last year . ' The sunny spell is set to continue until later this week , when the weather will take a turn for the worst . The mercury is set to hit 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- as the Queen celebrates her 89th birthday today -LRB- Tuesday -RRB- - making it hotter than Ibiza , Athens and Barcelona . But rain , cloud and cooler temperatures are predicted for the second half of the week . Early arrival : thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until August , English tomatoes and asparagus are already on the shelves , weeks ahead of usual . Showers could hit the capital this Sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the London Marathon . Dan Williams , a spokesman for the Met Office , said most of Britain basked in sunshine yesterday and will continue to enjoy good weather until Wednesday . He said : ` There has been lots of sunshine around and the temperatures have been pretty decent for this time of year - temperatures have hit 19C in Sussex and 18C in London . But he added : ` By Thursday a lot more cloud will be around in general and there will be light rain over Scotland . ` For most it will be a dry day still with some sunny spells , but generally that cloud is the herald of slightly more unsettled weather . ` The high pressure that has been dominating for the past few days moves over and we see a bit more of what you would expect this time of year . '