A married dentist forced his practice nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard . Colin Cromie told Xara Grogan , 29 , they should jet to Barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner . But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured and Mr Cromie , 49 , became increasingly hostile and unfriendly . He would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ` abrupt and rude ' and blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice . Married dentist Colin Cromie -LRB- left -RRB- , 49 , forced practice nurse Xara Grogan -LRB- right -RRB- , 29 , to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard . When Miss Grogan complained about having to wear a uniform , including culottes , Mr Cromie , a former major in the Royal Army Dental Corps , told her she would be ` out on her ear ' if she joined a union , it was alleged . On another occasion as she was helping a dental technician to organise a quote for dentures , Mr Cromie shouted at her and told her she should ` know her place ' . And on a separate occasion Mr Cromie gave Miss Grogan a dressing-down for failing to set up the practice 's reception , when a colleague who arrived late went unpunished . Mr Cromie made life so unpleasant the nurse was later forced to quit the job she had held for more than five years . The tribunal found Miss Grogan was constructively dismissed by Mr Cromie and his conduct towards the nurse did amount to sex discrimination . But she failed in her bid to prove further allegations of harassment and victimisation against the dentist . She was awarded £ 16,500 compensation for the dismissal and ` hurt feelings ' as well as back pay that she was owed . Workplace : Mr Cromie hired Miss Grogan to work at Petre Dental , pictured , in Lancashire . The hearing was told Miss Grogan had worked for Mr Cromie in two spells from 2008 in two separate practices he had set up . She had been in a relationship with Mr Cromie 's stepson , Paul Talbot , and the pair had lived with the dentist and his wife . But relations between the dentist and his nurse began to change when Mr Cromie began sharing ` sexist ' jokes with her via text message and then offered to take her to Barcelona . He told Miss Grogan , who had been arguing with her partner , that they were each with the wrong partners and attempted to hug and kiss her . Miss Grogan -LRB- above -RRB- initially complained to the practice manager , Diane Talbot -- Mr Cromie 's wife -- and became frustrated when no action was taken . When she turned him down he became ` increasingly hostile ' , treating her to ` extended silences and outbursts ' , according to the tribunal 's official ruling . Miss Grogan complained to the practice manager , Diane Talbot -- Mr Cromie 's wife -- and became frustrated when no action was taken . She eventually resigned from her job as a nurse at the Petre Dental practice in Clay-le-Moors , Lancashire , and claimed unfair dismissal and sexual discrimination against the dentist . Mr Cromie denied trying to kiss the nurse but employment judge Katherine Ross said : ` Mr Cromie absolutely denied the allegation . The claimant said it occurred . The tribunal finds that the incident occurred . ' The tribunal was told that shortly after the incident Miss Grogan was so shocked she told a fellow dental nurse , Louise Clail . In her ruling Judge Ross added : ` Although there had been a high degree of familiarity between Mr Cromie and the claimant , based on her position in the extended family , their close working relationship and the sexual language which passed between them , attempting to kiss the claimant was an action which was physical and sexual . ' After the case Miss Grogan said on Facebook that the case had represented ` a tough couple of years ' and she was looking forward to moving on . She added : ` He will do it again I do n't doubt it . I would hope he treats the girls he works with now with a little more respect . ' Mr Cromie said Miss Grogan had only succeeded in ` two out of six ' claims and this was reflected in her ` modest ' pay-out .