Miracle Godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at East Quarry near Wigan on Friday . A 13-year-old schoolboy who was tipped for rugby league stardom has drowned in a quarry after going for a swim on the hottest day of the year so far . Miracle Godson , from Marsh Green in Wigan , was reported missing on Friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near the town and failed to surface . Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5 pm that day . Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course . Bosses at Wigan St Judes Rugby League Club , where Miracle played for the junior side , said he had great future potential and scouts were monitoring his progress . The teenager 's team paid their respects on Facebook after rugby league clubs across the region marked his death with a minute 's silence ahead of games this weekend . It said : ` We at Wigan St Judes would like to show our appreciation to all teams across the country who held silences before their matches in respect to Miracle . ` The messages of condolence sent to us have been huge . And we can not thank everybody enough . ` Our sport is tough , played by players who get into situations where confrontation happens on the field between players and supporters . ` This just shows how proud we are of our sport . But the rugby world really has shown how much we all stick together at times like this . ` Thank you all , the rugby league world and the rugby league family for your support at this very difficult time . ' A tribute site to Miracle has also been set up on Facebook , alongside dozens of posts in his memory on Twitter . Friends tried to save him but his lifeless body was found in East Quarry , Appley Bridge , by police divers . Jules Staniford Russon posted on the wall : ` RIP Miracle , so so sad . Thinking of all your family x. ' Sue Walls added : ` Truly saddened by this tragic news . May friends and family find strength and comfort in the difficult times ahead . X. ' It 's understood that a petition calling for the quarry to be drained is due to be launched . Friends were also due to gather at the club tonight for a tribute and flowers have been left at the scene . Lancashire Police confirmed that they responded to reports of a missing 13-year-old boy on Friday , April 10 . Tributes were left at the scene over the weekend and a Facebook page has been set up for people to share their memories . Police were called to the scene at 3.10 pm on Friday after the teenager 's failed to find their friend in deep water . Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course . The incident has prompted police to issue a warning over the dangers of swimming in open water . A force spokeswoman said : ` Officers searching for a 13-year-old boy who had been reported missing in the water at East Quarry , Dawber Delph in Appley Bridge have found a body . ` We were called at 3.10 pm on Friday and were working alongside the fire and ambulance service searching for the missing boy . '