A 30-stone Texan woman has used her eight-foot belly to entice men from around the world , including latest hubby , Lance . Gayla Neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years . But the happy couple , who live in Manitoba , Canada , are now using Gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model . Scroll down for video . 30 stone Gayla Neufeld met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum . She said : ` Growing up I used to be ashamed of my belly but now I have a great following of men who really like it . ` There have been men from all over the world . I have had doctors , lawyers and even bodybuilders , lots of bodybuilders , approach me , which really amazed me . ` They tell me it 's the perfect belly . They say it 's not marred or scarred and that they love the shape of it because it is a single belly . Some larger women they have a double-layer or a two-tier belly but mine is a single . That is really attractive to a lot of men . ' The 52-year-old says men love her ` perfect belly ' and she gets approached by bodybuilders and doctors . Thirty stone Gayla was n't always so body-confident and for years she struggled to deal with her family 's unusual genetic legacy . ` Women in my family have always gained weight around the belly , especially after having children , ' said Gayla , whose favourite foods are homemade cookies and ice-cream . ` My mum was fat and my favourite sister was fat , as were my grandparents , my grandmother and my great-grandmother . Gayla inherited her big belly from her family . ` My mum was fat and my favourite sister was fat , as were my grandparents , my grandmother and my great-grandmother , ' she said . Aged eight , Gayla already weighted 13 stone . She used to get bullied at school and felt ashamed of her weight . ` Growing up , kids at school would point and laugh at me and say `` boom , boom , boom '' with every step I took . I was really ashamed to be fat . ' Aged eight , Gayla already weighed a whopping 13st and continued to pile on even more weight in her teens . One doctor even prescribed her amphetamines to curb her sweet tooth , but it failed and made her even more depressed . Her burgeoning curves made her popular with boys at high school , though , and Gayla had many admirers - but she was too embarrassed at the thought of being naked . Despite her body issues she eventually married at 19 and embarked on a mission to battle the bulge . Gayla 's curves attracted boys when she was a teenager , and she married at the age of 19 . However , her husband was embarassed by her size as she continued to pile on the pounds , and they divorced . But instead of maintaining any weight loss , she found herself hovering between 21 and 28 stone . Her wavering confidence was further diminished when her husband said he was embarrassed by her weight and they divorced in 1999 . It was at rock-bottom that Gayla discovered an online community of obese women calling themselves SSBBWs - meaning ` super-sized big beautiful women ' . These curvaceous women - some in excess of 40 stone - were worshipped by legions of men calling themselves ` fat admirers ' . An online community for fat women helped Gayla to embrace her size as she was worshiped by ` fat admirers ' Curious to know more , Gayla joined a forum called Bulge Chat and soon found herself overwhelmed with lusty fans . She said : ` I realised I was desirable , I was sexy , I was beautiful and I became confident in who I was . ` I had always thought the men who liked BBWs would be geeks in their mum 's basement , but I was totally wrong . ' Despite having her pick it was rugged truck driver Lance Neufield , 54 , who really caught her attention . ` I realised I was desirable , I was sexy , I was beautiful and I became confident in who I was , ' said Gayla . After meeting on Bulge Chat they enjoyed two 15-minute conversations and struck up an instant rapport . Lance told her he was driving to Texas with work the following week and they agreed to meet at a truck stop and have dinner . Gayla agreed despite vowing never to fall for anyone again - and she found herself swept off her feet by the Canadian . She said : ` When he pulled up and I saw him I was like , ` Oh my God , he is so cute ' . ` He got in the car and he said to me , ` Your pictures online do you no justice ' . I was like , ` Aww , that 's so sweet ' and I just blushed . When Lance and Gayla first met , they stayed up all night talking and smooching on the sofa . ` Years later I found out that his computer did n't produce very good pictures , but it 's okay , it still made me feel good at the time . ` We had our first dinner and got a bottle of Champagne afterwards and rented the General 's Daughter and The Thomas Crown Affair . ` We did n't get through any of those movies because we stayed up all night talking and smooching on the couch like a couple of kids . ` I was sad when he had to go . ' They embarked on a long-distance relationship before Gayla agreed to move to Manitoba , Canada , to be with Lance - and they married six years later . Gayla moved from Texas to Canada to be with Lance , and they married six years later . Despite her size , they claim to enjoy an ` active and satisfying sex life ' , though Gayla 's weight causes other day-to-day obstacles . She struggles to shop for clothes that fit around her 96-inch belly and must use a motorised cart if required to walk long distances . Getting into a car is also an ordeal and she must book two seats on an aeroplane when flying . She has a range of health issues including arthritis and thyroid problems , but remains upbeat about the future . Gayla struggles to walk long distances and has to book two seats on an aeroplane when flying . She said : ` As far as the health aspects go , I do n't really worry about them . My mother is still alive and she is 82 . ` I have had doctors tell me more then once that I needed to lose weight for health reasons but I truly believe that when it is your time to go , it is your time to go . ' Lance , who has three children from a previous relationship , has always been attracted to Gayla 's supersize paunch but would n't stand in her way if she attempted to lose weight . Gayla 's favourite foods are cookies and ice-cream . She says she does n't worry about health problems . He said : ` This woman is the love of my life . I would 100 % support her if she decided to lose weight . ` The first thing that attracted me to her was that she had the most beautiful face I had ever seen . ` The belly was just the bonus on top of all her other beauty . ` It does n't matter to me whether it is bigger or smaller because it 's not really her belly I love - I love her . ' ` The belly was just the bonus on top of all her other beauty , ' says Gayla 's latest husband , Lance . With Lance 's continuing support Gayla is planning to continue her modelling career and win over even more fans . She said : ` I allowed the world to dictate to me what I was supposed to look like and who I was supposed to be . By taking a body-positive image I have empowered myself to be who I am and to enjoy my life . ` I 'm not going to tell you that I never have bad days and I am not going to tell you that I do n't wish I was thin from time to time , but mostly I just enjoy being me . ` You 've got to love who you are . '