Defender Per Mertesacker believes Arsenal have become a stronger unit from their FA Cup success of last season , but can not allow themselves any sense of complacency against Reading at Wembley in Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final . The Gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form , which has seen them win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and up into second place in the Barclays Premier League . The atmosphere around the club is certainly a world way from the tense finale to the 2013/14 campaign , when Arsenal were under extreme pressure in the quest to finally end a near decade wait for silverware as well as finish in the top four of the Barclays Premier League once again , not to mention the uncertainty around the future of manager Arsene Wenger . Per Mertesacker will not allow Arsenal to become complacent in FA Cup semi-final against Reading . Mertesacker pictured during a training session with his Arsenal team-mates on Friday ahead of the clash . Alexis Sanchez looked in good spirits as he cheered on his team-mates during their training session . Calum Chambers reacts as Danny Welbeck laughs during training as they prepare to defend their FA Cup win . Those ambitions were within eight minutes of being shattered when trailing 1-0 to Wigan in their semi-final 12 months ago , before Mertesacker made amends for giving away an earlier penalty when heading home a late equaliser to force extra-time and a nerve-shredding penalty shoot-out victory that in turn set up a final against Hull , which itself proved just as dramatic as Arsenal came from 2-0 down to lift the trophy . ` It is a good warning to all of us . You need to be focused 100 per cent Reading , so it is going to be a tough one for us , ' said the German , who will again lead the team out at Wembley with captain Mikel Arteta still not fit . We suffered a bit last season on that occasion with that pressure , but it was a great experience and hopefully we can manage that a bit better . ` We are on a good level of confidence , but there will be pressure on us because we are super favourites and can we handle that during the game ? ' Mertesacker added : ` It is going to be Reading 's biggest game of the season , so to mentally prepare for that is going to be difficult , not just to match their physicality and mental strength , but to do more , to be on the ball from the start , to show them respect , but no fear for the pressure . ` The winning streak helps us a bit , but this competition is completely different . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger pictured during training as he prepares to face Championship club Reading . Arsenal 's stars were put through their paces ahead of the short trip from north London to Wembley Stadium . Mesut Ozil and Mathieu Flamini acknowledge each other during the Arsenal training session on Friday . ` It is the best competition I have ever played in because so many big teams struggle , but I do n't want to struggle . I want to repeat the success -LRB- of 2014 -RRB- , so let 's make sure that we are on the same level and do more than our opponent . ` I feel that we are really sharp and eager to repeat it . We have the chance to do it because we did well before and that is something I want to build on . ' Mertesacker believes the squad have it within themselves to sustain a challenge for honours in the coming seasons . The German continued : ` To go on or to be consistent - that is a tough target , but we push ourselves . ` We want to be able to defend a title and be able to compete at the top which makes us at the moment a good team . We have n't shown that consistently this season because all of a sudden we lost one game -LSB- in the Champions League last 16 first leg to Monaco -RSB- and in a cup competition you can not afford that . ` Even in the Premier League , if you lose four games , you can not win the title , so that is something we really try to push ourselves to the next level . ' Arsenal won the FA Cup last year and will be trying to defend their trophy this season once more . Chambers and Ozil during training in London on Friday morning ahead of Saturday 's semi-final . The bedrock of Arsenal 's resurgence has been the return to fitness of key men , which has left the likes of Theo Walcott , Danny Welbeck and Kieran Gibbs all looking on from the bench . Jack Wilshere could be another in contention this weekend , having recovered from minor ankle surgery . Mertesacker believes such strength in depth can only be a positive for the squad 's development . ` It is weird , but it is really good , the competition we have got at the moment . It is really something that lifts everyone at the club , ' he said . ` Obviously there are going to be a few disappointing situations for players , but we have to respect the manager 's decision and not to let anyone down , if someone is not in the squad . '