Dante de Blasio , the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including Ivy League universities Yale and Brown , sources close to Gracie Mansion said . The mayor 's son , who is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School will make his decision by the end of the month , leaving de Blasio in a situation familiar to millions across the country . Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn , de Blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son 's elite education . Proud family : Dante -LRB- left -RRB- with his father , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , his mother Chirlaine McCray and sister , Chiara outside their home in Park Slope , Brooklyn . ` There 's going to be a big challenge in figuring out financial aid and visits and all sorts of stuff , ' said Mr. de Blasio to the New York Times last week . But while Dante 's choice of college is obviously a private matter , how his parents - as champions of the underprivileged - will fund it , is obviously of public interest . Indeed , the almost prohibitive cost of college for some in the United States is often pointed to as a failing of Democratic politicians and their policies . However , with a salary of $ 225,000 and his daughter , Chiara , already enrolled at Santa Clara University in California , de Blasio has a good case for financial aid . Ivy League : Dante has been accepted into Yale -LRB- left -RRB- and Brown -LRB- right -RRB- Universities and will make his decision at the end of the month . Home for the moment : The de Blasio family moved into Gracie Mansion on the Upper East Side of New York City late last year . Harvard : $ 68,050 . University of Pennsylvania : $ 66,800 . Columbia : $ 63,440 . Yale : $ 63,250 . Dartmouth : $ 60,201 . Brown : $ 59,428 . Princeton : $ 58,965 . Cornell : $ 47,286 . Indeed , her annual tuition , room and board fees come to $ 55,000 a year and if Dante was to attend Yale , that would come to in excess of $ 60,000 . Faced with more than $ 100,000 a year in tuition fees , the mayor may not find himself disqualified from seeking aid said Mark Kantrowitz , the publisher of Edvisors.com , which works in financial aid . ` When you have colleges that are charging 50 , 60 , $ 70,000 a year , everybody is going to struggle to pay for college , ' he said to the New York Times . However , Kantrowitz admitted in the case of the mayor he is talking about the 1 percent of top earners in the country . De Blasio and his wife Chirlaine McCray received $ 52,200 in rent from a Park Slope , Brooklyn , home his mother lived in and the family home also in Park Slope they left last year rakes in $ 4,975 a month . Combined , the two properties value is $ 2.8 million . However , regardless of how the de Blasio 's pay for college , Dante appears to be a strong candidate . He is a champion debater and counts political philosophy his favorite subject according to the New York Times .