As a wealth management consultant for a prestigious London firm , Craig Lister is used to keeping his cool . But lately , that 's become rather more difficult . Craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes . ` I have about ten to 12 flushes a day , and six to eight at night , ' says Craig , a Yorkshireman who lives in Watford , Hertfordshire , with wife Sue , a teacher , 52 , and their three children , George , 22 , Evie , 20 , and Joseph , 18 . Craig , 54 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 . He is now well and his tumours have shrunk . ` I know when one 's coming . The feeling suddenly builds up as if you 've gone into a sauna . Within minutes I 'm in full sweat . Five or ten minutes later , it 's gone . ' Craig has taken to carrying a spare shirt in his briefcase when he goes to meet clients . ` I 'll turn up to a lunch and suddenly have a hot sweat and my shirt will be soaked , ' he says . ` I nip off to the loos and have a wash and change . ' Hormone therapy , usually given in the form of regular injections or implants , is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer - where the cancer has spread beyond the prostate . It ca n't cure the cancer , but can help keep it under control . Hormone therapy is also given alongside radiotherapy to some men with localised prostate cancer to shrink the cancer and make it easier to treat . The jabs typically contain drugs called luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone -LRB- LHRH -RRB- blockers . These act on the pituitary gland in the brain , to stop the production of hormones which are released into the bloodstream and bind with cells in the testicles to make testosterone . Even though the cancer is now microscopic he is still taking hormone treatment . The majority of prostate cancers rely on the hormone to grow . Lowering the amount in the body means it 's less able to spread . In England alone , 13,000 men receive the treatment every year - in the form of jabs given monthly or every three months according to the charity Prostate Cancer UK . However , blocking testosterone can cause a variety of side-effects , explains Ali Rooke , a specialist nurse at the charity . ` Testosterone is a man 's natural source of energy , so along with hot flushes we often see fatigue . It also has an important role in sexual function , so there can be a loss of libido , ' she says . ` There can be mood swings and depression ; some men also report breast swelling , nipple tenderness and weight gain around the middle . All of these are similar to what women go through during the menopause , when levels of their equivalent hormone , oestrogen , start to fall . ' Hormone therapy also raises the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes , and can cause bone thinning , because testosterone is important for bone density . Studies by Prostate Cancer UK have found that 80 per cent of men having hormone therapy will suffer hot flushes , and 27 per cent of these say it is the side-effect that troubles them the most . This rings true for Craig . ` People do n't tell you much about hormone therapy at the beginning , ' he says . ` I am basically a menopausal man . I have mood swings and I 've put on two-and-a-half stone . But the worst thing has been the hot sweats . I 'm up a few times a night , sometimes having to change the sheets and it 's tiring . ` Of course , this wakes Sue up , too , and then she 's worrying . ` She used to have hot flushes and so she 's very sympathetic . The difference with me is that I do n't know if they will ever end . ' Men with advanced prostate cancer could be on hormone therapy for the rest of their life , says Ali Rooke . ` But men who are on it along with radiotherapy tend to only have it for up to three years until the cancer has been treated . ' She says the charity receives hundreds of calls every year from men struggling with hot flushes and side-effects of hormone therapy . ` Men are warned about side-effects , but clinic appointment times are not long , so doctors ca n't realistically talk through them all in detail . It 's also hard to predict what side-effects a man will have and how he will respond . ' There are treatments to alleviate hot flushes , such as drugs based on the female hormone progesterone , which has an effect like testosterone but does n't fuel the growth of cancer cells . Some men find that complementary therapies , such as acupuncture , or herbal supplements , such as sage tea or black cohosh , help , but the benefits are yet to be proven clinically . But now new research suggests that cognitive behavioural therapy , or CBT , a psychological technique and talking therapy , could help . This causes hot flushes and night sweats . A trial on prostate cancer patients at King 's College London , published in March , has shown such impressive results that it is likely to be offered nationally . CBT works by helping people understand the links between their beliefs , thoughts and behaviour . It 's a recognised treatment for anxiety and other mental health conditions . Myra Hunter , professor of clinical health psychology at King 's , has previously found that CBT reduces hot flushes in menopausal women , and breast cancer patients who are experiencing them as a result of treatments that reduce levels of oestrogen . ` Beliefs about hot flushes can exacerbate the symptoms , ' she says . Professor Hunter believes that by replacing overly negative thoughts about hot flushes with more helpful , positive ones , they will have less of an impact . Her latest study recruited 68 men receiving hormone therapy for prostate cancer , all of whom were experiencing at least ten hot flushes and night sweats a week . Half the group were given treatment as usual -LRB- access to doctors and information about the problem -RRB- and the other half received a self-help CBT booklet , a CD and two sessions with a psychologist . The men were taught breathing exercises , advised on lifestyle changes and sleep management , and encouraged to challenge negative beliefs and presumptions . ` Women feel hot flushes are a signifier of their age and reproductive status , ' says Professor Hunter . ` In our interviews with men , we found the hot flushes signified a threat to their masculinity . ` They felt the hot flushes had social consequences - people would think that there was something wrong with them . And they catastrophised , so if they had one in the night they assumed they 'd feel terrible the next day . ' After six weeks , the CBT group 's hot flushes were 40 per cent less problematic and 36 per cent less frequent , compared with 12 per cent and 16 per cent reductions in the control group . CBT is not always easily available on the NHS . Professor Hunter is hoping to offer her self-help audio guide and booklet for hot flushes free through Prostate Cancer UK , but this has not yet been confirmed . Craig was diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer three years ago , at the age of 50 , so quality of life is important to him . By the time of his diagnosis , the cancer had spread beyond the prostate to his lungs and to the lymph nodes in his pelvis and abdomen , so surgery was not an option . While the hormone treatment has been helpful , the hot flushes have been hard to deal with . He is about to try a new type of radiotherapy , but expects to be on hormone therapy indefinitely . However , he says taking the right attitude to hot flushes has helped him hugely . ` From the beginning I 've been open about my condition , so all my friends and clients know why I have hot flushes . ` It 's nothing to be embarrassed about . My family and I have learned to live in the now and be grateful for what we 've got . ' prostatecanceruk.org .