Though many consider it to be yesterday 's problem , some 5,000 people still die from asbestos-related diseases each year , making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents . With around 20 tradespeople dying each week as a result from past exposure to asbestos too , it 's far from the rapidly dwindling issue many presume it to be . That 's why award-winning artist Joe Joiner , from East London , whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to the substance , has created a moving new art installation in tribute . Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year , making it a bigger killer than road accidents . Over 50 families , all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos exposure , have contributed heartfelt messages to a new moving artwork to help raise awareness , unveiled this week in Covent Garden , London . Currently on display in Covent Garden , London , the installation is made up of heartfelt messages from people who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases . Many are widows whose husbands were exposed during trade work , children who have lost fathers , and others mourning wives , mothers and grandparents . Over 50 families have contributed to the art project , with personal messages to their departed . Created as part of HSE 's Beware Asbestos campaign , the artwork is made up of two huge glass boxes , inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs . Award-winning artist Joe Joiner , from East London , has created the art installation as part of HSE 's Beware Asbestos campaign . Joe , whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to asbestos while working at a factory , revealed he initially thought it was a last-century phenomenon . However , while talking about his project with friends and family , more and more cases made themselves known . The messages , written on pieces of paper , are symbolic of the microscopic asbestos fibres inhaled by those exposed . Causing deadly diseases including mesothelioma , an aggressive form of lung cancer , asbestos can be a deadly killer to those unaware of its presence . Among the contributors is Lauren Ross , 56 , from Didsbury , Manchester , who lost her husband Frank in 2007 . Lauren Ross , 56 , from Didsbury , Manchester , lost her husband Frank , a shop fitter and joiner , in 2007 to mesothelioma , an aggressive form of lung cancer caused by exposure to microscopic asbestos fibres . Mrs Ross joined other widows and families who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases at the unveiling of the art installation in Covent Garden , London . She has vowed to continue raising awareness . A shop fitter and joiner for most of his life , Frank died of mesothelioma aged 60 , just a year after he was diagnosed with the condition . ` He first felt a pain in his side on holiday at the end of August 2005 and was treated at first for a pulled muscle , ' recalls Mrs Ross . ` In January , he was sent for a chest X-ray due to the pain and some shortage of breath . Poignant : The messages in the installation are symbolic of the microscopic asbestos fibres inhaled by those exposed . ` He was told on 13 January what they thought he had and had further tests from there . He died a year later in February . ` What really upset Frank was the fact that he must have been bringing asbestos into our house for years , potentially affecting me and our four children , ' she added . ` This was something he had absolutely no idea about . ' Created as part of HSE 's Beware Asbestos campaign , the artwork is made up of two huge glass boxes , inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs . Despite experiencing a great deal of pain , Frank continued to raise awareness about the risks of asbestos , and necessary measures to protect workers . ` Since his death I am determined to continue his work in raising awareness , and also to make it clear to tradespeople that - unless you follow all the necessary safety procedures - there is a chance you are taking asbestos home to the ones you love , ' says Mrs Ross . ` I want people to be aware that deaths from exposure to asbestos are not a historic issue , but something that can happen to anyone today if the appropriate measures are n't taken . ' Over 50 families have contributed to the art project , with personal messages to their departed loved ones .