With just 10 days to go until the general election , Ed Miliband has already won one political battle -- as the nation 's ` best looking ' political leader . First it was the ` milifandom ' -- with thousands of teenage girls allegedly swooning for the Labour leader on Twitter . But now it seems he 's gained another big fan in the form of The Only Way Is Essex star Lydia Bright . The Only Way Is Essex star Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband as part of the ` useyourvoice ' campaign encouraging young people to vote . The reality TV star said Mr Miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' The reality TV star said Mr Miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' . Bright , who interviewed the Labour leader as part of a campaign to encourage youngsters to vote , said she would ` snog or marry Ed because he 's the best-looking one out of them all ' . She added : ` He had a really great dress sense and looked very dapper . He gets my fashion seal of approval . ' It comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled after taking to Twitter in droves to reveal their love for the Labour leader . Dubbing themselves the ` Milifans ' the mostly teenage girls rallied support for the opposition leader using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom . Bright said she teased the Labour leader over his unlikely sex symbol status . The 24-year-old said : ` I had a bit of a joke with him as well and talked to him about his massive fan base and he seemed very humbled and a bit embarrassed by it . ` But he was also pretty cool about it all . He just really wants those fans tweeting about him to vote for him . ' Ed Miliband - arriving at the Arc Arts Centre in Stockton-on-Tees in the North East this morning - has become an unlikely pin up . The Labour leader last week found that he had thousands of ` Milifans ' on Twitter - mostly teenage girls - who were rallying support for him and praising his good looks . Bright interviewed the Labour leader as part of the ` useyourvoice ' Twitter campaign which encourages young people to vote . She said : ` I wanted to talk to him about what Labour would do about the amount of parents who ca n't afford to look after their children because those children often end up in care . It 's a shocking issue that 's really personal to me . ` You 'd think all the politicians would be quite posh and a bit pompous but he just seemed really friendly . ' Bright 's parents have been fostering children since she was 13 months old . Despite consistently voting , Bright admitted she is not a ` political whizz kid ' , but said she was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to chat to Mr Miliband . But she confessed she still has n't decided how she will vote as she is determined to do more research and get a better understanding of each party 's manifesto ` to get a really clear picture in my mind before I vote on May 7 ' . The ` useyourvoice ' campaign encourages 18 to 30-year-olds to vote in the General Election .