A South African writer has claimed Australia is more racist than her homeland - where segregation by skin colour used to be law . While she originally called South Africa home , Sisonke Msimang , 41 , moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months . As a journalist and an activist , she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in South Africa , including a stint working for the United Nations . However , upon relocating she said she 's been faced with the realisation , that much like her native South Africa : ` The deepest and most abiding forms of racism ' in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population . ` A lot of the people I speak with say ` I just treat you as a human , I do n't see race ' but they have to remember that people have different experiences because of their race everyday ' ` When I say something or someone is racist , it 's not meant to be the worst insult in the world , people really get their backs up and this has only made the conversation about race so immature , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` I think the racist element -LSB- in Australia -RSB- lies in the difficulty in grappling with past and present . There is a reluctance to admit and accept that this country , like the U.S. or Canada , has deep seeded race issues . ' While protests about Islam infiltrating Australia have dominated the media , Ms Msimang said she started to recognise a systematic approach to ` assimilate ' and ` eradicate ' Australia 's Indigenous heritage , simply by denying that Aboriginal Australian 's have different needs to white Australians . ` A lot of the people I speak with say ` I just treat you as a human , I do n't see race ' but they have to remember that people have different experiences because of their race everyday , ' Ms Msimang told Daily Mail Australia . While protests about Islam infiltrating Australia have dominated the media , Ms Msimang said she started to recognise a systematic approach to ` assimilate ' and ` eradicate ' Australia 's Indigenous heritage , simply by denying that Aboriginal Australian 's have different needs than white Australians . ` We are all committed to building a better Australia by talking about principals that we hold dear , one of which is the entitlement to a fair go , however at the same time people do n't realise that people of colour do n't always have a fair go . ' Ms Msimang said we can only reach level footing by recognising that difference is n't always a bad thing . She beleives while we continue to ` treat everyone exactly the same ' we 'll only further deny how race affects those with different values . In her article Ms Msimang said the Australian government employed tactics of ` trickery , disposition and violence ' that are ` as ugly as you 'll find anywhere in the world ' . ` Aboriginal people are over-represented in the criminal justice system , and have health and educational outcomes that -- if they were taken alone -- would make Australia look like a developing country , ' she wrote . Ms Msimang slammed Prime Minster Tony Abbott for his ` out of touch ' comments that claim Australia could no longer ` subsidize lifestyle choices if those lifestyle choices are not conducive to the kind of full participation in Australian society that everyone should have . ' She condemned the federal government 's plans to cut funding for ` remote ' communities in June this year that could lead to the closure of around 150 rural communities predominately populated by Aboriginals . Ms Msimang slammed Prime Minster Tony Abbott for his ` out of touch ' comments that claim Australia could no longer ` subsidize lifestyle choices if those lifestyle choices are not conducive to the kind of full participation in Australian society that everyone should have . ' ` Tony Abbott is the poster child for foot in mouth and it 's not really surprising that he would make a racist statement and not apologise for it , ' Ms Mismang told Daily Mail Australia . She said Aboriginal people do n't make a ` lifestyle choice ' to live on the land , instead , it 's their connection with country that 's meant they 've stayed there and the fact that such plans could be even contemplated speaks to a ` far larger problems in this country . ' In Ms Msimang 's eyes , forcing Indigenous communities who have an innate ` connection to country ' to leave their homes and ` assimilate ' into normal ` civilised ' society mirrors our gruesome history where children were systematically torn from their families and ` taught the ways of white society . ' In Ms Mismng 's eyes , forcing Indigenous communities who have an innate ` connection to country ' to leave their homes and ` assimilate ' into normal ` civilised ' society mirrors our gruesome history where children were systematically torn from their families and ` taught the ways of white society . ' ` Right now the conversation in Australia exists in the past which only allows people to say ` oh , they need to get over it , we used to be racist but we are n't anymore ' While Ms Msimng made note that these ` startling ' practices are all too similar to those implemented during South Africa 's apartheid , she maintains South Africa has started to move forward by recognising race difference where Australia continues to deny the issue . ` Right now the conversation in Australia exists in the past which only allows people to say `` oh , they need to get over it , we used to be racist but we are n't anymore '' , ' she said . Ms Msimng thinks we need to start thinking about reconciliation in a more ` balanced ' way that accurately recognises history and difference . ` In my country it is incredible how far admission of guilt has gotten people . For many , the beginning of building better race relations is saying ` yes I have benefited from a system that has been really crappy for you and your people ' . ' Black South Africans are pictured burning the passbooks they were forced to carry which stopped them accessing white only areas during the apartheid . ` The issue for aboriginal people is that they 're still such a minority and that makes it hard for them to define the terms of the conversation . ' She said Australian 's need to ` lance the wound ' so they can have conversations based on honesty rather than ` fake kindness ' ` Australian 's are the nicest racists I have ever met but you have to realise we -LSB- black people -RSB- are not going to break if we start to have real conversations about difference . In fact , it will only make us stronger . ' South Africa 's apartheid illustrates a dark history of institutionalised racial discrimination that was enforced between 1948 and 1994 . The controversial race laws touched on every major aspect of life including , prohibition of marriage between non-whites and whites , the sanctioning of ` white only ' areas , the banning of political protest and the classification of all South Africans as either white , black or mixed . All coloured people were required to carry ` passbooks ' that contained a photo , fingerprints and information on accessing ` non-white ' areas . Non-compliance with race laws were dealt with harshly including fines , whipping and imprisonment . Notably in 1960 , a large group of South Africans refused to carry their passes and the government responded by declaring a state of emergency that lasted for 156 days , leaving 69 dead and 187 wounded . ` Australian 's are the nicest racists I have ever met but you have to realise we -LSB- black people -RSB- are not going to break if we start to have real conversations about difference . In fact , it will only make us stronger . '