Activated charcoal is thought to act as a ` detox ' Are you the first to jump on the latest food fad bandwagon ? Do you regularly ` detox ' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice ? Or pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berry - all in the hope of improving your cholesterol , preventing cancer and promoting weight loss ? Every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of various foods . For example , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid . More recently charcoal , freekah , spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as the latest craze in healthy eating . Each comes with its own promise , with claims of ` melting away fat cells ' , ` supercharging the metabolism ' , and ` regenerating and revitalising ' . But what is the truth ? I am often asked in clinic about fad diets and products by patients , desperate to find a quick way to shift the pounds . Some of these fads are clearly bonkers , with no scientific evidence to back them up . Others have some basis in common-sense and may be worth including in the healthy , balanced , real-food appproach to eating that is the only way to succeed in the long term . I asked Sophie Claessens , our Vavista dietitian , to pick the ` miracle ' foods from the fads ... ACTIVATED CHARCOAL . Due to its use by medical professionals in the effective treatment of toxic poisoning , some believe that taking active charcoal , often in the form of a capsule can ` detox ' the body . However it 's not as easy as that ; the charcoal will only remove certain poisons and only if they have recently been ingested and are therefore not yet absorbed . Is it worth trying ? No . Firstly , ` detoxing ' is a word my colleagues and I do n't agree with . We should be aiming for an everything in moderation approach rather than a ` binge-detox ' cycle . Secondly , activated charcoal has only been shown to be effective for acute poisoning such as certain drug-overdoses , not an accumulation of toxins over time . And what are these accumulated ` toxins ' ? Calories ? Fat ? Carbohydrates ? As far as we 're concerned , all of these contribute to a healthy balanced diet - just do n't overdo them . The spiraliser gadget turns various vegetables into spaghetti , helping to boost weight loss . SPIRALIZING . This new gadget is getting everyone in a spin . Take vegetables such as courgettes and carrots and turn them into low-carbohydrate ` spaghetti ' in just a few seconds . Great to up your veg intake , increase your fibre intake and reduce your calorie intake , but is it really a healthy addition to the kitchen ? Is it a healthy craze ? Well , yes and no . We should all be aiming to get as much veg into our diet as possible as it provides us with a low calorie source of fibre , vitamins and minerals . But be careful not to use the spiraliser vegetables as a replacement for complex starchy carbohydrates like pasta , which are required for energy and other important nutrients . If you 're topping your spaghetti dish with spiralised veg or they 're accompanying a meat and potato dish then go for it , have as much as you like . But using the spiraliser to replace carbohydrates in your diet can lead to tiredness , fluctuating weight patterns and poor concentration . FREEKAH . Quinoa is so last year ... this new grain on the block is what everyone 's talking about now . Freekeh is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove the husks , giving a smoky , nutty flavour which is popular in the Middle East . Should I give it a go ? Yes . It 's easy to cook and can be added to salads , soups and rice dishes easily and deliciously . It 's a low glycaemic index type of carbohydrate with four times the fibre count of quinoa , so will help to keep you fuller for longer and is good for heart health . It also boasts plenty of vitamins such as calcium and iron . The only downside is that it 's pretty expensive . FERMENTED FOODS . How many times have you heard about ` good bacteria ' and wondered what it 's all about ? You may also have heard about pre and probiotics . It 's all based on the principle that our bodies are absolutely filled with bacteria , most of which are good ; in fact we would n't be able to survive without them . Fermented foods , including pickled cabbage , act as a probiotic - encouraging the growth of ` good ' bacteria . So it seems right that we should treat them right by adding pre-biotics to our diet to encourage growth of the good bacteria and maybe try a daily probiotic which contain cultures of good bacteria to add to our gut population . Fermented foods such as yoghurt , cheese and Asian pickled ingredients such as Kimchi -LRB- pickled cabbage -RRB- are an example of probiotics . Are they good for me ? Yes . There 's more and more evidence to suggest that having a healthy population of bacteria is important for eveything from a smooth digestion process to preventing side-effects of antibiotic medication . Taking a daily probiotic is also fairly easy in the form of a probiotic yoghurt or yoghurt drink . SPROUTED FOODS . It 's now being claimed that the intake of sprouted wholegrains can have health benefits over and above those delivered with your plain old standard wholegrains such as rice , wheat and oats . The theory goes that we harvest our grains prematurely , not allowing them to sprout , like an onion would if left . Bone broth has a much lower salt content than shop bought soups , helping lower blood pressure . When sprouted , we are able to digest the grains more readily and absorb more nutrients such as protein , B vitamins and minerals such as iron and calcium . There 's lots of evidence emerging of their impact on health such as decreasing blood pressure and fighting diabetes . Should I invest at the supermarket ? Maybe . They may provide you with lots of vitamins and minerals which you would n't naturally yield from the standard grain , but they 're a fairly expensive product . You can also find these vitamins and minerals from a varied diet containing plenty of fruit , veg , calcium-rich dairy products -LRB- or alternatives -RRB- , wholegrains and meat , fish or alternatives . BONE BROTH . This has recently made famous by the health-conscious chefs the Hemsley sisters . In fact , it 's been around for centuries and has always been used as stock , as a base in soups and saucy dishes . It 's also well-known for its health benefits , with the bone-boiling process leaching out amino acids , collagen - for skin and bone health - and other important vitamins and minerals . Adding onions or leeks , carrots and celery , and any other old veg that you have lying around , will add antioxidants along with flavour . Shall I join the club ? Yes . Your mother , grandmother and great-grandmothers have probably been using this recipe for hundreds of years . Traditionally it is used to add flavour to dishes but it 's also a great way to add nutrients without much effort . Plus it has a much lower salt content than using shop-bought stocks , so is much better for your blood pressure . ... BUT NOW A WORD OF WARNING . Food fads are named such usually because they 're an unsustainable fashion trend . Some can even be dangerous . Have a think to yourself when you hear of the new craze ; are you being advised to ingest something which sounds inedible ? Would I find it hard to keep the changes up long-term ? If so , they 're probably not a sensible idea . Another point to remember is that just because they 're being sold in a health food or wholefoods shop , it does n't mean they 're ` healthy ' . You can still buy chocolate from these shops . Sorry to burst your bubble , but just because you buy it from a health food shop , it does n't magically become healthy . We would suggest that you do your research before rushing into anything . To find out more visit www.vavista.com .