The head of an elite Victorian private school has resigned after a photograph of him looking at pornography on his work commuter circulated on social media . Andrew Barr , principal of The Geelong College , south-west of Melbourne , was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office . The school council launched an investigation , which included a search of Mr Barr 's computer , after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat . Andrew Barr , who was Principal of Melbourne 's The Geelong College , has resigned after a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on the internet after being published on Snapchat . Chairman of the Geelong College council , Dr Hugh Seward , told the Geelong Advertiser yesterday the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards , even if the investigation found Mr Barr not to have broken any law . ` The matter was taken very seriously , ' Dr Seward said . ` Just before Easter , The Geelong College council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards . ' ` The council immediately looked into the matter and when our concerns were confirmed , Andrew Barr tendered his resignation . ' In a statement , Dr Seward thanked Mr Barr for his contribution to the school since he joined the college in 2013 . ` In the two years since his appointment , Mr Barr has made an enduring contribution to the College 's educational vision and future planning . The Council is grateful for Mr Barr 's commitment and achievement , ' he said . Chairman of the Geelong College council , Dr Hugh Seward , said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards . Mr Barr is a former chairman of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia and previously served 10 years as principal of Scotch Oakburn College in Melbourne . Dr Seward told the Geelong Advertiser the investigation confirmed Mr Barr had not broken any law and ` at no point ' did his actions affect the care provided to students . The Geelong College Council has since announced it has begun searching for a new Principal .