The three daughters of a New York SUV driver involved in a train wreck that claimed six lives claim that their mother ` is not a murderer ' . The defense from the daughters comes nearly two months after their mother Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the Westchester County town of Valhalla . Though the cause of the collision remains unknown , Danielle , Julia and Alexa Brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened . Scroll down for video . Ellen Brody 's -LRB- second from right -RRB- three daughters , Alexa -LRB- left -RRB- , Danielle -LRB- second from left -RRB- and Julia -LRB- right -RRB- Brody , have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks . Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February . Her car had gotten stuck between the railroad crossings and instead of reversing she drove on to the tracks . Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy . ` I went on Google , and I searched my mom 's name and I was just reading the comments , ' Julia told NBC 's Matt Lauer . ` And just the fact that people are like , ` You know , I do n't even feel bad for her . How could she possibly do that ? '' Julia went on to admit that she first thought that a driver had intentionally driven on to the tracks , before she knew her mother was driving . ` So I was like , `` Why ? Why ? Why would this woman do that ? ' '' When we were watching that , though , when he described the woman , I was like , `` That could 've been Mommy . '' And my sisters were just like , `` Julia , no , '' ' she said . According to investigators ' preliminary findings , Brody 's car was in the danger zone inside railroad crossing gates for about half a minute before the train hit . Brody got ahead of the crossing gate in inching traffic , then got out of her car to examine it after the gate came down and hit the back of it , a witness has said . Nearly two months after the crash Alexa -LRB- left -RRB- , Julia -LRB- center -RRB- and Danielle -LRB- right -RRB- Brody told Matt Lauer that people are still jumping to conclusions about what happened . The cause of the collision remains unknown and Brody 's daughters remain adamant that their mother never meant to hurt anyone . But then she got back in , seeming unhurried , and advanced onto the track , the witness told news outlets and investigators . The train 's engineer also told investigators that he saw the Mercedes SUV moving onto the tracks . But her daughters are adamant that their mother would n't have meant to hurt anyone . ` I know who my mom was , ' Alexa told NBC . ` I know that she would never , never intentionally hurt people . ' ` A lot of times people just want to find a reason , ' Danielle added . ` It 's just not true . It was an accident . ' And Julia put it simply : ` She 's not a murderer , ' she said . Julia -LRB- second from left -RRB- , Danielle -LRB- center -RRB- and Alexa -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with their mother Ellen -LRB- left -RRB- and father Alan Brody -LRB- second from right -RRB- , say when they Google their mother 's name , they see that commenters have been criticizing their mother . Alexa said that her mother was her best friend and that she would think of her every time she smiled . Trains hit cars on the tracks many times a year , but such crashes rarely kill train riders . Investigators emphasized in February that they want to figure out why this one did , becoming the deadliest accident in the 32-year history of one of the nation 's busiest commuter railroads . Investigators looked for any elements that may have intensified the fire , which they believe was ignited by the SUV 's gas tank . The NTSB has examined such factors as the adequacy of emergency exits , the train cars and the unusual design of the Metro-North line 's third rail . There is no barrier at the crossing between the street and the tracks where the crash occurred . MTA is considering all possible safety enhancements that would prevent deadly accidents in the future , the company 's chairman said .