The idea that your tongue is separated into ` zones ' for different tastes has been widely debunked - although the exact process taking place is still poorly understood . But now , for the first time , scientists have created a live imaging map of the tongue 's taste buds to determine what happens each time we place food in our mouths . It reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between between the five basic groups of flavours . A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . Shown is a taste bud with receptor cells -LRB- green -RRB- , blood cells -LRB- red -RRB- and collagen surrounding the bud -LRB- blue -RRB- . The research was conducted by an international team that included the Australian National University -LRB- ANU -RRB- and the Harvard Medical School . They used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse . Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse 's tongue caused different parts of it and ` flavour molecules ' to fluoresce . Penguins lost three of the five basic vertebrate tastes - sweet , bitter and the savoury , meaty taste known as umami - more than 20 million years ago and never regained them , researchers have found . Researchers say the genes were lost after cold Antarctic temperatures interfered with taste perception . University of Michigan researchers said they were surprised by the discovery . Because penguins are fish eaters , the loss of the umami taste is especially perplexing , said study leader Dr Jianzhi ` George ' Zhang , a professor in the U-M Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology . Dr Zhang suspects the sensory changes are tied to ancient climate-cooling events in Antarctica , where penguins originated . Using a method called intravital multiphoton microscopy , the scientists were then able to pick out individual taste cells within each bud . They were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns - 240 millionths of a metre -LRB- 0.0024 mm -RRB- - below the surface of the tongue . ` We 've watched live taste cells capture and process molecules with different tastes , ' said biomedical engineer Dr Steve Lee , from ANU . There are more than 2,000 taste buds on the human tongue , which can distinguish at least five tastes : salty , sweet , sour , bitter and umami - a word used to describe smooth and typically savoury , meaty sensations . However , the relationship between the many taste cells within a taste bud , and our perception of taste , has been a long-standing mystery , said Professor Seok-Hyun Yun from Harvard Medical School . ` With this new imaging tool we have shown that each taste bud contains taste cells for different tastes , ' said Professor Yun . The breakthrough complements recent studies by other research groups that identified the areas in the brain associated with taste . Interestingly , the results showed that taste cells respond not only to molecules contacting the surface of the tongue , but also to molecules in the blood circulation . The researchers used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse . Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse 's tongue caused different parts of it to fluoresce . The tongue is shown here , with taste buds in blue , among yellow papillae , or small bumps in the tongue 's tissue . Using a method called intravital multiphoton microscopy , the scientists were able to pick out individual taste cells within each taste bud . Dr Steve Lee from The Australian National University -LRB- ANU -RRB- is seen here working on a laser microscope system at the ANU Research School of Engineering . According to Assistant Professor Myunghwan -LRB- Mark -RRB- Choi from the Sungkyunkwan University in South Korea , this suggests tasting might ` involve an interaction between the food taken orally and blood composition . ' The team now hopes to develop an experiment to monitor the brain while imaging the tongue to track the full process of taste sensation . However to fully understand the complex interactions that form our basic sense of taste could take years , Dr Lee added . ` Until we can simultaneously capture both the neurological and physiological events , we ca n't fully unravel the logic behind taste , ' he said . The findings were published in the journal Nature .