A tiny Scottish hamlet named Towie is bracing itself for the world 's next gold rush - after prospectors found evidence that it sits on major deposits . The remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' for decades . Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions . A significant deposit is believed by scientists to lie somewhere near Towie which shares its name with the popular Essex reality TV show . Sleepy Towie , population 300 , has a single road , a few houses , primary school , church , graveyard and a community hall . Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and a Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation . GreenOre managing director Gavin Berkenheger , 31 , said : ` This area in Aberdeenshire has all the right hallmarks of a major deposit to be hiding underneath the surface . ` We looked at the geology and found some really exciting rocks with potential for a large deposit . ` Over two years we have found that the whole of Aberdeenshire is a ripe area for gold mineralisation . We 're just trying to locate where the gold deposit is . ' He added : ` A 3.5 million ounce gold deposit is currently being developed by Dalradian Gold in Northern Ireland . We hope to repeat this success . ' Sleepy Towie , population 300 , has a single road , a few houses , primary school , church , graveyard and a community hall . Gold was discovered by Aberdeen University in nearby Rhynie in the 1990s and has long been spotted in local streams . Gold was discovered by Aberdeen University in nearby Rhynie in the 1990s and it has long been spotted in local streams . GreenOre Gold has been working on the site for the last two years and more recently received backing from Koza , controlled by Turkish businessman Hamdi Akin Ipek . They have carried out test drills with more planned , pending pemission . Mr. Berkenheger said the the development of a gold mine was at a very early stage but claimed the area had ` enormous potential ' . Panning for gold : Local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' for decades . He added : ` We 're testing the rock and soil to sample whether it has the potential for gold beneath it . ` We 're trying to locate where this deposit will be and we will jump those hurdles when we get there . ` The only way we will know for sure is when we start drilling which we hope to be doing next year . ` Initially we will cover the area with stream sediment sampling - the old-school way . ` Then from the streams with high gold content , we will crack open any rocks we think have the potential of hosting gold . ` The mineral sector has neglected for too long in Scotland because we 're so rich with oil and gas but we do n't have to be so reliant on that because we 're also rich with mineral deposits . ' Locals said the prospect of finding gold was ` exciting ' . Peter Argyle , local councillor for Aboyne , Upper Deeside and Donside , said : ` Having gold in the area is a very exciting prospect , but it is something that will require a great deal of thought and consultation . ` I 'm only just beginning to wrap my head around it . ` At the moment I 'm neither jumping up and down or have my head in my hands in dismay . I think we need a lot more information . ' Resident Eileen Davies , 79 , said : ` We lack population so it could be good for the area . With these kinds of things some people will like it , and some people wo n't . ' Aberdeenshire Council declined to comment before the submission of planning applications and said they would ` wait to see if it comes about ' Towie resident and full-time mum Jade Anderson added : ` If it brings jobs to the community then I am all for it - but only as long as it does n't affect the farming community because that is what the area is about . ' GreenOre already has a licence from the Crown Estate to search for gold in the undulating hills between Rhynie and Aboyne . Aberdeenshire Council declined to comment before the submission of planning applications and said they would ` wait to see if it comes about ' .