Most people , when scooping a massive win on the pools or national lottery , might follow the advice of a grey-suited financial adviser and buy a good-sized house , a reasonably flash car , take a couple of nice holidays and then live off the income from what 's left . But the story of Viv Nicholson -- who died on Saturday aged 79 -- is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot . When Viv , a cake-factory worker from Castleford in Yorkshire , and her coal miner husband Keith won £ 152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 -- the equivalent of around £ 3 million today -- she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring . Scroll down for video . In the money : Viv and husbandKeith receiving their chequefrom Bruce Forsyth in 1961 . Throwing her arms wide open towards the assembled Press in the plush surroundings of the Grosvenor House Hotel in London , the petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre , declaring that the money would indeed change her life . ` Just imagine , ' grinned Nicholson . ` I am going to buy masses of dresses and suits and coats . Brigitte Bardot wo n't stand an earthly once I get cracking . There 'll be new clothes , too , and presents -- dozens of them -- for our three children . ' And then -- in a phrase that decades later became the title of a hit musical starring Barbara Dickson -- she famously announced that she was going to ` spend , spend , spend ' . Unbeknown to the media , Viv was so poor that she could n't even afford a pair of tights for the press conference , and had to borrow her sister 's . She was earning just £ 7 a week at the factory , and her husband the same amount in night shifts . When the couple got the train to London to collect their cheque , she was astonished to see so many people at King 's Cross rushing towards her compartment . ` I thought : `` Oh , I did n't realise there were so many people who wanted to catch a train , ' '' she said later . ` That is how naive I was . They were reporters . ' The story of Viv Nicholson -- who died on Saturday aged 79 -- is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot . After the cheque presentation ceremony at the Grosvenor House , she collapsed into the arms of the man who had handed the couple their massive winnings -- Bruce Forsyth . The following morning her ecstatic face and the headline ` Spend , Spend , Spend ' were plastered over nearly every newspaper in the land . Soon after breakfast , Viv was good to her word -- she went out and started on her mission . For her new wardrobe , there was only one place to go -- across Hyde Park to Harrods . And of course , in the style of every pools and lottery winner , Viv bought the car of her dreams . In her case , the motor was as ostentatious as her bumptious personality -- a pink Cadillac . And she dyed her hair to match . The couple quickly moved out of their semi-detached council house on Kershaw Avenue , and into an £ 11,000 upmarket sprawling ranch-style bungalow complete with swimming pool in the well-to-do Leeds suburb of Garforth . ` The neighbours hated us and our noise , ' she admitted . ` Mind you , we did party , party , party ... ' The children were sent to private schools -- the one sensible thing she did was to set up a trust to pay for their education -- and Keith even bought a racehorse . It was a display of feckless extravagance at odds with an early Sixties Britain yet to escape the shadow of Fifties austerity . For a short while , all seemed well , and the family travelled through the U.S. and Europe , when such globetrotting seemed impossibly exotic . But without anyone to guide them -- the counselling on offer to today 's lottery winners was nowhere to be seen -- the young couple were overwhelmed by the wealth those eight score-draws had brought them . Their new home , which they called Ponderosa after the ranch in TV western Bonanza , was the scene of riotous parties and its built-in cocktail bar was an unheard of luxury for the mid-Sixties . The couple 's propensity for bubbly was such that Viv was known to wash in it . When they were n't partying at home , they were knocking it back at the local pub , the Miners Arms . Viv also claimed they had to buy a new luxury car every six months , as she pranged them so often . ` I used them to learn to drive . I was awful at reversing and would always reverse into somebody 's plant pot or door . ' Their spending was frittered away not just on motors , but on clothes and a lifestyle to match . Their new-found fame bought access to the celebrities of their day , and the couple rubbed shoulders with the likes of Leonard Rossiter , Joan Collins and even Mae West . And they had to look the part . Viv Nicholson pictured outside the West-End production of ` Spend Spend Spend ' in 2000 . For some , Viv 's behaviour encapsulated the nascent consumer culture that was heralded by Harold Macmillan 's famous words from a few years before that the British people had ` never had it so good ' . Although Viv was undeniably susceptible to such commercial pressures , there were other problems . ` When we first won the money all we did was drink , ' she admitted . ` I used to fall over , I was falling from one table of drinks to the next for the first month or two . ' As well as struggling to cope with their excessive penchant for alcohol , both Keith and Viv struggled to adjust to a strange new social life . Old friends and neighbours were jealous of their wealth and resentful of their hedonistic lifestyle . It did n't help that Viv had a temper , and she and Keith often fought . ` Keith hated it , ' she later confessed . ` I used to throw things at him when I lost my rag . ' But such incidents would soon seem trivial . In January 1965 , Keith was killed after losing control of his powder-blue Jaguar on the A1 , and skidding down an embankment . Keith 's uncle , Frank , also died . That crash not only robbed Viv of a husband , but it also took away what remained of their wealth . Barbara Dickson -LRB- left -RRB- , star of the musical Spend Spend Spend and Viv Nicholson , upon whose life story the musical was based . By then , the couple had blown half of their winnings , and in the wake of his death , Harold Wilson 's Labour Government with its punitive tax system helped itself in death duties to the remaining half . ` Even his watch , ' Viv would bitterly recall . Within little more than four years , Viv had gone from rags to riches to rags again . What she did have left were her looks and a certain celebrity , so she soon found herself singing Big Spender -- what else ? -- in a strip club in Manchester . However , the managers wanted more from Viv than just her voice , and insisted she should strip at the end of the song . Viv agreed , but only if she could keep her underwear on . Her request was refused , but Viv was defiant . ` I kept my knickers and bra on , ' she recalled . ` I was frogmarched into the back and told : `` You 'll do it properly tomorrow or you 're sacked . ' '' Viv still refused to strip , and the following night was indeed sacked . ` I earned £ 50 , which did n't even cover the petrol there and back , ' she said , ` I could n't do it ; I was n't a stripper . ' Viv also spent time with lawyers to claw back some of the fortune taken by the taxman . She recovered a few thousand , quickly spent in the way that Viv knew best -- on booze and the high life . To find some security , Viv remarried , and did so in her unique style three times in quick succession . She moved to Malta to start a new life , but a punch-up with a policeman put paid to that , and she was deported . Without a bean and back in Castleford , Viv tried to commit suicide , and was admitted to a mental institution . But soon she picked herself up , as she always had . In 1977 , she published her autobiography called -- naturally -- Spend , Spend , Spend . This was turned into a BBC play , in which Viv was memorably portrayed by actress Susan Littler . In 2011 , she suffered a stroke , after which she was afflicted by dementia . But , despite it all , Viv never rued a single day . In 1984 , Morrissey , lead singer of The Smiths , selected a vintage photo of Viv to grace the sleeve of the band 's latest single , Heaven Knows I 'm Miserable Now . And in 1999 , that West End musical took off , earning Viv a hefty £ 100,000 in royalties . One might have thought that by then Viv would have learned her lesson . But no , she spent it , mostly on drink , which nearly killed her . After a spell in hospital , she recovered , and found stability in becoming a Jehovah 's Witness and working in a perfume shop in Wakefield . In 2011 , she suffered a stroke , after which she was afflicted by dementia . But , despite it all , Viv never rued a single day . ` Would I do it all again -- you bet I flaming would , ' she said . ` I bought designer clothes , I travelled , I gave my kids a good education and I had a ball . I 've packed more into my life than 20 people . I have no regrets . ' Of course , it is easy for us to judge how Viv spent her life . For while her story is a parable on the perils of avarice , and how money really does n't buy happiness , it is also a lesson in the corrupting influence of celebrity . Famous and feted as she was , her money brought more entertainment for the rest of us than it did for her . Even so , is n't there a part of us all that wants to do as she did -- to throw off the shackles of responsibility and convention , and spend , spend , spend ?