When Stacey Johnson was diagnosed with a brain tumour , her whole family was heartbroken . The pain of a cancer diagnosis never went away , but after eight years of battling the condition , they cared for her and began to live with the disease . But though she had experienced enough grief , Stacey Johnson was soon delivered another cruel blow - doctors discovered her younger sister Dannii also had a growth in her brain . Stacey , now 22 , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 and has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy . Her sister , Dannii , now 20 , helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years , and became her full-time carer last year . Stacey Johnson -LRB- left -RRB- , 22 , from Much Hadham , Hertfordshire , had just been told her brain tumour had grown when she was dealt another blow - her sister Dannii , 20 , also had a tumour . Stacey -LRB- left -RRB- and Dannii -LRB- right -RRB- have grown up sharing their toys and clothes , and now find themselves both battling ill . In December 2014 , Stacey was told her brain tumour , called an astrocytoma , had grown . The family , who live in Much Hadham , Hertfordshire , began to process this frightening news , wondering what treatment Stacey would now have to undergo . But they then suffered another shock -- as Dannii was diagnosed with a brain tumour . She had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches , so had gone to her doctor who had referred her for tests that confirmed there was a growth in her brain . She describes her surprise at being told her headaches were being caused by a brain tumour . Dannii said : ` I had never expected it to be a tumour . ` I have been with Stacey through it all and it never even occurred that me that that 's what it could be . ` I was really shocked when they told me , but I just got on with it really . Dannii had been Stacey 's full time carer since last year , but began to suffer headaches and feel ill . She was shocked to discover she too had a tumour , although hers is benign . Stacey has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago , and has undergone gruelling chemotherapy . She is pictured here with her sister in 2012 . ` I was down for a few days after I was diagnosed , but I thought I ca n't do anything about it , so I just thought I had to get on with it . ' Stacey , who is due start her next round of chemotherapy soon , said the news was so shocking it did n't seem real . She said : ` It sort of felt like a dream and I thought I was going to wake up from it . ` She is one of those types of people who just gets on with it . We are helping each other through it . ' The sisters live with their mother , Sharon , 47 , their father Brian , 48 , and brother Charlie , 28 . They were both born with neurofibromatosis type 1 -LRB- NF1 -RRB- - a condition that causes café au lait spots -LRB- flat brown birthmarks -RRB- on the skin , freckles in unusual places , and benign lumps and bumps . One third of people with the condition will have one or more medical complication during their lifetime , which can include either benign or cancerous brain tumours . However , it is unclear whether the NF1 is related to the sisters ' growths , and they say they have been told there probably is no link . Dannii is now awaiting a scan to see if it has grown and what the best course of treatment will be . Both sisters were born with neurofibromatosis type 1 - a condition that causes benign lumps and bumps , although they do not know if it is related to their development of brain tumours . Dannii said she was shocked when she too was diagnosed . She said : ` I have been with Stacey through it all and it never even occurred that me that that 's what it could be . The sisters are pictured in 1997 . She has been told her tumour is not cancerous , and is classed as Grade 1 , the lowest risk . However , her mother , Sharon Johnson , 47 , is worried the tumour could grow and endanger her health . Mrs Johnson , a housekeeper , said : ` I thought it was a joke when they first told us , I just could n't believe how this could happen to us again . ` They started to explain more about it and I realised it was nothing like Stacey 's . ` Dannii 's is at the front of her brain and Stacey 's is right at the back . ' They have now set up a charity providing days out for children with terminal illnesses . Doctors say Dannii does not need surgery yet , but Mrs Johnson said when Stacey was first diagnosed with a tumour , doctors believed it was benign . She wants Dannii to have the tumours removed , so that it can not grow and turn into cancer . She said : ` First of all they said they would take it out , but then they did a biopsy and found it was n't cancerous , so they have decided to monitor for the next few months . ` I am annoyed that they 're not doing anything . ` Exactly the same thing happened with Stacey , they said it was n't cancerous but then it grew within three months . ` If they just take it out now then it would n't have the chance to grow . ` They 've said that surgery is dangerous and they only do it when absolutely necessary though . ' In an effort to help others in the same situation , Stacey has set up a charity called `` Kisses for Kids '' providing days out for children with terminal or long term illness . The two sisters now spend their time fund-raising for it . Sarah Lindsell , chief executive of The Brain Tumour Charity , said : ` A brain tumour diagnosis is a huge shock for anyone . ` For a family to experience it twice is extraordinarily cruel and our hearts go out to the Johnsons . ` For the sake of all of those like Stacey and Dannii whose lives are turned upside down by a brain tumour , we are absolutely determined to improve treatments through research and raise awareness of this devastating disease . '