A scientist says he expects to live to 150 after uncovering the secrets of how to slow down the ageing process . Dr Alex Zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks , while shunning marriage , children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead . Scroll down for video . Healthy living : Dr Alex Zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . A director of the UK-based Biogerontology Research Foundation think tank , which is dedicated to longer life and improving the health of the elderly , Dr Zhavoronkov remains confident that his lifestyle will allow him to reach the 150-year milestone . He also makes sure he is administered with vaccines as soon as they are available , according to The Sunday Telegraph , while monitoring his blood biochemistry and cell counts . ` All of the supercentenarians alive today lived through tough times , when no antibiotics were available and our understanding of human biology was not that far from the Stone Age , ' he said . ` I think that in two to three years we will have effective pharmacological solutions based on already approved drugs that will help people remain younger and healthier until other advances in regenerative medicine and gene therapy become available . ' Secret to long life : Dr Zhavoronkov is combining drugs and supplements with frequent health checks -LRB- pictured -RRB- and regular exercise as part of his quest for longevity . He is confident he can live to 150 years old . According to the Office for National Statistics , a boy born in the UK today is expected to live to 78.8 years and a girl to 82.8 years . Many health experts think most people can exceed that by walking regularly , cutting down on fat , sugar and salt in their diets and using existing drugs such as statins . In fact , Austrian researchers said a few weeks ago that old age begins at 74 , such has been the advancement in medicine and health .