Lewis Hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the Formula One season , taking his brother Nicolas out for a spin out in LA . The two-time Formula One world champion took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish Shelby Cobra . The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the Mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of LA 's busiest freeways . Nicolas Hamilton takes a selfie with his brother Lewis whilst the pair take a ride in the LA sunshine . Nicolas posted to his Facebook page : ` All in Red today for my last day in LA , chillin & relaxing ahead of an exciting year ! # BTCC ' The 23-year-old younger half-brother of Lewis , who suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy , posted the first image above image on his facebook page , with the caption : ` Had a great day today cruising with my bro in LA . Heading back to the UK now for my #BTCC preparations . ' Nicolas , who raced in the Renault Clio Cup in 2011 and 2012 , will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at Croft Circuit in June . It is exciting times in the Hamilton household , and Nicolas ' elder brother Lewis , who has already achieved a first-place podium finish in Australia , China and Bahrain this year , was keen to share the moment of brotherly romance on his Instagram account . Accompanying the first picture below , he wrote : ` Cruising around with my bro in my 1966 all original 427 Shelby Cobra , after a great weekend in LA ! Heading to Santa Monica ! #HamBros #SunnyCalifornia #TeamLH @nicolashamilton . ' The Hamilton brothers enjoy some down time on one of LA 's freeways ahead of a busy schedule of racing . Another post on Hamilton 's Instagram reads : ` No days off ! #HardWork #TeamLH #TrainHard #NeverGiveUp ' Boy racers Lewis and Nicolas Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- in the Mercedes garage .