Millwall left Ewood Park down , almost out , and in danger of needing snookers to avoid relegation from the Championship . One source of salvation could yet come in the form of a three-point deduction for Rotherham when a Football League disciplinary commission rules on whether they fielded an ineligible player against Brighton on Easter Monday . But even that might not be enough . The result leaves Neil Harris 's side four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham with two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing Derby and Wolves . Rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference . Rudy Gestede -LRB- centre -RRB- scores the opening goal for Blackburn as he fires past the helpless David Forde . Goals certainly make a difference and , in Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes , Blackburn have two players that Millwall simply do not . Gestede , scorer of a hat-trick against Nottingham Forest here on Saturday , took his tally for the season to 20 in the 78th minute , despatching a clinical right-foot shot into the top corner after Craig Conway 's cross found its way to him on the edge of the six-yard box . Rhodes is just behind on 19 goals after coming on as a substitute to make sure of victory , steering his shot past a stranded David Forde in the third minute of added time after the keeper had gone forward in the search for an equaliser . The big striker bagged goal number 20 for the season as he continues his excellent form for Rovers . BLACKBURN -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Steele 7 ; Marshall 5.5 , Spurr 6 , Kilgallon 6.5 -LRB- Lenihan 37 , 6.5 -RRB- , Olsson 6 ; Conway 8 , Spearing 6 , Evans 6.5 , Taylor 6 -LRB- Cairney 71 , 7 -RRB- ; Brown 6 -LRB- Rhodes 71 , 7 -RRB- , Gestede 6.5 . Subs : Eastwood , Henley , Williamson , O'Sullivan . Scorers : Gestede 78 , Rhodes 90 +3 . MILLWALL -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Forde 6 ; Dunne 6.5 , Nelson 5.5 , Beevers 6 , Harding 5 -LRB- Taylor-Fletcher 83 -RRB- ; Bailey 5.5 , Abdou 5 ; Gueye 5 -LRB- Cowan-Hall 61 , 5.5 -RRB- , O'Brien 6.5 , Woolford 6 ; Fuller 6.5 -LRB- Gregory 61 , 6 -RRB- . Subs : Archer , Hooiveld , Martin , Powell . Booked : Cowan-Hall . Referee : Nigel Miller . Star man : Craig Conway . In contrast , Millwall 's two leading scorers -- Ricardo Fuller and Lee Gregory -- have just six apiece . The failings in front of goal were all too apparent on Tuesday night . ` Their two goalscorers have scored more than my whole squad , ' lamented Harris . ` It 's clear to see why they won 2-0 . ` The team were excellent but we did n't take our chances . Before tonight we had to win two games to stay in the division . We need six or seven points so my thoughts still have n't changed . ' Millwall 's best chance fell to substitute Paris Cowan-Hall in the 68th minute . He was clean through on goal after Blackburn were caught out by Alan Dunne 's long ball forward , but goalkeeper Jason Steele rushed off his line to block . Rovers , who lost captain Matt Kilgallon to injury in the first half and had to play debutant Darragh Lenihan in central defence , had their fair share of chances , but it needed a touch of class to make the difference . Gestede and Rhodes provided it for Blackburn . Jordan Rhodes slots home the second in injury time to make Millwall 's survival aspirations look impossible . Rhodes celebrated being named in the Football League team of the decade with the second goal . Neil Harris ' side look almost condemned to relegation from the Championship with two games to still to play . Manager Gary Bowyer is realistic enough to know that they might not both be at Ewood next season . ` I understand the business we 're in , ' he said . ` Liverpool sold Luis Suarez and no doubt there will be people leaving bigger clubs than Blackburn Rovers in the summer . But you 've seen with Jordan and Rudy this season , if the owners ' valuation is not met , then we wo n't sell them . ' Magaye Gueye -LRB- left -RRB- and Jay Spearing compete for the ball during Blackburn 's win at Ewood Park .