Everton manager Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease striker Romelu Lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to . The Belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to Burnley . Considering the workload the 21-year-old has had over the last 10 months , taking in the World Cup in Brazil and then heading straight into a Premier League and European campaign , there may have been a temptation to let their top scorer have a more restful end to the season with the Toffees having nothing to play for . Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Romelu Lukaku -LRB- pictured -RRB- back in even if he wanted to . Everton striker Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend . However , Martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince him to take it easy , even if he was inclined to protect his striker from more injuries before the end of the campaign . ` I think it would be near-enough impossible to keep Rom away from the football pitch at this stage . It 's not in his nature , ' said the Spaniard . ` Someone like Rom needs to be on the football pitch . He is only 21 and I do n't think there is any need for that at all . ` If I am completely honest I think he has been suffering a lot in the last seven to 10 days that he has been injured and away from the team . ` Rom belongs on the pitch , working for the team and scoring goals and becoming important and I do n't think there is a strong case to rest him now . ` What we have to make sure is when he gets involved with Belgium in June he gets a proper break and he can recover and regenerate and get ready for next season . ' Lukaku struggled to find his form in the first half of the season after the World Cup and he had only two goals to his name by mid-October . In 26 appearances up to and including January 1 he scored just seven times , but Martinez believes once he regained full sharpness there was a significant change . That is backed up by his statistics since January 1 as he has scored 11 in 16 matches . Martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince striker Lukaku to take it easy . Everton manager Martinez pictured at the Liberty Stadium where his side drew 1-1 with Swansea City . ` I think there have been two clear different periods , ' added Martinez . ` Coming back from the World Cup was a really tough moment from a physical point of view to get back to his best level . ` We worked really hard to get him back to the level and from the last week of December there was a real change for someone like him who relies on his physical capability . ` I thought he hit the best level and from that point on we have seen a completely different Romelu : someone who was in control of his movements and then the power and pace was very effective . ` He has always been a clinical goalscorer and I think his level has generally been quite impressive . ' In four Europa League ties in the knockout stage Lukaku scored seven times , including a hat-trick against Young Boys in Switzerland . With 18 goals in total this season he is Everton 's leading scorer by some considerable margin -LRB- Steven Naismith and Kevin Mirallas have nine apiece -RRB- . Martinez believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden which comes with his £ 28million price tag . Lukaku pictured scoring for Dynamo Kiev in the Europa League round of 16 at Goodison Park previously . Martinez believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden which comes with his £ 28million price tag . Martinez will try to get Everton three points in their push for the top half of the table on Saturday . ` What he has done in Europe and what he has done as a young man , taking responsibility for the team , has been very impressive , ' he said . ` He is only 21 and it is only his second full season in an important role in a team playing a lot of minutes . ` Last season he managed to play 20 full games , I expect him to play more than that this season and that will be an incredible step forward to grow and develop . ` Since January we have been delighted with his performances but I must admit since the start of the season I have been delighted with his attitude as he has taken responsibility and grown so quickly . ` When you see Rom play now you would never say he was 21 years old . '