A Florida woman , 21 , has been charged with driving under the influence manslaughter after she allegedly hit and killed a 13-year-old girl who was sitting in the street in February , police said . When Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller allegedly struck and killed Trinity Backmann on February 28 in Apopka , her blood alcohol content level was over the legal driving limit , police revealed after a month-long investigation . Her BAC levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , lab tests showed . The legal limit in Florida is 0.08 . Mackenzi Miller -LRB- left and right -RRB- , of Apopka , Florida , was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing 13-year-old Trinity Bachmann . Miller 's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , while Florida 's legal driving limit is 0.08 . Trinity Bachmann was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when both of them were struck by the car . Miller was booked into the Orange County Jail on Thursday after turning herself in and is out on a $ 3,500 bond , according to the Orlando Sentinel . Trinity was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when she was killed , police said . Trinity and her mother , Janice Pedroza , 36 , were heading home from dropping one of the girl 's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at about 8.30 pm . After an argument about who would sit in the front seat , Trinity said she would walk home and got out of the vehicle , police said . Trinity -LRB- left and right -RRB- and her mother , Janice Pedroza , 36 , were on their way home from the Central Florida Fair , where Trinity was planning to show her pig as part of the Future Farmers of America program . Trinity and her mother had been arguing over who would sit in the front seat of the car when Trinity said she 'd walk home , got out of the car and sat in the street . Pedroza had gotten out of the car to move her when they were struck . She eventually sat in the middle of the road , which is when Pedroza got out of the vehicle and tried to get Trinity to get back into the car , which she refused , police said . As they were arguing in the street , Miller allegedly struck both of them with her vehicle , injuring Pedroza and killing Trinity . Police said Miller reeked of alcohol , had glassy , bloodshot eyes and had an open bottle of Mike 's Hard Lemonade in the car . Police said Miller reeked of alcohol and had an open bottle of Mike 's Hard Lemonade in the car when she allegedly struck Trinity , pictured right with her sister Ana Cruz -LRB- left -RRB- , with her car . Trinity 's sister Ana Cruz said that her sister was her best friend and that her family needed ` to be strong ' to get through the tragedy . She also faces a DUI while causing injury charge . Trinity 's sister , Ana Cruz , said that her sister was her best friend . ` We talked about boys and makeup . We did our nails , ' she told WESH in March . ` I was told that God takes the ones he needs and he needed her . We have to be strong and be together . ' Trinity was at the Central Florida Fair for a Future Farmers of America program , where she was preparing to show her pig , Robin . A memorial still sits on the side of the road near where Trinity and Pedroza were hit . One message says ` I 'm gon na miss you so much ! I miss you baby girl ! Rest in peace '