A northern Indiana pizzeria that closed after its owner said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened Thursday to a full house of friends , regulars and people wanting to show their support . ` It 's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal , ' said Kevin O'Connor , owner of Memories Pizza . O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , Crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . The law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of Indiana . Scroll down for video . Full house : Many customers wait for service as Memories Pizza reopened for business on Thursday . A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours . Owner Kevin O'Connor closed the shop -LRB- seen on Tuesday -RRB- for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , Crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . O'Connor , the 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring . Crystal O'Connor said the amount of money was overwhelming . O'Connor said the criticism has n't changed his beliefs . He said gays are welcome in his restaurant in the small , one-traffic-light town of Walkerton , 20 miles southwest of South Bend , but that he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding because it would conflict with his Christian beliefs . ` I 'd do the same thing again . It 's my belief . It 's our belief . It 's what we grew up on , ' he said . ` I 'm just sorry it comes to this because neither one of us dislike any of those people . I do n't hold any grudges . ' A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours . O'Connor said he has n't received the money yet , but said he plans to give some to charity and use some money to make improvements to the restaurant . The 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring . ` I enjoy it . I do n't want to leave here , ' he said . ` I want this to be something that my daughter can enjoy . ' Crystal O'Connor said the amount of money was overwhelming . Anger : A protester is seen outside Memories Pizza in this photo with a sign that reads ` Bigots ' Uproar : Protesters -LRB- like the ones seen here on March 28 -RRB- have been upset over Indiana passing a new law , which critics said allows businesses the ability to refuse service to gay customers on religious grounds . The law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of Indiana . Family : O'Connor , seen with his daughter Crystal , says gays are welcome in his restaurant , but he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding because it would conflict with his beliefs . The restaurant reopened about 4 p.m. Thursday . O'Connor says that within an hour , all eight tables were filled and six people were waiting for carryout orders . ` We were like , ` Stop ! Stop ! Stop ! ' '' she said . ` It was really making us uncomfortable , ' her father said . The restaurant reopened about 4 p.m. Thursday . He says that within an hour , all eight tables were filled and six people were waiting for carryout orders . There were no protests as of 7 p.m. Jeanne and Ken Gumm from outside LaPorte , about 20 miles northwest of Walkerton , said they had been waiting for the pizzeria to reopen so they could show their support . ` We could n't wait to get down here , '' said Ken Gumm , 66 , a tank truck driver . ` To us this whole thing is n't about gay marriage . It 's mostly about freedom of religion . '