It may be a far cry from an opening day of an Ashes Test in Sydney or a tour date in St Lucia , but former England bowler Steve Harmison seems to be doing a fine job with Ashington AFC . After shocking the sporting world by taking the job with the Northern League Division One side in the ninth tier of English football , the local lad , 36 , has now won seven on the spin with his club side . Recent victories against West Allotment Celtic , Penrith and Celtic Nation were particularly impressive , Harmison is only looking up as a football coach . Steve Harmison seems to be doing a fine job at Ashington AFC and has led them to seven wins on the spin . Harmison celebrates with Andrew Strauss during a Ashes Test at the Oval in 2009 . And former England skipper has supported his former England team-mate , posting a tongue-in-cheek tweet on Tuesday night : ' -LRB- sic -RRB- Hearing @Harmy611 has now won 7 on the bounce as Ashington Manager ... . Mike Ashley will come calling soon ... ' Current Newcastle boss John Carver says he has invited Harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team , who are reeling from a 1-0 derby day defeat to Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Harmison though , is having no such troubles . When he took on the job , Ashington were 17th ub the league - now , they are the form side and are comfortable in mid-table . The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side . After Saturday 's victory against Crook Town , Harmison was targeting even more success , his players not settling for just the three points . ` The positive thing is that despite winning 4-1 , the players are disappointed , ' he said . ` All in all it was a good 90 minutes for Ashington FC . It 's a results business and we have kept the run going . ' Harmison , who took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009 , played for Ashington briefly as a teenager . Harmison poses with the Ashington AFC scarf ahead of a Northern League Division One match .