Boca Juniors set up a mouthwatering Copa Libertadores last-16 clash with fierce rivals River Plate after a 2-0 victory over Palestino to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record . Leandro Marin headed the Argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute but a lengthy delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time , with Jonatan Calleri sealing all three points in the 11th minute of time added on . Victory over their Chilean opponents ensured Boca finish as the highest seeds of the competition - with no other teams winning all of their group games - while no second placed team can finish on less points than River . VIDEO Scroll down to watch Copa Libertadores Highlights : Boca Juniors 2-0 Palestino . Leandro Marin -LRB- left -RRB- gave Boca Juniors the lead with a headed finish in the final minute . Boca scored another late goal in injury time as they secured a 2-0 victory against Chilean side Palestino . Rodolfo Arruabarrena 's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16 . It sets up a Superclasico date and Boca boss Rodolfo Arruabarrena said : ` It will be tough and exhausting . We are confident in our team and we will try to do things right to go on in the cup . ' Wanderers also sealed their place in the last-16 after cruising to a 3-0 victory at Zamora to finish second , behind Boca , in the group . Matias Santo opened the scoring in the 34th minute for the Uruguayan visitors , while Nicolas Albarracin doubled their lead just after the hour mark before Gaston Rodriguez made sure there was no way back for their Venezuelan hosts . River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over Bolivian side San Jose on Wednesday . Internacional thumped Universidad de Chile 4-0 to go top of Group Four with one round to go . Nilmar opened the scoring in the ninth minute and then added another just after the half hour after Eduardo Sasha had doubled the Brazilian side 's lead , with Valdivia sealing a comfortable win on the hour . Brazilian outfit Corinthians made sure of top spot in Group Two following a goalless draw with reigning champions San Lorenzo , who sit third and must hope they beat Danubio next week and Corinthians beat Sao Paulo . Brazilian international Nilmar scored for Internacional as they thumped Universidad de Chile 4-0 .