A two-year-old girl who died from a brain tumour has been frozen - in the hope she will one day be revived by advances in science . Matheryn Naovaratpong , from Thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April after she failed to wake up one morning , Motherboard 's Brian Merchant reports . After being admitted to a Bangkok hospital , tests revealed she had a 11 cm tumour in the left side of her brain . Scroll down for video . Matheryn Naovaratpong , from Thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . Doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma , a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young . The outlook was bleak from the start - the disease has a five-year survival rate of 30 per cent . To make matters worse , Matheryn - known to her family as Einz - had fallen into a coma . After a months of intensive treatment , including 12 rounds of brain surgery , 20 chemotherapy treatments , and 20 radiation therapy sessions , it became clear there was little more doctors could do . She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine . By the time she passed away , she had lost 80 per cent of the left side of her brain - essentially paralysing the right side of her body . But determined for some good to come from her death , her family have had her body cryogenically preserved - by one of the biggest providers of this service in the world . Matheryn is currently at the Arizona-based Alcor , her brain and body frozen separately at 196C . Her family 's main - although many would argue , far fetched - hope is that one day , science will have progressed enough to restore life to her . Alternatively , her parents want the cells from her brain and other parts of her body to be saved , so the disease that killed her can be studied in the future . Aside from the huge number of ` what ifs ' , there is the cost . ` Membership ' to Alcor costs $ 770 a year - plus a rather more hefty $ 80,000 for a ` neuro ' -LRB- the procedure Matheryn had -RRB- or £ 200,000 to have a full body frozen . Alcor is also where the bodies of famous baseball player Ted Williams , as well as his son John Henry Williams , are stored . ` It -LSB- the freezing -RSB- provides the opportunity for Matheryn to breathe again when the technology is provided and appropriate for her disease , ' said her father , who found out about the cryopreservation firm on the internet . The procedure involves moving the patient onto an ice bed , coating them in freezing materials and artificially restarting the heart with a `` heart-lung-resuscitator '' . Over a dozen different medications are administered before blood is drained from the body and replaced with medical-grade antifreeze , . The chest cavity is then opened to attach the major blood vessels to a machine that flushes out all remaining blood , then slowly lowering the body 's temperature , at a rate of 1 ˚ Celsius every hour . After two weeks , the body reaches deep cryofreeze at -196 ˚ C . But as a family of doctors , they are hopeful , rather than unrealistically optimistic . And as Matheryn 's doctor pointed out : ` Her life was made possible by modern science in the first place - she was carried by a surrogate because her mother had lost her uterus birthing a son . ' The family also feels there are ` still considerable frontiers left to be examined when it comes to medicine and human physiology . ` They did n't want their daughter 's life to end in vain , ' Aaron Drake , Alcor 's medical response director told Motherboard . ` They 're hoping that by preserving the tissue cells of this particular cancer , they can come up with a better treatment plan , and maybe even eventually cure it . If you look at the global picture of what they 're trying to accomplish , it 's very altruistic . ' But the process of cryogenically freezing the toddler was n't just an emotional rollercoaster , but a logistical one , too . In an ideal world , she would have been flown to Arizona . But Matheryn 's health was so poor and when she ended up on a ventilator , air travel became impossible . Instead , a doctor from Alcor flew to Thailand and , as soon as she was pronounced dead - at 6.18 pm on that January evening - preservation of her body began . Matheryn is currently at the Arizona-based Alcor , her brain and body frozen separately.Her family 's main - although many would argue , far fetched - hope is that one day , science will have progressed enough to restore life to her . Usually , the brain would be removed from the body and then frozen . But customs and repatriation issues to the US meant it was easier , according to Mr Drake , to undertake cryoprotective perfusion of Matheryn 's brain in Thailand . ` The team decided to do so without separating her brain from the rest of the body , ' he said . The procedure ` involves moving the patient onto an ice bed , coating her in freezing materials and artificially restarting the heart with a `` heart-lung-resuscitator '' . Over a dozen different medications are administered before blood is drained from the body and replaced with medical-grade antifreeze , . Alcor 's mission , according to the company website , is as follows ... ` The preservation of individual lives , to be sought through the following prioritized list of fundamentals : . Maintain the current patients in biostasis . Place current and future members into biostasis -LRB- when and if needed -RRB- . Eventually restore to health and reintegrate into society all patients in Alcor 's care . Fund research into developing more cost effective and reliable means for 1-3 above . Provide public education as a means of fostering growth to support the goals of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 above . ' So far , the company has performed over 130 cryopreservations . The chest cavity is then opened to attach the major blood vessels to a machine that flushes out all remaining blood , then slowly lowering the body 's temperature , at a rate of 1 ˚ Celsius every hour . After two weeks , the body reaches deep cryofreeze at -196 ˚ C. Matheryn underwent a procedure called a ` neuro ' . This is where the the brain is removed and stored , rather than the whole body . It is now sitting in a stainless steel , vacuum-insulated container in Arizona filled with liquid nitrogen at -196 ˚C . But the question still remains as to how - if science did eventually progress enough - any frozen body would actually be revived . ` We know we can regenerate a small organ , and grow a new heart , ' said Mr Drake . ` We know we can 3-dimensionally print cells and hearts . So at some point we would need to regenerate her entire body , or at least her organs , and put it all together . ` Then we 'd need to transplant that brain into a new body . ' However a growing number of people are showing interest in the pioneering technology . ` Our market is growing , ' Mr Drake told Motherboard 's Brian Merchant . ` The younger generation is more accustomed to seeing changes in technology . Any thing you can come up with , six months later , there 's an app for it . ` The younger generation sees this and thinks ` sure why not ' ? - they can figure everything else out , so why not this ? They feel this is kind of an inevitable thing . ' And for Matheryn 's family , it provides peace of mind and gives them some solace from the tragedy of her death . ` At least , we devoted her life and body for the progress and development of science , ' said her mother , Nareerat . ` This is also another treat for our family , we know that she 's alive although we have been separated . '