Former Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira expects his compatriot Jose Mourinho to remain in charge at Stamford Bridge for ` a long , long time ' . The Portuguese manager , 52 , is leading the Blues towards their fourth Barclays Premier League title in his second stint at Stamford Bridge - two championships arrived during his original tenure . Retired right-back Ferreira , who followed Mourinho from Porto in 2004 before spending nine years in west London , believes his countryman 's desire to succeed with Chelsea knows no bounds . Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title during two spells with Chelsea . Former defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Chelsea for a long , long time . He said : ` When you are at this club you want to win titles and for next season it will be the same . The motivation is to win trophies . ` He wants to succeed and do well , for how long I do not know . I think everyone at the club wants him to stay for a long , long time . ` I think everyone would like to see him in control for many years but in football , anything can happen . ' While Mourinho remains the toast of SW6 and still has two years on his latest Chelsea contract , another recently returned club favourite could be on his way out this summer . Didier Drogba has scored only three league goals since rejoining on a one-year contract last July , but Ferreira hopes the Ivorian striker , now 37 , gets to experience a 10th season with the Blues . Former Portugal international Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge . Speaking on behalf of club sponsors Gazprom , Ferreira added : ` I would love to see him stay for another season but I do n't know what he wants or what the club wants from him . ` Let 's see what happens at the end of the season . ` He has the motivation to keep winning and keep playing and I want to hear what happens at the end of the season . ' Ferreira played for Chelsea for nine years after following Mourinho from Porto in 2004 . Ferreira has been kept busy representing Chelsea as their European youth league ambassador but is also taking his coaching badges . The 36-year-old has not ruled out pursuing a role within the Blues ' training set-up at Cobham . He added : ` I 've just finished my -LRB- UEFA -RRB- B licence so I need two more years to finish , I hope . ` At the moment I 'm just concentrating on finishing and then let 's see what happens . It 's just important to have it and then , who knows ? ' Paulo Ferreira was speaking on behalf of Gazprom , the energy behind Chelsea FC and a funding partner of the Chelsea Foundation Pimlico Premier League Kicks programme .