A daredevil climber known as the ` French Spiderman ' has scaled the world 's tallest twisted skyscraper -- without a safety harness . French climber Alain Robert climbed Dubai 's 1,007 ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk , which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist , for assistance . Hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees . Alain Robert climbed the tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk , which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist . The 52-year-old has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world . Robert , who has suffered numerous falls during previous climbs , took an hour and a half to scale the high-rise building in the United Arab Emirates . The climb was captured on video and shows the daredevil ascending at 8.25 pm without a harness while struggling to find space for his feet on the narrow ledges . A spotlight follows his progress as spectators below look up and film the stunt on their camera phones and Robert makes his way over a hanging ledge . The French daredevil set off at 8.25 pm and the climb took him an hour and a half to complete . Hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower . At one point Robert stands from the building and waves a flag in homage to real estate developers , Cayan Group , who gave him permission to climb the tower . Previously Robert has been arrested , imprisoned and banned from locations across the world including London 's Shard for illegal ascent . The climbing feat is not the first to be achieved by the French Spiderman in Dubai . Robert has previously been arrested , imprisoned and banned from locations across the world for illegal ascent . Sense of scale : A spotlight follows the daredevil 's progression as he makes his way up the buidling . In 2011 , Robert scaled the world 's tallest tower , the Burj Khalifa , which stands at 2,717 ft , in just over six hours . The daredevil used a rope and a harness on this occasion however , in compliance with regulations set by the organiser .