John Howard , 66 , bled the Overseas Press and Media Association dry over two years - leaving the company facing bankruptcy . The treasurer of a voluntary organisation drained £ 90,000 from the group 's account - spending thousands on restaurant meals and trips to France . John Howard , 66 , from Canterbury , Kent , had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago , leaving the company facing bankruptcy . The father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation 's account and enjoyed dining alone on several £ 300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers , a court heard . His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors and Howard started to dodge emails and phone calls . He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ` I 'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at Canterbury Crown Court . Prosecutor Tony Prosser said Howard secretly sacked auditors and then presented the association with fake accounts each month . Between 2011 to 2013 he freely dipped into the money and lavished cash on himself and his family . When his crime came to light just £ 180 was left in the association 's savings account when it should have been nearly £ 80,000 . Howard rang a fellow member from a pay phone admitting the fraud and offering to repay £ 20,000 . Mr Prosser said police found he had blown thousands on meals , groceries , flowers , expenditure in France , hotels and even sending money to his wife . Howard , who admitted fraud by breach of trust , claimed he only took £ 67,000 and had now put his home up for sale in a bid to repay some of the money . Dominic Webber , defending , said Howard got into debt and used the money to pay bills and was ` extremely sorry for what he has done . ' Matt Findel-Hawkins , a former OPMA president , said : ` It was n't like he was paying off debts to some evil Shylock figure . This was blatant , categorical deceit over time . His fraud was only uncovered after OPMA had problems paying its creditors and Howard started to dodge emails and phone calls . The non-profit trade association services the international advertising community . ` At the same time he would sit there in meetings , smiling at us . ' Mr Findel-Hawkins , sales director for Nikkei Europe , said Howard had been a member of the non-profit organisation for 30 years . He said : ` We 'd have meetings and all go to lunch . He was a steady guy with a nice sense of humour . ` That 's why he was our treasurer . We 've been trying to work out what went wrong . If I ever spoke to him again , I 'd just want to know why he did it . ' Sentencing , Judge Simon James told Howard his victim was a not-for-profit organisation which had been operating for more than 80 years . ` Under your three-year tenure as treasurer - in which you seemed to treat its bank account as your own - they were left close to bankruptcy and perilously close to folding , ' he said . ` Your good name has now been well and truly lost . This was a systematic , prolonged and flagrant piece of dishonesty . Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ` I 'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at Canterbury Crown Court today . ` It seems to me the money was used to fund a comfortable living for you and your family rather than out of real desperation . ' Detective Constable Barry Carr described it as a ` serious abuse of position ' and said Howard had shown a ` flagrant disregard for the trust and responsibility placed in him ' . He added that his deceit had nearly brought the long-established organisation to its knees financially . The OPMA is a non-profit trade association servicing the international advertising community , run voluntarily by its members .