A bride-to-be who thought she had beaten a rare cancer has been forced to bring forward her wedding date after the devastating news that the illness has returned . The friends and family of Courtney Terry , 27 , are now furiously fundraising in a bid to fulfill her final wish of a dream wedding . Courtney was just 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago . Courtney Terry , 27 , with her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb and daughter Dolcie . But despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal , her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009 . Courtney , from Barnehurst , south-east London , had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months ' time . But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition . Now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding . Courtney and Billy had been planning to marry in seven months time but have had to bring forward the wedding because her condition has worsened . The family hope to raise £ 20,000 so the event in a few weeks can create happy memories for Billy and her five-year-old daughter , Dolcie . The keen Millwall FC fan has received multiple treatments including chemotherapy , trials , surgery and radiotherapy . But she has no more treatment options left . Courtney , who has been engaged to Billy for two years , said : ` It is too late to help me now . ` There is no more surgery or chemo . I know I am going to die . ` I wo n't grow old with the man I love or see my girl grow up . ` But the one thing I can do before it is too late is be Mrs Webb . ' Courtney , pictured here with Billy and Dolcie , has a kidney cancer so rare that it has no name . She continued : ` I waited and waited to get married as I wanted to get well first , and there was always another operation or drug trial that got in the way . ` Now I just want to do it before it is too late . ' Courtney , whose cancer is so rare doctors do not have a name for it , added : ` I look at my future and I see where it ends . I will die never knowing what is wrong with me - never having a name for it . ` But this wedding is my chance to make memories for my family that will last a lifetime , even if I do n't . ` I just pray we can get the money together in time . ' The amount raised so far has topped £ 14,000 with 65 days left to raise their target figure . Courtney , pictured with her boyfriend and daughter , is now hoping to get married in less than three months time . Her family said in a statement : ` Courtney has been unbelievably strong , coping with treatments and their side effects and was often given bad news , whilst being a mum and raising a beautiful little girl . ` They had planned to get married in November , but this week she was advised by her medical team that they should bring forward the wedding as she may not be well enough in November , as her disease is terminal . ` This had a huge impact on the family , who did not expect to hear that her death was going to be so soon . ` They had a dream for a fairytale wedding to provide an extra special positive memory for Dolcie , Billy and their families . ' Courtney and Billy are saving for their wedding at : causewish.com/project/courtney-s-final-wish  .