An overweight mother-of-four has become a successful fitness model at the age of 41 after shrinking five dress sizes . Maria Twomey , 42 , of Watford , became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike . She has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models , hitting the gym for three hours a day . Scroll down for video . Maria with Sean before she lost weight -LRB- l -RRB- and winning second place in the Miami Pro modelling comp -LRB- r -RRB- . She discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike . She said : ` I 've had an incredible `` mum makeover '' . I want other women to realise that you 're never too old to completely change your life around - all it takes is some hard work . ' Maria , who is married to Sean Twomey , 49 , a dental technician , saw her weight increase while she was raising their children Jake , now 20 , Conor , 17 , Liam , 14 , and Kaine , ten . She said : ` After having children , watching my figure was the very last thing on my mind . I put all my energy into dashing around after my kids instead . ` Sean and I fell into the habit of treating ourselves with takeaways . ` It was n't that we were dramatically over-eating , but we let ourselves fall into a pattern of inactivity , and eventually I began to notice that my outfits were getting tighter and tighter . ' By the time she reached her 40th birthday in the autumn of 2013 , Maria was tipping the scales at 12st 7 lb and was wearing size 14 clothes . She eventually slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7 lb , and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent . Maria before with husband Sean and children -LRB- l-r -RRB- Jake , now 20 , Conor , 17 , Liam , 14 , and Kaine , 10 . Maria , just before her weight loss , found that fitting seatbelts was getting more and more uncomfortable . She said : ` It was still a massive shock for me - it was the heaviest I 'd ever been . ` Fitting seatbelts around me was getting more and more uncomfortable . Before too long all I could think about what how overweight I was . ` I 'd pop down the gym every so often , but I 'd never really exerted myself . I realised that if I was serious about losing weight and getting back in shape , I would need to have someone spurring me on , so I signed up for a series of personal training sessions . At first , even jogging on the spot left me absolutely breathless . ' As the weeks wore on , Maria found her fitness increasing and although the weight loss was not immediately obvious , she discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike . After she discovered personal training her fitness increased , and although the weight loss was not immediate . Eventually her personal trainer , who had willed her on from the start , said he had bigger plans and suggested she take part in a fitness modelling competition . She says her transformation has completely changed her life . She also completely changed her diet in a bid to trim down . Before her weight loss she typically ate a fried egg on toast for breakfast , followed by cheese and mayonnaise sandwiches for lunch , with a large jacket potato with cheese and beans for her evening meal . She would snack on Twix bars , crisps and fizzy drinks throughout the day . Her new diet saw her eat poached eggs for breakfast , lean chicken with sweet potato for lunch , and lean steak with salad for her evening meal . She snacked on portions of nuts throughout the day , and was careful to drink plenty of water . She said : ` In a year I lost four stone . I was so proud of myself . ` I 'd set out to feel happy in my own body again , and I 'd definitely achieved that . I was content to continue to maintain my slimmer figure , but my personal trainer , who had willed me on from the start , said he had bigger plans and suggested I take part in a fitness modelling competition . ' Competitive fitness modelling challenges participants to tone their bodies and perform in exhibitions where they are judged on their physique and stage presence . After being encouraged by her family and friends , Maria took part in her first amateur competition , the Miami Pro in St Albans , in October 2014 . The mother-of-four pictured after her weight loss , having fun in the sun with her nephew Alfie . She said : ` I was 41 and stepping on to a stage to pose for the first time in my life in a size six bikini . ` As confidence boosters go , it was hard to beat , and I was amazed when I was announced as the runner-up . ' ` Reaching second place qualified me to compete in a professional category . Athletes train for years to reach that level , so I felt incredibly lucky . ' Maria is will take part in her second competition on Sunday April 19 at the Miami Pro World Championships in St Albans . She is using the exposure gained from competing to launch a career as a personal trainer . She said : ` My transformation has completely changed my life . I have hopes for a new career , and my relationship with my family has got even better . ` I 'm a calmer , more balanced person . I feel like I 'm a better mum to my kids because I have more confidence and energy . ` I think it 's important for people to realise that you can do absolutely anything if you put your mind to it - I 'm proof of that . ' Breakfast : Poached eggs . Lunch : Lean chicken with some sweet potato . Dinner : Lean steak with salad . Snacks : Nuts throughout the day , and is careful to drink plenty of water . Breakfast : Fried egg on toast . Lunch : Cheese and mayonnaise sandwiches . Dinner : Jacket potato with cheese and beans . Snacks : Twix bars , crisps and fizzy drinks throughout the day . Maria with her trophy having won second place in the Miami Pro modelling competition in St Albans in 2014 .