Islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . ' A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver . His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria . Scroll down for video . A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama , Syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters and spread fear among those working against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . In one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor , surrounded by men with guns . An executioner , with his face covered , stands behind him with what appears to be a meat cleaver raised over his head . The next photo , which is too disturbing to publish , shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body . Each of the images are similar to videos released of British and American hostages who have also beheaded by the militants . A series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded . The man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is apparently brutally executed . It follows a video released by ISIS which week that warns ` America will burn ' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity that saw the twin towers destroyed . The 11-minute video features some of the group 's most brutal killings - such as the beheading of American journalist James Foley and the brutal burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh as he stood in a cage . The twin towers and still images of Osama bin Laden are also shown during the short video . Militants armed with rifles surround the man , while his executioner stands behind holding a meat cleaver . Propaganda is increasingly being used by ISIS as a way of attracting new recruits and gaining notoriety . The latest photographs follow a video released last month which show eight suspected informers , all dressed in red jumpsuits , being executed . In January , ISIS militants threatened to behead Barack Obama and turn the US into a Muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate .