An Indian woman who holds several awards for the extreme length of her hair has ambitions of one day becoming a Guinness World Record holder . Smita Srivastava , of Allahabad , in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India -- documented at 6ft -LRB- 1.8 m -RRB- in the Limca Book of Records . Her hair now stands at 7ft -LRB- 2.1 m -RRB- -- more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India , documented in the Limca Book of Records . But the 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel , who has become somewhat of a local celebrity , does not intend to rest on her laurels . She said : ` My life is a busy life . My hair length is 7 feet . ` I have won many awards and I am a record holder in the Limca Book of Records and I am planning to attempt a record for the Guinness Book of Records . Ms Srivastava 's hair was measured at 7ft -LRB- 2.1 m -RRB- , which is more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . Ms Srivastava 's hair has made her a local celebrity and she is a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown . ` Whenever I go out shopping to the market people admire me and they come and talk to me , asking me how I have such long hair . ` Women and kids come and touch my hair thinking that it 's fake hair . ` But after realising it is original hair , they say `` you are lucky '' and that my hair is `` so good and long . '' ' Ms Srivastava has had a passion for growing her hair ever since she was a child and her family support her endeavour . Ms Srivastava still has some way to go before she knocks the current Guinness World Record holder off her perch . Ms Srivastava has had a passion for growing her hair ever since she was a child and her family support her endeavour . She is a brand ambassador for several local oil products and is also a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown . Despite her best efforts to date however , the Indian Rapunzel still has some way to go before she knocks the current Guinness World Record holder of the longest hair -LRB- female -RRB- off her perch . Xie Qiuping of China has held the record since 2004 after her hair , which she had been steadily growing since 1973 , was measured at 18ft 5.54 in -LRB- 5.627 m -RRB- . Xie Qiuping of China has held the record since 2004 after her hair was measured at 18ft 5.54 in -LRB- 5.627 m -RRB- . Ms Srivastava said that people come up to her in the street and ask to touch her hair to see whether it is fake .