These incredible images capture the moment a fearless lion tried and failed to bring down a hippo calf . The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became temporarily separated from its herd after emerging from the water . Accompanied by a hunting partner , the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back - but ends up being chased away by the infant 's angry mother . Scroll down for video . Ferocious attempt : A fearless lion leaps on to a hippo calf 's back in Kruger National Park in South Africa . The feline and one of its companions were left hungry and with dented pride as the young hippo escaped from the incident unscathed . Photographer Duncan Fraser captured the encounter at Sunset Dam on his way back to camp at dusk . Mr Fraser , 23 , from Action Photography , said : ` The bigger male lion was in front and crouching ready for action . ` Suddenly he pounced up and the surprise caused the adult hippo to split away from the baby . Sizing up their prey : Two lionesses become aware of the calf after it becomes seperated from its mother . ` Seeing this opportunity he swung around and pounced onto the baby - trying to get a grip and take the baby down . ` The adult hippo swung around and came back charging at the lion . The lion quickly released its grip and decided that it was time to exit the scene . ` The baby hippo and its mother moved off away from the lions into the bushes - it did not appear to have suffered any major injuries from the attack . ' Preparing to attack : One of the lionesses lies in the dust just moments before launching her attack . The chase : The predator bounds towards the hippo calf , who desperately attempts to flee its attacker . Going for the kill : The big cat seizes the opportunity and mounts the hippo 's back in a fierce display of power . Ferocious : The lion tries to puncture the hippo 's tough skin with a bite as the calf cries out for its mother . Touch and go : With the hippo calf desperate and tiring , the lioness appears to be winning the epic battle . Chased away : But the calf 's angry mother charges on to the scene and is too much of a threat for the lion . Still hungry : With their pride dented after the unsuccessful attack , the two lionesses make a hasty retreat . Unscathed : The hippo calf was not injured in the clash , according to photographer Duncan Fraser .