Wayne Rooney knows Champions League qualification is Manchester United 's to lose , making this weekend 's clash with Aston Villa all the more important . Louis van Gaal 's side sit fourth in the Barclays Premier League standings as the season enters the closing stages , boasting a five-point cushion over the chasing pack after winning so impressively at Liverpool before the international break . Juan Mata 's brace earned United a deserved 2-1 triumph at Anfield to give them a buffer over the Reds , as well as fellow top-four contenders Southampton and Tottenham . Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the Champions League . United midfielder Juan Mata scored a fantastic brace against Liverpool to secure his side a 2-1 win at Anfield . The second of Mata 's goals was a brilliant improvised scissor kick to give United a 2-0 lead in the second-half . However , Rooney is well aware how quickly things can change , admitting nothing less than victory will suffice when Aston Villa come to Aston Villa on Saturday . ` Yes it was -LRB- a six-pointer at Liverpool -RRB- , but that means nothing if we do n't beat Aston Villa on Saturday , ' the United captain said . ` Obviously Arsenal play Liverpool as well , so if we can get the win against Villa that will be an even better result than Liverpool was for us . ` I think there are still eight games left . We are in a good position at the minute so it 's in our own hands , so have to make sure we do it . ' Rooney and several of his United team-mates only returned home from international duty on Wednesday afternoon after a technical fault on the England team plane delayed their departure from Turin . It meant an extra night in Italy , where it looked like they would be leaving after a night to forget as Graziano Pelle punished the Three Lions ' poor first-half display . However , Andros Townsend 's wonder strike saw England secure a 1-1 draw following a much-improved performance after half-time , when Roy Hodgson 's bold substitutions paid off - as did his decision to partner Rooney with full debutant Harry Kane . The England skipper had spent the first half in midfield role as Hodgson tinkered with his side , although he is not allowing that experimentation to be an excuse . ` I think it 's important in tournament football you might need that , so that 's what we were doing , ' the 29-year-old said . Rooney competes for the ball with Italy defender Andrea Ranocchia during Tuesday 's international friendly . Rooney runs forward with the ball during the friendly match at the Juventus Stadium in Turin on Tuesday . ` We were trying a few different things out because you never know with injuries and suspensions in tournament football . The best time to do it is obviously in the friendlies . ` You could clearly see in the first half that it did n't work so I think the manager made good changes at the right time which helped us to get back into the game . ` Obviously I have n't played in midfield for a few weeks . Sometimes it is difficult to go from up front to midfield or from midfield to up front - sometimes it does take time . ` I had a few chances and could have scored , so I felt I played better when I went up front . ' United team-mate Phil Jones was another to struggle away from his preferred position , looking lost at times at the base of the diamond . He looked more assured when he dropped back into defence after Chris Smalling complained of feeling unwell and was replaced by Michael Carrick late in the opening period . The 33-year-old had not played for England since October 2013 before these matches and Rooney loves having his club-mate around . ` I felt Michael Carrick was the best player on the pitch by a mile , ' he said . ` He gave us great composure , he slowed the game down when we needed to and started our attacks really well . ' Asked if Carrick has been under-rated throughout his career , Rooney said : ` Not from me and certainly not from Manchester United fans . ` I think he is a fantastic player . He has been a big reason why , at United , we have won so many trophies over the last few years . So from myself and his team-mates , he has not been under-estimated . ' United and England midfielder Michael Carrick has been singled out for his strong performance against Italy .