She wears the £ 450 Issa dress famously sported to announce the royal engagement in November 2010 while he sports a cosy jumper and a goofy grin . But this is n't the real Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . Instead , it 's their puppet likenesses - commissioned for ITV 's new comedy spoof show , Newzoids . And the Duke and Duchess are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover . Their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of Prince Harry , as well as a roster of celebrities . Scroll down for video . Plastic princess : The Duchess of Cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form . The show , which has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image , starts later this month and , according to makers Citrus TV , will offer a similarly light-hearted take on current affairs . Sketches set to feature in the opening show include one that sees David Cameron slug it out with Nick Clegg on a puppet version of The Jeremy Kyle Show . Another sketch will see Ed Miliband 's effigy join Ant and Dec to star in a show called ` I 'm a Catastrophe ... Get Me Out of Here ' while a third will see Professor Brian Cox unearthing a new planet - on Kim Kardashian 's backside . The six-part series will also feature Wayne Rooney , Beyonce , Harry Styles and The Great British Bake Off 's Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry . Star of the show : Prince William 's puppet is ready for the launch of new series , Newzoids . The real thing : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at the Stephen Lawrence Centre in south London . Royal stars : The Duke and Duchess will appear alongside Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall . The new show represents the first time that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have found themselves lampooned in a comedy show . But while it will all be new to William and Kate , other members of the Royal Family will remember their starring roles in Spitting Image . Among the most memorable was the jug-eared puppet of Prince Charles , who was famously shown talking on a telephone made of roses . Charles will return to puppet form in Newzoids , this time reimagined as a version of Gogglebox 's Dominic Parker . The Duchess of Cornwall will be shown as a take on Steph , with the royal couple set to chortle and booze their way through a Gogglebox-style sketch . Entertainer : Prince Harry will also feature in the ITV show - albeit in puppet form . The Great British Fake Off : Stars Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry also feature in Newzoids . Speaking about the new show , Elaine Bedell , Director of Entertainment and Comedy for ITV , said : ` ITV has a rich history of playing popular satirical comedy in peaktime on its main channel , and it seemed a good time to revive it this year . ` We are pleased to be adding to our growing comedy portfolio with this funny and biting look at the world of politics and celebrity . ' The show , which will be filmed by animation specialists Factory , will be voiced by a cast that includes impressionist Debra Stephenson and will be produced by Giles Pilbrow and Dominic Brigstocke who boast Have I Got News For You and Alan Partridge among their credits .