Darren Gough makes no secret that he 'll always be the first man into bat for Kevin Pietersen no matter how sticky the wicket . England 's ninth most successful wicket taker of all-time is a loyal friend to the controversial batsman and was best man at his wedding . Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England 's Ashes squad this summer - and all eyes will be on Cardiff for the start of his campaign against Glamorgan in just over a fortnight . Darren Gough , Kevin Pietersen 's close friend , says his pal only has a small chance of returning for England . Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer . But Gough believes there is still only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series on the same ground a few months later . ` I would say it 's a pretty small percentage chance of seeing Kevin playing for England again , ' said Gough , who is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord 's Taverners in July , the UK 's leading youth cricket and disability sports charity , with the inaugural event raising over £ 280,000 for the Lord 's Taverners and other charities in 2013 . ` It requires England 's batsman to fail in the West Indies and then again against New Zealand , which is obviously something no England fan wants . ` The new ECB chairman has given Kevin a lifeline and he 's got to make the runs now and put the pressure on . Gough believes Pietersen will ` disappear to the Caribbean Premier League ' if he does n't get an England call . Gough says he has huge respect for Pietersen for pulling out of a big money deal in the India . ` Good luck to him , if the others fail and he scores hundred after hundred , which I think he would have to do , the dream might just come true for him but realistically I would say the door is shut . ` If Kevin is n't selected for the first Test against Australia then he will probably disappear to the Caribbean Premier League and that will be that . ` I have huge respect for him for making that call and pulling out of a big money deal in the Indian Premier League to give it a shot , it shows just how much he wants it . ` If he got to the point where he 's retiring and he did n't give it that last go , I do n't think he would have been able to deal with that mentally . ` It 's similar to me when I left Essex to go back to Yorkshire , I had unfinished business in Yorkshire and I went back for a couple of years . ` I can live happily ever after on that because I went back and fulfilled what I wanted to achieve and it 's the same for KP . ' Controversial batsman Pietersen and current England coach Peter Moores have a fractious relationship . England face Australia in just under 100 days time - a team with soaring confidence after their World Cup win . Pietersen and current England coach Peter Moores have a fractious relationship but even proud Yorkeshireman Gough believes the former Lancashire coach must be give a bit more time - despite last month 's World Cup horror show . Moores admits he 's a man under pressure ahead of the three Test series in the Caribbean , which starts in Antigua in just under two weeks . And it does n't get any easier with two Test and five one-day internationals against in-form New Zealand followed by the arrival of Darren Lehman 's Australia in just under 100 days time - a team whose confidence is soaring . ` We 've got a good coach with England and he knows what he is doing but his personality is more about percentages , ' added Gough . ` He gets a lot of stick about stats but every team uses stats . ' Gough plans to competes in the Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for Lord 's Taverners charity . While England toil this summer Gough has other plans as he competes in the Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge which will raises funds for the Lord 's Taverners charity . Gough , the first to admit he 's not got the physique for lycra , will lead a cricketing peleton as they cycle between England 's Test match grounds over four days this summer , with the challenge taking place between 12 and 15 July 2015 and will cover over 300 miles between the famous 2005 Ashes venues , with the Kia Oval the finish line in four months ' time . ` I 'm okay on a motorbike but a bike is going to be a big challenge , ' he said . ` We are hoping to raise enough funds to buy five minibuses that can be used to help disadvantaged and disabled children get into sport . ` I 've always liked a challenge and when it 's raising money for a wonderful cause you want to get involved . ' To support Goughie 's fundraising efforts please visit lordstaverners.org/ashescycle and keep up with the team 's progress by following @LordsTaverners and @Investecwin -- to donate text VELO15 £ 5 or £ 10 to 70070 .