It is one of the biggest celebrations in the Catholic calendar and the Spanish Royal Family kept up their tradition of spending the Easter holiday on the island of Mallorca . King Felipe , Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle . Queen Letizia , 42 , teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels for the service while her daughters wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine . Smiling in the Mallorcan sunshine : Clockwise from left , Queen Sofia , King Felipe , Queen Letizia , Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor pose for photographers at Palma de Mallorca Cathedral . A spring breeze in the air : The family make their way into the cathedral . Hundreds of people gathered to watch the Spanish royals arrive at the service . It is the first time that Princess Leonor , 9 , and Princess Sofia , 7 , have been spotted at a public engagement for several months ; they are on the island for the family 's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence . Well-wishers were in their hundreds , all keen to catch a glimpse of the young princesses who have been on a break from royal duties since appearing at a military parade back in October 2014 . King Felipe VI , 47 , has not yet completed a full year on the throne but looked happy to be continuing the family tradition of spending Easter away from the royal residence in Madrid . The family were also joined by Queen Sofia , who looked elegant in a grey overcoat . The former Queen is reported to have landed on Mallorca ahead of the rest of her family , taking time to enjoy a break with her sister Irene . Spring in her step : Queen Letizia arrives at the cathedral in Mallorca 's capital . Right , her elegant daughters -LRB- from left -RRB- Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor are the double of their mother . Holy day : The family , led by King Felipe , meet the cathedral 's priests ahead of the Easter service . Eyes forward please King Felipe ! The Spanish monarch waves to well-wishers in the crowd before adjusting his tie for a formal family photograph . All eyes are on them : The family take their pew in the beautiful cathedral , widely considered one the island 's biggest architectural masterpieces . Meet and greet : After a period away from the spotlight , Princess Leonor , 9 , appeared to enjoy shaking hands with fellow attendees of the religious service . June will mark one year since King Felipe ascended the throne and the royal couple have been regular visitors to Mallorca since , using it for family holidays inbetween engagements . The couple have been married since 2004 with Letizia enjoying a media career prior to her role as the Spanish Queen . After a stint at Asturian daily paper , La Nueva España , she went on to work for ABC , a popular national newspaper that enjoys the third largest circulation in Spain .