A 16-year-old schoolboy is fighting for his life in a coma after being driven to attempt suicide following months of bullying by a gang who slashed him in the face . Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . His mother Tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry . She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face . Schoolboy Bradley Parkes , 16 , is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt . His mother shared this picture saying : ` Hope all you b ****** s are happy my son is fighting for his life ' ` It all started in about August last year and Bradley has even been held at knifepoint , ' she told the Coventry Telegraph . ` One time he was walking from one friend 's house to another and this gang robbed all three of them . ` They even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people . He 's even had his hand broken . ` Every time they see him they just take everything off him . People know all about this gang and they are arrested for all sorts . ' Bradley 's devastated family are at his bedside at Birmingham Children 's Hospital and they have been warned to prepare for anything including brain damage . Bradley was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . Ms Parkes , a mother-of-five , said she wanted to do everything in her power to help her son pull through . ` He 's in an induced coma at the moment and they think he has swelling on the brain , ' she said . ` The doctors have said the severity seems medium at the moment , but they 've said I should prepare for anything from him not waking up to having possible brain damage . The Manchester United fan was found unconscious in Willenhall Woods yesterday afternoon . He had just passed his first course at Ernesford Grange School and was planning to go to college . His mother was joined at his bedside by daughters Beyonce , 12 , and Nevaeh , ten months , and sons Logan , eight , and four-year-old Blane . She said : ` He left a suicide note saying he was taking his own life as it was easier than what he was going through . ' Ms Parkes said the bullying escalated after Bradley gave a statement to the police about the gang , who are aged between 14 and 18 . ` He 's been called a grass and all sorts , ' she said . ` When he was held at knifepoint we decided enough was enough and went to the police . ` The other boy who was also robbed was too scared to make a statement , but Bradley wanted to . ` One of the gang members was charged and is now on remand in prison . He 's up in court next month . ` They have smashed people 's windows , vandalised people 's homes and even set fire to someone using a deodorant can and a lighter . Bradley 's devastated family are at his bedside at Birmingham Children 's Hospital and they have been warned to prepare for anything . ` It left the person with burns on their stomach . Since that , all the grass stuff started and it made Bradley 's life hell . ' She slammed West Midlands Police for failing to take her repeated complaints seriously . ` I have gone to the police lots of times but it does n't do anything . And not many people do go to the police as they are scared . I 'm running out of options , ' she said . Friends and family have left messages of support on Bradley 's Facebook page . Alyssa Crawley wrote : ` Stay strong bradley you can pull through it ' , while Jae Williams said : ` Keep fighting brad been with u since the start of school i know you can do this ' . Daniel Dunn also wrote on Facebook : ` Your a fighter bro , you can pull through this ' . For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .