A 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the Titanic is expected to fetch around £ 80,000 at auction . The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912 . It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett , who were sent to recover the bodies of the victims after the tragedy . A 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the Titanic is expected to fetch around £ 80,000 at auction . The ship 's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax , Nova Scotia . One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett . It has since been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector who kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast . The anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item . Andrew Aldridge , of auctioneers Henry Aldridge and Son , described the piece as one of ` the most important -LSB- bits -RSB- of Titanic memorabilia around ' . He said : ` It is incredibly rare to find something of that size that was on Titanic , was salvaged and that still exists today . Six or seven recovered deckchairs were stacked on the deck of the Mackay-Bennett as it arrived in Nova Scotia . Titanic -LRB- above -RRB- sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20 pm on April 14 . ` You would not use it for practical purposes but have it on display . It would make a great conversation piece . ` There were a couple of thousand deckchairs on board Titanic and many of them were found floating on the wreck site . ` We have been able to access the Mackay-Bennett 's log book , which confirmed the crew not only picked up deckchairs but that the ship 's carpenter spent time repairing some of them on the way back to Halifax . ' The chair is made of teak wood and has an adjustable footrest at the front . It is 57 inches long , 23 inches wide and 35 inches tall . It has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of White Star Line - the company that owned the Titanic . It has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of White Star Line - the company that owned the Titanic . Upon his death in 1973 , Capt Lemarteleur gave the chair to colleague Captain Robin Lee . The current owner acquired it in 2001 . Being sold with the chair is an in depth ` provenance package ' that authenticates history and association with Titanic . Captain Julien Lemarteleur -LRB- above -RRB- , who collected the chair from the Mackay-Bennett more than 100 years ago . It includes a signed affidavit from Margarete Pennington , who was Mr Lemarteleur 's housekeeper in the 1960s . In it she states : ` I personally saw the deckchair that Captain Lemarteleur told me about on many occasions . He said that various pieces of debris taken from the ocean including this Titanic deckchair he acquired . ` I recognise the chair as the same chair I saw in the captain 's garage and of which the captain identified as coming from the Titanic . ' Craig Sopin , 57 , a lawyer from Philadelphia , owns one of the world 's largest collections of Titanic memorabilia . He also authenticated the chair and said : ` It is n't often that one has the opportunity to acquire such an important part of Titanic 's story . ` For such a significant item to have such a meticulous chain of custody is nothing short of astonishing . Its history can be traced from the auction house back to Titanic itself . ' Titanic sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20 pm on April 14 . A ship , the Carpathia , picked up more than 700 survivors in lifeboats hours later and took them back to New York . White Star Line chartered four ships , including the Halifax-based cable-laying vessel the Mackay-Bennett , to recover the bodies . The deckchair is being sold in Devizes , Wiltshire on April 18 . March 31 , 1909 : Construction work on Titanic begins in Belfast Harbour . May 31 , 1911 : Titanic is first launched in front of an audience of 100,000 people . April 10 , 1912 : Titanic departs Southampton around noon with 922 passengers on board . Minutes later , it narrowly avoids colliding with two ships , New York and Oceanic . 4 pm : 274 passengers embark at Cherbourg , France . 8 pm : Titanic leaves Cherbourg , bound for Queenstown , Ireland . April 11 : The ship arrives at Cork , Ireland , around 11.30 am . 1:30 pm : Titanic departs from Ireland after picking up 113 more passengers and sets off for America . April 14 : Titanic 's crew are warned by other ships of drifting icebergs . 11:40 pm : The ship 's lookout spots an iceberg immediately ahead and warns the captain , but it is too late . Titanic collides with it and begins taking on water . April 15 : Titanic suddenly starts sinking faster around 2.20 am , plunging more than a thousand people into the freezing cold water . 4 am : First ship arrives after an earlier SOS call from Titanic , saving 710 people . September 1985 : The wreck of Titanic is found .