The parents of a five-year-old transgender boy are sharing their son 's story with the world in a bid to prove that there is no such thing as being ` too young ' to identify as transgender . Massachusetts couple Mimi and Joe Lemay 's son Jacob was n't always a boy . The five-year-old was born Mia , the second of three sisters . But from a very early age , Jacob began rejecting his gender . And after years of questioning how to handle his preferences , before finally coming to terms with what their son wanted , the Lemays explained to NBC News that they decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy . Scroll down for video . Boys will be boys : Mimi and Joe Lemay 's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia , but the couple has now accepted that their child is a boy . Mimi and Joe began to notice that Jacob was having difficulties when he was a toddler . Then named Mia , he would insist on changing his clothes 10 to 12 times a day , in an attempt to find something he felt comfortable in , before his parents bought him a blue ` doggy sweater ' that he wore for six months straight - often over girlier dresses and tutus . The couple assumed they were just raising a tomboy . ` She would take on `` boy '' personas , and just always want to play with boy things , ' said Joe . ` Her need to play boy roles , and her need to be seen or spoken to as a boy at home became very persistent , ' added Mimi . Then , shortly before he turned three , Jacob declared himself a boy . Happy family : Jacob was born the second of three daughters in the Massachusetts-based Lemay family . Finding the right wardrobe : From a young age , Jacob -LRB- R -RRB- preferred to wear boy clothes ; when his parents still dressed him as a girl , the frustrated toddler would change outfits up to 12 times a day . Mimi said that she was worried that Jacob 's behavior would make it harder for him to build relationships - already , he had trouble relating to his peers - and she hoped her child 's desire to be a boy would go away . In the meantime , she and Joe made allowances while Jacob was n't in public . Home became a ` battleground over gender ' , Mimi wrote in a letter to Jacob on his fifth birthday , which was published by The Synapse , continuing that they decided to let Jacob cut his hair , wear boy clothes , and assume aspects of his male identity at home . While this made things easier when just family was around - his older sister eventually stopped teasing him about not being a ` real boy ' - things were still hard at school , where Jacob did n't engage with his classmates . Jacob 's parents explained that their son 's behavior was n't just that of a typical tomboy . Not content to just ` pretend ' to be a boy , Jacob , then still called Mia , hated her body and would say things like : ` Why did god make me this way ? Why did god make me wrong ? ' Trying to fit in : While he was still perceived as a girl , Jacob would only open up around his family and had trouble getting along with his peers . Accepting his identity : The Lemays eased into Jacob 's transition , slowly allowing him to wear boy clothes , cut his hair short , and refer to himself as a boy at home . Mimi and Joe saw a glimpse of their future on an April 2014 trip to Disney World . They let Jacob wear a Prince Charming costume , and when strangers called him handsome he ` just glowed ' . His mother said persistence , consistence , and insistence are the hallmarks of a possibly transgender child - and Jacob was demonstrating all three . In June 2014 , the Lemays sat Jacob down and showed him a video about another transgender boy , Ryland Whittington . Tears in her eyes , Mimi told him : ` All we want is for you to be happy , but we need help to understand what will make you happy . ' Joe asked Jacob if he wanted to be like Ryland and have everyone know he 's a boy . ` I ca n't , ' Jacob told them . ` I have to be Mia at school . ' His parents told him that if he wanted to , he could start attending a new school in the fall . Jacob was elated , telling them , ` I want to be a boy always . ' The Lemays began to let Jacob transition . Playing the prince : On a trip to Disney World last year , Jacob -LRB- pictured right with his sister Ella -RRB- was thrilled when strangers mistook him for a boy in his Prince Charming Costume . Happy kid : Since transitioning , Jacob has come into his own ; he socializes and shows affection more since he has started to feel more like himself . Mimi says she and her husband did n't expect the ` seismic shift ' in Jacob 's behavior and personality that they experienced , but the boy completely came out of his shell . He immediately became more social , more affectionate , and more interested in picking up hobbies . ` He 's just a different person . He 's becoming himself , ' said Joe . Watching how the change has affected Jacob has allowed his parents to see Jacob as he sees himself . ` I realized he had never really been Mia , ' Mimi said . ` That had been a figment of my imagination . ' The Lemays hope that coming forward to talk about their experience will help Jacob grow up in a society where there 's a better perception of transgender people .