If you had £ 140,000 to splurge , would you splash out on an Aston Martin DB9 Volante or maybe even a three-bedroom detached house in Nottingham ? Or , would you rather shell your hard-earned savings on a pink handbag ? That is exactly what retailer Vestiaire Collective is hoping for , as they put a Hermes bag on sale for a cool £ 140,000 on their site . Is this Britain 's most expensive handbag ? A sade-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag embellished with rubies has gone on sale for £ 140,000 . So what do you get for your money ? The made-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag comes embellished with rubies . The rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store and experts say it 's an extremely good investment . Fanny Moizant , Vestiaire Collective 's Brand Communications Director and Head of UK , said : ` Hermes Birkin bags have come to symbolise the epitome of quality , the materials and the impeccable French craftsmanship are second to none . ` The brand has a strong heritage with a controlled supply , which makes it highly desirable for stylish women . This aspirational identity has developed into a strong social status symbol . The limited supply and production of rare colours and skin have made these bags must-have collectors items resulting in an increased value over time , unlike cars , which are known to depreciate in value after leaving the showroom . ' With the same amount of money that the handbag costs , you could splash out on an Aston Martin DB9 Volante . Whilst they do n't own the exact same bag , Kim Kardashian , left , and Heidi Klum , right , are both the proud owners of pink Hermes Birkin bags . Hermes is one of the most coveted handbags of all time , but with a price tag of around £ 8,000 the Hermés Birkin bag is n't quite within every fashionista 's price range -LRB- unless you 're Victoria Beckham whose collection is worth a reported £ 1.5 m -RRB- . Prestigious luggage and accessories firm Hermés , who count many of the world 's wealthiest women as fans , is known for luxury leather accessories . Renowned for its immaculate finish and top quality materials , Hermès claims never to use any assembly lines with one craftsperson making a single handbag at a time , hand-stitching individual pieces to create the finished product . The brand is rich in history , and some of its bestselling bags have intriguing stories behind them . The iconic Kelly bag , one of Hermes most popular styles , was originally known as the Sac à dépêches when it was developed by Hermes in 1935 . In 1956 , a photo of Grace Kelly , who had become the new Princess of Monaco , was pictured carrying the Sac à dépêches to hide her pregnancy . Photographs were sent all over the world and put on the cover of Life magazine . As a result , the bag became known as the Kelly and has been hugely popular ever since . Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of Hermes ... handbag Victoria reportedly owns a collection worth £ 1.5 m . The Birkin has similarly romantic roots , conceived as it was in honour of French star Jane Birkin . The Birkin was allegedly created after the company 's CEO Jean Louis Dumas sat next to the actress on a Paris to London flight . Birkin had been discussing her difficulty in finding a leather weekend bag , explaining her ideal . Shortly after , in 1984 , the bag she described arrived at her flat with a note from Dumas . Although nowadays the bag can be made to order , the design is still one of the most recognised in the fashion industry . And Victoria Beckham is n't the only celebrity Birkin fan . British-born author Barbara Taylor Bradford owns an impressive 24 and heiress Tamara Ecclestone has specially built cupboards to house her £ 100,000 collection . Katie Holmes , Julia Roberts , Hilary Duff and Kelly Brook are also fans while Jane Birkin , the inspiration behind the roomy leather must-have has said she covers her ` b ***** heavy ' Birkin with stickers to disguise the fact she 's carrying a ` snobbish ' bag .