It is a leap of faith that could easily have ended in disaster . But thankfully , stunt performer Antti Pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain . Captured on camera , these amazing images show the moment the Finnish driver took to the skies . Finnish stunt performer , Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgrnsen , Sweden . Captured on camera , this adrenalin fuelled footage shows the moment a daredevil driver took to the skies after racing his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain . The group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine . Instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death , Pendikainen , defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of Riksgränsen in Sweden thanks to a parachute attached to the vehicle . But what might sound like a nightmare , white-knuckle ride for most people was a walk in the park for Antti who is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter . The brain child of Finnish extreme sports group , Stunt Freak Team , the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights . By using wood from an old truck bed , a tandem parachute and of course , duct tape , the group managed to strap the materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine . Antti is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter . Instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death , Pendikainen , defied gravity by floating effortlessly . The brain child of Finnish extreme sports group , Stunt Freak Team , the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights . Filmed using a Go Pro camera attached to Antti 's head , as well as shots taken from a helicopter tailing the snowmobile , the video reveals the staggering views of the surrounding snow-white landscape . After a four-minute ride and a bumpy landing , Antti is then seen landing the contraption before coming safely to a stop . A spokesperson at Stunt Freaks Team said : ` We were thinking of ways to perform a snowmobile base jump when we began to wonder whether it would be possible to attach a parachute to a snowmobile and make it fly . what might sound like a nightmare , white-knuckle ride for most people was a walk in the park for Antti . After a four-minute ride and a bumpy landing , Antti is then seen landing the contraption before coming safely to a stop . Filmed using a Go Pro camera attached to Antti 's head the video reveals the staggering views of the surrounding snow-white landscape . ` This is the first time we have tried anything like this , it was the stuff of TV as the first sled was ready for test drive in just three hours . ` We built the flying machine using an old truck bed , wood from the loading platform , a tandem parachute and duct tape . ` Antti left the side of the mountain at full throttle , his heart rate was little over 195 bpm during the flight and even faster when he drove off the cliff . ` It is actually possible to drive the snow mobile whilst in air , you can control the drive by pulling the ropes on either side of the parachute . ` When you are in the air it feels like you are riding a snowmobile without gravity , it 's very relaxing and very exciting . ' In its infancy , the project was originally looking at ways to perform a snowmobile base jump . The Finnish daredevil drives the snow mobile while in the air by pulling the ropes on either side of the parachute .