Hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother 's car crashed into a Melbourne lake . Bol Manyang , one , his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew 's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning . Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church 's front row , alongside older sister Awel , 5 , who survived the horrifying crash on April 8 . Scroll down for video . The three children who died when their mother 's car crashed into a late in Melbourne have been laid to rest . Mourners held on to each other outside the church as the tiny coffins were wheeled inside . Sudanese AFL footballer Majak Daw arrived at the church and signed a book of condolences for the children before making his way inside . During the ceremony , mourners wept as the children 's cousin , Makok Kuol , described them as ` three beautiful angels ' . According to the Sydney Morning Herald , Mr Kuol told the congregation from the pulpit that four-year-old Madit was destined for great things . The crash killed four-year-old twins Madit and Anger -LRB- pictured -RRB- and their one-year-old brother Bol when the 4WD plunged into a lake . One-year-old Bol -LRB- left -RRB- and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger -LRB- right -RRB- all died after the 4WD they were in crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's outer west . ` Everyone who came to my family 's house , you would feel the joy of having this boy run up into your arms , ' Mr Kuol said . ` A young , energetic Australian has been ripped from us by the work of the devil . Mr Kuol paid tribute to his ` sweetheart ' cousin Anger and said her younger brother BoI was a precious young boy , who will be remembered for ` the best smile , the laughter , and the joy he brought to all of us . ' After the ceremony the children were taken to the Werribee Cemetery where they were buried . Mourners wept and clung on to each other as the tiny white coffins were wheeled into the church . Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's west on April 8 . Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's west on April 8 . Ms Guode , who was driving , was interviewed after the crash but was released without charge . Police are appealing for witnesses including a woman , believed to be in her 30s , who was walking with a pram near Lake Gladman at Wyndham Vale and may have seen the crash before alerting others . Investigators are also appealing for further help from the South Sudanese community including anyone who knows the family 's movements the day of the accident . Last week it was revealed that five-year-old Awel who survived the crash , believes her three siblings who died were eaten by crocodiles . Joseph Tito Manyang -LRB- left -RRB- , the father of three children killed , held hands with a friend as they walked from the church with pink booklets in their hands . Akon Guode -LRB- centre -RRB- , the mother of three children was inconsolable as she witnessed her children being buried . Awel -LRB- left -RRB- survived the accident that killed her siblings and believes they were eaten by crocodiles . The young girl believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water . Their father , Joseph Tito Manyang , said Awel remembers the accident . ` Always when they see water they think of crocodiles , so that 's what she said . She said they 'd fallen into the water and there were crocodiles eating my younger brothers and sister , ' Mr Manyang said , according to the Herald Sun . Mr Manyang 's partner and mother of the children , Akon Guode , was released from police custody last Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash . She told them she was feeling ` very dizzy ' before the accident and remembers her children crying out . Ms Guode had been sent to stay with a relative following the crash , after portraits of the deceased children and memories of them running around the family home became too much . Akon Guode told Police she was feeling ` very dizzy ' before the accident and remembers her kids crying out . She was released from custody after police questioning . ` She 's very shocked , ' Mr Manyang said . ` She was crying every 10 minutes . She remembers everything at home and how the kids were walking around and playing . ' Mr Manyang says his partner told him she ` did n't feel herself ' as she was driving and can only remember parts of the aftermath of the crash , The Age reports . But she does recall being in the water and hearing her surviving five-year-old daughter Awel saying ` Mama , the children are falling under the water ' . Mr Manyang was struggling with the news his three young children had died . ` The feeling is very hard for me , ' he said . Sudanese AFL footballer Majak Daw was seen at the service . Mr Daw signed a book of condolences for the kids , who were of Sudanese decent . ` My kids , they were very good ... always , they were happy . Especially the twins . It is a big shock to me to get this information . ' He revealed Ms Guode called him at 2.16 pm on the Wednesday afternoon but by the time he returned the call there was no answer . ` Bol , is still shy , is one year and a half , always we play together , that 's what has happened , but it is a big shock for me to get this information . It has happened to me , to lose three children at once , ' he told SBS radio . It comes as Mr Manyang defended the children 's mother saying he did n't believe she caused the crash deliberately and said she was extremely distressed . Mr Daw paid tribute to the children and showed his respects by attending their funeral . Awel Manyang , pictured here as a baby with her mother Akon Guode , believes her three siblings who died in the crash at a Melbourne lake were eaten by crocodiles in the water . The children 's father , Joseph Tito Manyang -LRB- second from right -RRB- , was hugged by a mourner at the crash site at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's outer west . ` She is a very good mother , ' he told the Herald Sun . ` She loved the kids . She took care of the kids . I do n't think she planned to do anything . ` I 'm still believing she 's innocent . ` My message to the community - because there is a lot of talking around , there is untruths - what I can tell them is they have to wait for the report from the police investigation , that will be the truth . ' He made an emotional visit to the crash site last week , where floral tributes were starting to build up from the Sudanese community who knew the family and from strangers . Ms Guode , who is the mother of seven children , came to Melbourne from South Sudan to escape war after her first husband died . The children 's mother , Akorn Manang , was behind the wheel of grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it plunged into the lake on Manor Lakes Boulevard . Police have retrieved the four-wheel-drive after it was plunged into the Wyndham Vale on Wednesday . Mourners pray at a makeshift shrine at the scene where a 4WD was submerged in Lake Gladman . Mr Manyang 's 16-year-old niece , Amani Alier , said the family were trying to console him following the devastating news . ` He 's shattered , he could n't stop crying , his nose was bleeding , ' she said . ` He just dropped when he saw a picture of his son on the wall . It 's so hard for him to deal with . He loved those kids . ' The tight-knit Sudanese community and nearby residents started leaving floral tributes for the three children . The 2005 Toyota Kluger is expected to be removed from the lake late on Thursday morning . The family with seven children moved from South Sudan to Australia in 2008 . Thomas Kok , the cousin of the children 's father , who spent the night at the children 's hospital with Awel , visited the crash site on Thursday morning to pay tribute to the children . Police have confirmed the mother is assisting the homicide squad with their investigation as they appealed for members of the Sudanese community to come forward if they knew anything about what was going on in the family 's life . ` We need to understand what led to this , we need to understand the background of this family , we need to understand what was happening in their lives , ' Superintendent Stuart Bateson said . ` Hopefully this will lead to a greater understanding of what led to this incident . We appeal especially to the Sudanese community who might know what was happening in this family 's life , what their movements were before this tragedy . ' The search and rescue team remained at the scene to try and pull the car from the water , which is reportedly about 20 to 30 metres from shore . Detective from the Homicide Squad and the Major Collision Investigation Unit have spoken to some witnesses but they are appealing for anyone with information to come forward . It is not yet know if it was a deliberate act or an accident , according to police . It 's believed the grey 2005 Toyota Kluger 4WD was travelling towards Pedder St and Minindee Road when the incident occurred . Police particularly wish to speak to anyone who saw the car between 3.30 and 3.45 pm . Witnesses or anyone with further information about the incident should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 . Victoria police said that the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined . A resident named Michelle told 3AW that her neighbour broke open the back windscreen of the 4WD to save the children .