A robot has been ` arrested ' by Swiss police after it bought a supply of illegal drugs on a hidden region of the internet known as the ` dark net ' . The automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $ 100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web . The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen , in north east Switzerland . The Random Darknet Shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web -LRB- pictured -RRB- including trainers , jeans , cigarettes , a set of masterkeys and a DVD case -LRB- far left -RRB- containing 10 ecstasy tablets . The items it bought included a pair of Nike trainers , counterfeit designer jeans , the scan of a Hungarian passport and a set of UK Fire Brigade masterkeys . However , it seems the Random Darknet Shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets , which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a DVD case . The dark net is a subsection of the deep web - the part of the internet that does not show up in searches or on social media . Most of the information on the web is far down on dynamically generated sites , unable to be found or seen by traditional search engines , which are rather like dragging a net across the surface of the sea , missing much of the information in the depths . The dark net is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods , but the anonymous and encrypted nature of it has attracted large amounts of illegal activity . The Silk Road website and its successor that were recently shut down was used to sell drugs in exchange for bitcoins , the electronic currency . Other dark net sites allow users to share pornographic photographs , hacked information , credit card numbers and other illegal goods . The Silk Road used an underground computer network known as the The Onion Router -LRB- TOR -RRB- , which is a matrix of encrypted websites and servers that disguise the identity of users . It uses numerous layers of security and encryption , hiding the IP address and the activity of the user . Just 0.26 per cent of the daily internet traffic from the UK accesses this hidden part of the internet . Police seized the drugs , the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased . Tests on the tablets later revealed they contained 90 mg of the class-A drug MDMA , which the police then destroyed . The computer and the empty bag the ecstasy came in have now been returned to the group behind the bot , ! Mediengruppe Bitnik , along with the other items it bought . They described the police 's actions as an ` unjustified intervention into the freedom of art ' . Writing on their blog , London based artists Carmen Weisskopf and Domagoj Smoljo , who were behind the project , said : ` Random Darknet Shopper has finally been released and is now back in our possession . ` At the same time we also received the order for withdrawal of prosecution . ` In the order for withdrawal of prosecution the public prosecutor states that the possession of Ecstasy was indeed a reasonable means for the purpose of sparking public debate about questions related to the exhibition . ` The public prosecution also asserts that the overweighing interest in the questions raised by the art work Random Darknet Shopper justify the exhibition of the drugs as artefacts , even if the exhibition does hold a small risk of endangerment of third parties through the drugs exhibited . ` We as well as the Random Darknet Shopper have been cleared of all charges . This is a great day for the bot , for us and for freedom of art ! ' The Random Darknet Shopper project was set up as an attempt to highlight some of the dilemmas that can be thrown up by dark net markets and anonymous internet use . It used Bitcoin to randomly purchase items that were offered for sail in the darknet . The tablets , pictured above , were sent from Germany inside a DVD case and a vacuum sealed foil bag . They were delivered to the artists by mail and then put on display in an exhibition at the Kunst Halle in St Gallen . During the weeks it had been running it also purchased a fake Louis Vuitton handbag , a baseball cap with a hidden camera and 200 Chesterfield cigarettes . The darknet market features more than 16,000 items that are sold in a way that allows the seller to remain anonymous . The ecstasy tablets were found to contain 90 mg of MDMA and were destroyed by the Swiss authorities . It has become notorious as a place to buy illegal pornography , drugs and weapons . The robot software bought the ecstasy in October . It was sent from Germany to Switzerland and apparently crossed the border hidden in a DVD case without being intercepted by the authorities . The drugs were allowed to remain on show in the exhibition until it ended in January . However , the police raided the exhibition when it came to an end and seized the computer and its purchases on the grounds the drugs were an endangerment of third parties . Speaking to the Guardian , Mr Smoljo said that they had been told although the computer had purchased the drugs itself , they were the legal owners of the drugs as they had executed the code behind the software . The case has raised important questions about the use of automatic shopping bots and the use of the darknet . In the past the artists have used technology to intercept CCTV images and sent a package to Wikileaks founder Julian Assange . Mr Smoljo and Miss Weisskopf said : ` The Random Darknet Shopper is a live Mail Art piece , an exploration of the deep web via the goods traded there . '