The lawyers for a female Pennsylvania police officer charged with criminal homicide last month are trying to keep a video of her fatally shooting an unarmed motorist in the back out of the courtroom . Footage of Hummelstown police Officer Lisa Mearkle shooting two bullets into David Kassick 's back as he lay face down on February 2 that was recorded by her stun gun has not been made public . Her attorneys asked a judge on Friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video . Scroll down for video . Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick . Kassick , 59 , was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on February 2 . He was unarmed . Mearkle , 36 , claimed she shot Kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon . A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday , CBS News reported . A lawyer working for Kassick 's family who has seen the video , Christopher Slusser , said it ` leaves nothing to the imagination ' . Mearkle is free on bail and suspended without pay . He said : ` Whether she would have been charged or not had the video not existed , I ca n't answer that , ' ` But I can tell you having that video , for me - I wo n't speak for the DA - but it made it very clear the DA had very little choice not to charge her . ' Mearkle , who is free on bail but is under electronic monitoring , is suspended without pay . Dauphin County District Attorney Ed Marsico previously called the video the strongest evidence in the case when Mearkle was charged at the end of March . The stun gun 's camera started recording when Mearkle , 36 , used it on Kassick , 59 , after she tried to pull him over for expired inspection and emissions stickers . Kassick sped away but she caught up to him after he got out and ran . Marsico said Kassick was trying to remove stun gun probes from his back when he was shot . Mearkle 's lawyer , Brian Perry , said his client fired at Kassick in self-defense because she thought he was reaching for a gun . She performed CPR after the shooting . Kassick 's family said he had struggles with drug addition but that he was not a violent person . A syringe was found near Kassick 's body and he had alcohol and unspecified drugs in his system when he died . He was a construction worker . Dauphin County District Attorney Ed Mrisco -LRB- left -RRB- called video of the shooting the best evidence in the case . The offense of criminal homicide encompasses charges from misdemeanor involuntary manslaughter to murder . According to the arrest affidavit : ` At the time Officer Mearkle fires both rounds from her pistol , the video clearly depicts Kassick lying on the snow-covered lawn with his face toward the ground . ` Furthermore , at the time the rounds are fired nothing can be seen in either of Kassick 's hands , nor does he point or direct anything toward Officer Mearkle . ' Marsico planned to show the video on Monday , but Mearkle may waive the hearing . The motion filed by her defense team about the video is scheduled to be addressed on Tuesday . The offense of criminal homicide encompasses a range of charges , from misdemeanor involuntary manslaughter to felony first-degree murder . Prosecutors often narrow the charge later in the process , about the time when defendants are formally arraigned .