A New Jersey woman convicted of killing her husband and hiding his remains in storage containers wept in court Wednesday as a judge sentenced her to 55 years in prison after comparing the grisly murder to Al Capone 's St Valentine 's Day massacre . Loretta Burroughs , 63 , sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband , Danny , talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body and took his remains with her when she moved . Mrs Burroughs was arrested in May 2013 after Danny Burroughs ' body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor home she was moving out of . Scroll down for video . Crocodile tears : Loretta Burroughs , 63 , pictured in wiping away tears in New Jersey Superior Court in Mays Landing Wednesday , was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband . Victim : Daniel Burroughs was missing for six years before his chopped up remains were found at his wife 's home in Ventnor , New Jersey , in 2013 . Grief : Raymond Wantorcik , brother of murder victim Danny Burroughs , refers to a photo of the pair stating ` This is my best friend ... I wo n't smile like that anymore ' during the sentencing of Loretta Burroughs . She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007 . Investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags , with air fresheners , dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell . They began re-examining the case after a family member provided new information to the new cold-case unit of the Atlantic County Prosecutor 's Office in February 2013 . Loretta Burroughs said in addressing the court that the killing was n't planned . But friends had said she did n't want to move to Florida , which was her husband 's idea , and that was her motive for killing him . In sentencing her , Judge Michael Donlo said , ` This court has not seen anything so brutal and heinous as this since Al Capone ordered the St. Valentine 's Day massacre . ' The notorious Prohibition-era gangster was believed to be behind the slayings of seven people in Chicago on February 14 , 1929 , by hired killers dressed as policemen . Shaking his head at the defendant , Judge Donlo marveled that she had murdered her husband just so she would n't have to relocate to the Sunshine State . ` Wait until you see now where you 're going to go , ' he told her , according to Press of Atlantic City . Loretta Burroughs was found guilty last month of first-degree murder for stabbing her husband to death , dismembering him with a knife and a saw , packing the body parts into plastic containers , and dragging them with her as she moved three times in six years . Graphic : The jury was shown how the dead man 's remains had been systematically taken apart . Loretta was about to move for a fourth time on May 17 , 2013 , from Ventnor , New Jersey , to Villas , New Jersey , when authorities arrived at the door of her new home with a search warrant . They were investigating her for fraud in relation to the disappearance of her husband , Daniel S. Burroughs , 63 , who was reported missing on September 1 , 2007 . Guilty : Loretta Burroughs , 63 , murdered and cut up her husband then hid the body for six years . ` She asked if we were also searching the Ventnor house , ' testified Sgt. Lynn Dougherty of the Atlantic County Prosecutor 's Office . When told that they were , Loretta 's physical demeanor ` changed completely . Her whole body sunk . She lost the color in her face , she was wringing her hands , very nervous . ' In the guest bedroom closet of Loretta 's Ventnor home , Detective Caroline MacDonald of the Atlantic County Prosecutor 's Office discovered two large boxes wrapped in multiple plastic garbage bags . As she started to open the bags , she smelled the distinct odor of decomposition and called the medical examiner . The boxes were transported to the morgue . Dr Charles F Siebert Jr , a forensic pathologist , began opening the boxes . Both were surrounded by nine layers of plastic bags in alternating directions , Siebert testified . He also found dryer sheets , air fresheners , and scented beads to mask the odor of death . Inside the first container , Siebert testified , he found a woman 's handbag . ` I described it as olive but I did n't know the color , because it had been sitting in decomposition fluid , ' he said . Inside the handbag were a ` cranium and mandible ' -- a skull and jawbone . The second , larger plastic container contained more bones , including the left upper arm and lower legs . Gruesome : A woman 's handbag , soaked in decomposition fluid , was found in one of the plastic totes . It contained the victim 's skull and jawbone . Siebert testified that he saw cut marks on the ribs that were consistent with stab wounds . He determined that the person had died by homicide . Dr Stuart Alexander , a forensic odontologist , or dentist , from Cranbury , testified that he positively identified the remains in the plastic tote as being Daniel Burroughs . Alexander compared Burroughs ' dental records to the teeth in the skull . Donna Fontana , a forensic anthropologist with the New Jersey State Police , testified about the condition of the bones in the boxes . ` There was no gnawing from animals and no bleaching of the bones , ' she said . ` That means the bones were in a protected environment , with no sun exposure , and not exposed to the environment where they were attacked by animals . ' Fontana then used a replica of a human skeleton and photographs to explain to the jury what had happened to the bones . She said the right tibia , which is the large bone of the lower leg , had been cut with a knife and a saw . Because the cut edge was the same color of the bone , she said it had been sawed at the time of death . Several vertebrae were missing , and others showed signs of trauma , including ` linear cuts as if produced by a knife . ' Demonstration : Donna Fontana , forensic anthropologist with the New Jersey State Police , uses a replica skeleton to show the jury where the bones of the victim 's leg had been sawed . Forensic anthropologist Donna Fontana testified that all the wounds to the victim 's ribs were made with a knife . The third rib on the left side was completely fractured . Fontana testified that several of the body 's 24 ribs were also missing . Of the ribs that showed trauma , the injuries were consistent with knife wounds . One was completely fractured . ` There is a pattern of dismemberment , ' Fontana testified . Dismemberment , she explained , is usually done ` to hinder identification and for ease of transport . ' Chief Assistant Prosecutor Seth Levy argued that Loretta Burroughs murdered her husband , Danny Burroughs , for money . Danny disappeared on August 3 , 2007 . A few days later , Loretta told friends and family that he had left her . She said he drove off with a younger woman in a yellow Hummer with Florida license plates . In reality , the prosecutor said , Loretta had killed him , and her gruesome plot had begun months before the murder . Loretta worked at the Mey House Assisted Living Facility in Egg Harbor Township , now called Somers Place . In early June 2007 , she asked attorney Enid Hyberg , whose mother was in Mey House , to draft a power of attorney . Loretta told the attorney that she and her husband were selling their home , but Danny was going out of town . With the power of attorney , Loretta could complete the sale . Hyberg drafted the document . She did not charge Loretta , ` in gratitude for the attention she was paying my mother , ' Hyberg testified . A power of attorney needs to be notarized . In June 2007 , Loretta asked Edward T. Dwyer , whose mother was also in the Mey House assisted living facility , if he knew anyone who could notarize it . ` She said her husband had left her , the house was sold , but the deal was n't finished because he left , ' Dwyer testified . ` I agreed to help her out , ' he said . ` She was overly good and generous with my mother . ' In June 2007 , Dwyer asked his sister-in-law to notarize the power of attorney . Although Danny Burroughs was supposed to sign the document , he did not . Instead , the prosecutor said , Loretta signed Danny 's name to it . Loss : Ray Wantorcik had to sit through the trial but said he believed the graphic images of his brother 's remains were what had convinced jurors of his sister-in-law 's guilt . Ray Wantorcik , right , was finally able to hold a memorial for Danny Burroughs on May 10 , 2014 , almost seven years after he reported his brother missing . ` My brother won this case for himself , ' Ray said . Nicole DiDomizio , Loretta 's daughter by another man , testified that her mother frequently signed Danny Burroughs ' name . In fact , she saw her do it between four and six times . After Danny 's death , the prosecutor said , Loretta used the forged document to sell their home . The profit was $ 77,101 . But the money was locked up in escrow , and Danny was entitled to at least half of it . ` She ca n't get the money if she is married , ' Levy , the prosecutor , said . ` But she can get it if she is divorced . ' Loretta filed for divorce on February 28 , 2009 , 18 months after she killed her husband . She told her divorce attorney , Daniel Alsofrom of Northfield , NJ , that her husband had moved to Florida and did not give an address . Alsofrom published a notice of her divorce complaint in the Press of Atlantic City . Loretta received half of the money when she filed for divorce , and the other half when the divorce was finalized , Alsofrom testified . As a result , the prosecutor said , between the profit from the house , and selling Danny 's possessions , such as his tools and his collection of remote controlled model airplanes , Loretta received close to $ 100,000 . ` The defendant has gotten away with it for over eight years , with nothing left but the bones , ' Levy said in his closing statement . ` The story ends with the defendant being $ 100,000 richer and Danny Burroughs in the defendant 's closet . '