Daniel Sturridge 's season of frustration looks set to continue as he faces a race to be fit to lead Liverpool 's attack at Wembley . The England striker failed to train again on Thursday as Brendan Rodgers stepped up preparations for Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa , meaning Sturridge has n't been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn . Liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south but Sturridge , who missed Monday 's 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip , would have to involved in at least one to stand any chance of starting at Wembley . Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool 's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday . Striker Sturridge was left out of the squad against Newcastle on Monday after being taken off at Blackburn . It would even appear touch and go as whether Sturridge will be fit enough to make Rodgers ' 18-man squad , given how tormented he has been with fitness issues this season . Liverpool will give Sturridge every chance to prove his fitness but the signs at present are not encouraging . The injury is a continuation of the problem he sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22 . Sturridge missed England 's games against Lithuania and Italy with what England manager Roy Hodgson called ` a small tear ' in his hip . Sturridge admitted last week he will not be back at his sharpest until next season and he will be glad to see the back of this campaign , having missed more than five months with a combination of thigh and calf problems . Steven Gerrard could return at Wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against Newcastle . Liverpool captain Gerrard holds a ' 96 ' balloon at the Hillsborough memorial service on Wednesday . If , as appears likely , the 25-year-old is forced to play a minor role , it would leave Rodgers a decision to make with regards his starting line-up , as Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is available having served a three-match suspension . Gerrard , whose 35th birthday falls on the same day as this year 's FA Cup final , missed several games in February and March with a hamstring problem but when he was fit for matches against Swansea and Manchester United , Rodgers decided to use him from the bench . He will be desperate to play at Wembley and Rodgers , who will be without cup-tied winger Jordon Ibe , must decide whether to keep faith with his current midfield of Lucas Leiva , Jordan Henderson and Joe Allen or alter his system to fit Gerrard back in . Rodgers will be without Jordon Ibe who is cup-tied having represented Derby in the FA Cup this season . Joe Allen says playing in these type of games is why he joined Liverpool from Swansea . Playing at Wembley will be a new experience for a number of Liverpool 's squad and Allen says a positive result against Villa is required to enhance their development . Liverpool are favourites to reach the final but the Wales international maintains there is no complacency in the group . ` It 's the reason you join a club like this -- the dream of competing for the top prizes and potentially getting some silverware , ' said Allen . ` There 's a huge incentive for every player here . Villa had a great result on the weekend so they will be raring to go just like we will be . ` That will make for a great game at a historic venue . Every single player wants to ensure we get ourselves back there for the final . Everyone is ready to make that leap . We are generally a young squad who are gathering experience and getting better all the time . '