Marouane Fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in Manchester United 's midfield of late , and Jamie Carragher says Jose Mourinho will be drawing up a special plan to stop him . Chelsea face United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Barclays Premier League and both Sportsmail columnist Carragher and his fellow Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville believe Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Fellaini . The French centre back started in the middle of the park in last month 's Capital One Cup final and has become an emergency option for the league leaders in that unfamiliar role of late . Marouane Fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in Manchester United 's midfield of late . Jamie Carragher believes Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Fellaini . Carragher and Gary Neville agreed that Mourinho would have a special plan to stop United 's run of form . Carragher and Neville were speaking as part of Monday Night Football ahead of Liverpool vs Newcastle United . But with United on such good form , having won their last six league games , Mourinho will need to find a way to put a stop to Louis van Gaal 's team and Carragher and Neville see Fellaini as the main target . Carragher sees the Special One retreating into his shell with a midfield incorporating Zouma , Nemanja Matic and Ramires as they look to deny Fellaini and the rest of United 's midfield that they have thrived in . ` Jose Mourinho very rarely gets done tactically in a big game . His record is fantastic , ' Carragher said . ` There 's no doubt , he wo n't go in with just his normal set-up , he 'll use something different . I 'm convinced of it . ` Jose Mourinho very rarely gets done tactically in a big game . His record is fantastic , ' Carragher said . Fellaini could be targeted by Mourinho in midfield as he looks to find a way of stopping United on Saturday . Gary Cahill , John Terry and Zouma -LRB- L-R -RRB- could all be involved from the start in the game at Stamford Bridge . Zouma has emerged as an emergency option for Chelsea when they need strength in the midfield area . ` I think there 's a case for bringing Zouma into midfield , maybe get him on Fellaini , because Matic is left-footed and he wo n't want to put him on the right side of central midfield . ` I imagine he will maybe play Ramires instead of Willian and tuck him right in to fill spaces around there . -LRB- Mourinho will -RRB- play Zouma as more like a third centre back , but slightly ahead of -LRB- Gary -RRB- Cahill and -LRB- John -RRB- Terry just to look after Fellaini . ` I 'm convinced he wo n't allow the space and the problems they cause down that left side to happen . He will set up and stop it , I 'm convinced of it . ' Mourinho will not want to give United space and that means that he will set up to stop them , says Carragher . Ramires was also picked out as a potential player to be used in midfield , with Willian missing out . Neville agreed , and went as far as to say that Mourinho would focus on ` destruction ' before hoping to win by taking advantage of set-pieces or the skill of Eden Hazard in his analysis on Monday Night Football . The former Manchester United captain also made it clear that while he expects Mourinho to have a plan for the game , he does not see his charges winning their next three games against United , Arsenal and Leicester City to take the Premier League title at the earliest possible opportunity . ` I think he 'll just think destruction first and foremost , he 'll think how I 'm going to stop them and then how I 'm going to win the game , ' Neville said . Neville commented on how Mourinho would be focused on ` destruction ' , having Zouma ` sacrificing himself ' ` I think Zouma coming in is a good point , it will be alongside Matic in midfield . Zouma will sit a little bit to the right and just sacrifice himself in the game . ` That will then give them -LRB- Branislav -RRB- Ivanovic , Cahill , Terry , Zouma , Matic , -LRB- Didier -RRB- Drogba potentially , and he 'll think : `` I can win this game either by a bit of magic from Hazard or by set-pieces '' . He 'll play the long game . ` His team are n't playing very well , United are playing better than them at this moment in time . But he 'll stop that pattern on the left-hand side and more often than not , when he pays attention to things , he does . '