David Cameron has made no secret of the fact that he gets broody around babies , but his wife Samantha has ruled out adding to the family in Number 10 . In another joint interview on the election campaign trail , the couple were insistent that they are not planning more children , with Mrs Cameron revealing her doctor has told her : ` No way , Jose . ' She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign , and gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early . Scroll down for video . Samantha Cameron has ruled out having another baby , days after she and husband David cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley , Lancashire . Baby talk has never been far from the couple 's mind as they have campaign across the country . Baby talk has never been far from the couple 's mind as they have campaigned across the country . On Friday Mr Cameron celebrated his emergence from the TV leaders ' debate unscathed with a visit to promote help for first time buyers . The couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan as they meet her parents , Robert Arron and Kelly Jeffers at a housing development in Chorley , Lancashire . Mr Cameron was heard quipping : ` Come on darling , maybe another one ? ' The Prime Minister , already a father of four , later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children when he was around young babies . On a visit to a brewery in Cardiff yesterday , Mrs Cameron , 43 , pointed to a glass of Welsh Black stout she had been handed , and said : ` I normally just drink this when I 'm pregnant ' Campaigning in Cornwall , Mr Cameron told House magazine : ` Definitely , we are not having another baby . ' Their fourth child Florence was born in the county in 2010 . David Cameron and his wife Samantha relax in Downing Street by watching Channel Four hit Gogglebox , the pair have admitted . The Prime Minister said the popular show was ` a very clever programme ' . But Samantha went further , reeling off her favourite characters filmed watching television . She said she ` loved ' Scarlett Moffat , the quick-witted northerner who become a cult figure over her sharp put downs caught on camera . Mrs Cameron said : ` I like the daughter in Newcastle . She 's so funny , I love her , she 's hilarious . I really think she 's great . The Siddiquis are good as well . ' After sympathising with the couple about sleepless nights he said : ` Whenever I see a small baby I feel broody , but do n't worry , nothing is going to happen on that front . ' Then on a visit to a brewery in Cardiff yesterday , Mrs Cameron , 43 , pointed to a glass of Welsh Black stout she had been handed , and said : ` I normally just drink this when I 'm pregnant . ' The Tory leader - who recently ruled out the couple having a fifth child - quickly interjected : ` That is not an announcement ! ' Now they have moved to rule out categorically any idea that they might add to their brood . Campaigning in Cornwall , Mr Cameron told House magazine : ` Definitely , we are not having another baby . ' Mrs Cameron agreed : ` We are definitely not . ' She then added : ` The doctors have said ` no way , Jose ' . ' Mr Cameron chipped in : ` That 's another story , darling ... But anyway . No , we are not having any more . The last one was born not ten miles from where we are now . ' Mrs Cameron gave birth to Florence in the middle of a family holiday to Cornwall in August 2010 . The Prime Minister drove with his wife to hospital for what they believed would be a routine check-up . But four hours later he was by her side when she gave birth by caesarean section to their 6 lb 1oz ` unbelievably beautiful girl ' . It is believed Mr Cameron scrubbed up - wearing a gown and cap to reduce the chances of infection - for the delivery , which was three weeks early . The birth , at the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro , came a year after the death of the Camerons ' six-year-old son Ivan , who suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy . The couple also have a nine-year-old son Elwen and 11-year-old daughter Nancy .