Hollywood actor Keanu Reeves made no secret of his passion for Formula One when visited and sampled the atmosphere at the Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes . Reeves , who has starred in blockbusters such as the Matrix trilogy , has been pictured at Grand Prix in the past and is a self-confessed petrolhead . The 50-year-old grilled Red Bull 's chief technical officer Adrian Newey - who has been a part of ten world championship wins in the past - and checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with Sky Sports F1 . Keanu Reeves chats to Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey at the headquarters in Milton Keynes . Petrolhead Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the Red Bull factory with Sky Sports . And Reeves , who is also a director , producer , musician , and author , also said that his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business . He said : The whole thing is the most impressive thing . It reminds me of telling stories or making a film . All of the different parts - costume , cinematographer , wardrobe , all of the fuel dynamics , the power plant , body design , construction . All of these kind of teams that go to people that go to an idea that goes to a passion going towards this one event is what 's impressive . ` There 's something great and human about it , everyone coming together for this thing . Despite Reeves ' excitement at the factory , he conseded he was ` absolutely not ' the key to catching Mercedes and Ferrari this season , while he admitted he was more of a bike lover . Talking about his early love for F1 , he added : ` When I was a kid it was the classic thing where you see the cars on television . Loving the shape and sound of them , then as I was older it was the racing . ' Reeves sat down with Natalie Pinkham and said Formula One was similar to the film business . The Matrix actor also tried out the Red Bull simulator during his trip . Watch this weekend 's coverage of the Chinese Grand Prix live on Sky Sports F1 with news and updates at skysports.com/f1 .