Former Kayak world champion and two-time Olympic medalist Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival . The 39-year-old , who was already facing serious drug charges , was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4 pm on Easter Friday . Newscorp reported the powder was found on a phone owned by Mr Baggaley . Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting an officer that found him in a toilet cubicle with white powder . The kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away . Mr Baggaley was apprehended when he reported for bail earlier this week at Tweed Heads police station . He was taken into custody and charged with assaulting a police officer , resisting police and escaping custody . Mr Baggaley 's barrister , Nikolaos Siafakas , disputed that his client assaulted an officer , also calling into question the circumstances surrounding the incident on Good Friday . Denied bail : Mr Baggaley was charged with assaulting a police officer , resisting police and escaping custody . The Olympian will remain in custody after his bail application was rejected by Byron Bay Local Court on Thursday afternoon . Mr Baggaley has pleaded not guilty to the Bluesfest offence and his case will be heard at Tweed Heads Local Court on May 7 . The fallen athlete was already on strict bail conditions , including a 9 pm curfew , while he was awaiting sentencing for two serious drug manufacturing charges . The fallen athlete has pleaded guilty to drug manufacturing linked with a Tweed Heads drug ring . Earlier this week , charges were also laid for a separate instance where Mr Baggaley allegedly supplied 10 Buprenophine patches , an opiate based pain medication , to a prisoner inside the Mid North Coast Correctional Centre . In February the disgraced athlete pleaded guilty to manufacturing a border-controlled drug and manufacturing a marketable quantity of methamphetamine that was linked to a Tweed Heads drug ring . The Australian Federal Police allege the ring had established two secret drug labs located in the Tweed Heads and on the Gold Coast . The drug supply charge will be heard at Lismore Local Court on June 2 . Mr Baggaley was also charged with supplying a prohibited substance to a prisoner at the Mid North Coast Correctional Centre .