A bride-to-be who lost eight stone when she fell for a Turkish toyboy during a beach holiday , has sworn to remain single after finding out he was two-timing her with another woman . Karen Reidy , 40 , from Manchester , thought she had found her soulmate when she met Sakir Candan , 12 years her junior , on holiday in Marmaris in 2012 . But the hotel worker 's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on Facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months . Karen met Sakir on a break after her mother 's death and went on to lose eight stone in weight . Karen slimmed from a size 22 -LRB- left -RRB- to a size 12 -LRB- right -RRB- and showed off her new look during their relationship . Karen first met Sakir in September 2012 . Her mother had recently died and she booked the holiday to help her through her grief . She met Sakir , then 26 , working on a jeep safari and the two clicked immediately . Karen said : ` Sakir was younger than me but I really fell for him . He was charming and looking back , I was vulnerable after my mum 's death . ' After returning home , the pair kept in daily contact . ` He messaged me constantly and sent cards , telling me how much he missed me , ' she said . ` He sent me little love notes signed Spartacus or Emre - his nicknames . ' Their relationship continued , with Karen flying out to see Sakir every couple of months and the pair holidayed around Europe , backpacking in the Baltics and Macedonia . Eighteen months after meeting Sakir proposed to Karen with a ring engraved with his name . Karen Reidy was heartbroken when she discovered that younger man Sakir had been cheating . Karen said : ` I paid for everything ; our flights and our hotels and all our spends . Sakir was a shopaholic and I bought him shoes , clothes and a new phone . ` Looking back of course I was a fool , but I was in love . ` Sakir came from a poor family . We were planning a life together so it seemed natural for us to share what money we had . ` The only thing Sakir ever bought me was a souvenir cup for my 40th birthday - and I later discovered he had bought the same cup for his other woman . ' In between her trips to see Sakir , Karen worked six days a week in a hotel and saved every penny . ` As well as paying for our holidays , I lent Sakir money too . I regularly wired cash over to him , £ 500 here and there . But I believed that he would pay me back , ' she said . The long-distance romance also had a dramatic effect on her figure as she slimmed from a dress size 22 to a size 12 , in a bid to impress her new love . She said : ` I did n't even eat - I lost eight stone I was so love-sick . I went from 19 stone to 11 stone and dropped ten dress sizes . ' The couple 's favourite place was a Macedonian town called Ohrid , where they visited together . Karen says : ` Sakir told me we would live there together and open our own business . The holiday was so romantic . Sakir would regularly send romantic notes to Karen by post while she was away from Turkey . After discovering that Sakir had cheated Karen found out that both she and his other woman had been given the same souvenir mug from Istanbul that had been purchased in a BOGOF deal . ` But I later found out he had sent a postcard from there , which I had paid for , to his other woman . I was speechless at the level of deception . ' In autumn 2013 , Sakir proposed with a ring , engraved with his name . And in February last year , they began planning their future with Sakir arranging for Karen to meet his family , in preparation for their wedding . But when she arrived home , she got a message from a stranger claiming that she had been seeing Sakir for several months . As well as regular visits , Karen had been transferring hundreds of pounds to Turkey . Karen said : ` I did n't believe it at first . But when I went on her Facebook page , there was Sakir , wrapped around her - wearing a shirt I had bought for him ! ` I was devastated . ' The two women struck up an unlikely friendship , exchanging details about their relationship with Sakir . Karen - who said she was ` heartbroken ' and that Sakir was her ` whole world ' - also learned that they had both been given the same souvenir cup from Istanbul . Karen said : ` When she showed me a photo of the cup , my jaw dropped . He had bought me the exact same cup for my birthday . ' A furious Karen confronted Sakir and he admitted everything - even confessing he had bought the two cups in a buy-one-get-one-free offer . Karen says : ` It would be funny if I was n't so broken-hearted . Sakir has ripped out my heart and ripped off my wallet . ' Karen estimates she spent around £ 7,000 on Sakir but although he promised to pay back the cash he borrowed , she has not received a penny . Karen made a trip to Turkey to confront Sakir about the money but left empty handed . She said : ` I paid for everything the whole time we were together . I bought him clothes , shoes and a bike and I lent him cash countless times . ' Karen said : ` It all came crashing down around me . I suddenly saw what an idiot I had been . My family and friends had been right all along . ' Heartbroken Karen has now pledged to be single . She also claimed Sakir has other love interests . She said : ` I 've done some digging and found a third woman who says he was after her too . He is such a rat . ' The heartbroken blonde recently returned to Marmaris to confront Sakir about the money he allegedly owed her and why he lied to her but she said ` he had no answers ' . ` I went out every night partying and having fun and I bumped into him , one evening , with my friends . ` He had the cheek to tell me how great I looked and I said : `` That 's because I 'm rid of you '' . ` I did n't waste my holiday though . I had a wonderful time , sunbathing and partying . He 's in the past . But I will never have another holiday romance . ' The only thing I brought home from Turkey this time was a sun tan and a new tattoo . ' Sakir Candan admitted that he had been in relationships with both the women . He claimed Karen is stalking him and denied she had sent him money .