Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock slumped . Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . It was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when Google Inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $ 94 million at the time he relinquished the CEO 's job to company co-founder Larry Page . Documents filed with regulators Thursday also disclosed that Page and the company 's other founder , Sergey Brin , limited their 2014 pay to $ 1 each , as has been their practice for years . Payday : Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock slumped , it 's been revealed . Schmidt also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million . His total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his Google compensation was valued at $ 19.3 million . The hefty raise came in a year that saw Google 's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company 's big spending on far-flung projects . Analysts have also questioned whether Google will be able to maintain its dominance in Internet search as more people rely on smartphones instead of personal computers to access digital content . The downturn in Google 's stock contrasted with an 11 percent gain in the Standard & Poor 's 500 index last year . Schmidt , 59 , already is among the world 's richest people with an estimated fortune of $ 9 billion , according to Forbes . Most of his wealth has been built on the Google stock that he began accumulating when he became the Mountain View , California , company 's CEO in 2001 . The Associated Press calculates executive compensation by including salary , bonuses , perks , above-market interest that the company pays on deferred compensation , and the estimated value of stock and stock options awarded during the year . It does not include changes in the present value of pension benefits , so the AP total can differ slightly from the total reported by company . Most of Schmidt 's compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . He also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .