The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered , including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear . The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP 's criminal past emerged , leading the Premier , Annastacia Palaszczuk to call for his resignation . After Mr Gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament . Until now , the mother of his two children , Kristy Peckham has been in hiding . The ex-partner of Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered . Cook MP Billy Gordon was told by Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk to quit after the explosive details of his dark past were revealed . She has finally spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair , detailing the domestic violence she suffered through , as well as the disappointment she feels as a result of how the Queensland government have handled the situation . ` I was basically like a hostage to him , I was n't allowed to go anywhere and there was just so much violence , ' Ms Peckham said . 1987 : Breaking and entering , and stealing in Innisfail . 1990 : Breaking and entering with intent , attempted breaking and entering , and stealing in Atherton . 1992 : Breach of probation in Atherton . 1996 : Public nuisance in Normanton . 1999 : Breach of bail conditions , stemming from not attending a court summons from the 1996 incident . 2004 : Driver 's licence suspended for unlicensed driving . 2006 : Again , he had his driver 's licence for unlicensed driving . 2008 : Served an apprehended violence order -LRB- AVO -RRB- as a result of a complaint by his mother . ` There were times when I was holding our son and he 'd hit me and I 'd be curled over , trying to protect him . ' Ms Peckham said she and her partner started dating in 2001 before finally splitting in 2012 . The violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child , a boy , was born . ` The first time that I actually saw Billy go off he abused me physically . He went off and threw some things around , broke some stuff and it was at that point that I thought ` who is this person and what 's going on ? ' , ' said Ms Peckham . Their whole relationship was marred by Mr Gordon 's controlling , intimidation , obsessive ways and quick temper . ` To me , he 's a monster , ' said the single mum from North Queensland . She is intensely protective of her children -- the children that she claims her partner never sees . In 2006 , she and her two children moved to a home in Dubbo in NSW 's central west while Mr Gordon went to Canberra for his political career . Ms Peckham alleges that when he returned to Dubbo his appalling behaviour became worse than ever . For three months she was a prisoner in their home and was prevented from contacting the outside world . ` It was like a sick cycle of three months of hell . We were locked in , the doors were dead bolted , there was security on all the windows , ' she said . Ms Peckham alleges that when Mr Gordon returned to Dubbo his appalling behaviour became worse than ever . Until now , the mother of his two children , Kristy Peckham has been in hiding . The phone line had physically been cut to ensure there was no way out for Mr Gordon 's trapped partner . ` Unless I threw something through the window and broke the window , I could n't leave . Even then , he would have caught me before I got out . ' The politician has spoken out publicly , denying any allegations of violence . ` That made me very , very angry , ' admits Ms Peckham . ` I thought , ` How dare you ? You know what you 've done ! ' There are other people that know what he 's done too . ' Ms Peckham is intensely protective of her children -- the children that she claims her partner never sees . The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP 's criminal past emerged . Fortunately , his traumatised partner kept every letter , email and text and now has a damning case against him . A letter written by Mr Gordon in 2006 after his wife finally managed to flee the home serves as a confession of his disgusting abusive behaviour . ` I want to say sorry for the hell I put all through for our time together in Dubbo . I hope in time you can forgive me for the abuse . I 've treated you bad and hurt you deep , ' the letter reads , according to the Nine Network . ` I 've bullied you through our whole relationship . I 've acted like an animal . ' Although Ms Peckham is now free of her abusive partner , it is a constant battle to receive child support payments from Mr Gordon despite his wealth . In parliament in March , Mr Gordon gave his word that he no longer owed child support . As he made his speech in parliament , he was $ 24 in arrears . He had owed his wife $ 5300 in child support just three days before . Knowingly lying to parliament is a criminal offence in Queensland , carrying a maximum jail term of seven years . Today he is still indebted by $ 732.97 . His ex-partner claims he is also lying about his income to the tax office . Ms Peckham said her ex-husband still owes $ 732.97 in child support . The violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child . According to documents , Mr Gordon is registered with the child support agency as only earning $ 70,000 . In actuality the politician earns in excess of $ 160,000 every year . ` All I care about is my children , ' Ms Peckham said . ` He does n't deserve to have that type of position and power that he 's got . ` He should resign . ' Ms Peckham does n't like the way Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk handled the allegations either . She said the premier had never contacted her . ` You 've done nothing for me , you 've done nothing for my children , ' Ms Peckham added . Ms Palaszczuk earlier refused to comment on abuse allegations , but said deceiving parliament was also a very serious issue . ` That 's a matter for Member for Cook and that 's a matter for people to raise , ' the premier said . ` If someone has misled the parliament that is very serious . ' Opposition Leader Lawrence Springborg called for Mr Gordon to make a full and proper disclosure about the fresh allegations . ` He ca n't hide behind the police investigation in regards to non-payment of child support or non-return of tax returns , ' he said . Ms Peckham said she and her partner started dating in 2001 before finally splitting in 2012 . Mr Gordon has n't returned AAP 's calls , but earlier described the A Current Affair as ` a kangaroo court ' Mr Springborg also demanded to know how Ms Palaszczuk was sure Mr Gordon was telling the truth when she questioned him about the allegations . ` How did she satisfy herself about that , did she ask to see the records or did n't she , ' he asked . On April 8 , as Mr Gordon announced he would stay in parliament , he vowed to take care of his family and right his past wrongs . ` My focus now is on demonstrating to my family , my children and my community that I am a good man and that I will honour their vote for me , ' he said in a statement . ` Some people , even MPs , may think they have a perfect past . Mine has not been . I have remorse for past events , but I have learned many lessons since I was a young man . Mr Gordon has n't returned AAP 's calls , but earlier described the A Current Affair program as ` a kangaroo court ' . ` Unlike that program and other media outlets , I respect the current police investigation into certain allegations against me , ' Mr Gordon said in a statement . ` I will thus make no comment until it is completed . '