A young mum who was crippled after she dived 40 feet off Appley Bridge quarry in Wigan has described how her children inspired her fight back to health . Natalie Prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong . Her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did , she would almost certainly lose her legs . Mum-of-three Natalie Prescott , 26 , with Harley , 5 , -LRB- left -RRB- , 19 month old Scarlett , and Saskia , 7 , -LRB- right -RRB- , nearly lost her legs after leaping off Appley Bridge Quarry , near Wigan , back in 2012 . Through perseverance , she is finally on the way to recovery -- and says her children are her inspiration . But after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on Friday , Natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public . Mother-of-three Natalie , from Wigan , said : ` This tragedy brought it all back to me . I almost died there too -- and I want all young people to learn from my stupidity - please stay away from lakes and rivers because tomb-stoning can kill you . ` But in a way , I 'm glad it happened to me , because it taught me what 's important in life . All that matters to me now are my three lovely children . ' After the incident , it was revealed that her ankles were pulverised and her knee cap was smashed . She had several operations during a three-month hospital stay , including metal plating in her ankle . The accident , in June 2012 , happened at Appley Bridge quarry , Wigan , near the farm owned by Natalie 's mother , Susan . Susan was later to see the air ambulance over her farm -- unaware it was carrying her own daughter . Natalie , who is mother to Saskia , 7 , Harley , 5 , and 19 month old Scarlett , says : ` I hooked up with some old friends and on a sunny afternoon we went for a day out to a beauty spot , where rocks overhang a disused quarry . ` My mum lived nearby and she was looking after my two children whilst I went out with my friends . ` We were daring each other to jump in the water , and even though I knew it was stupid , I went along with it . I had never done anything like that before . ` I just fancied doing something crazy . I was n't thinking about my children , I was thinking about myself . ' As Natalie jumped , her nerves got the better of her and she hesitated . She smashed against an overhanging cliff , before hitting the water . After the accident , although the doctors managed to save her legs , she was unable to walk or stand , and had to learn all over again . At the time of the accident in 2012 , the 26-year-old had two children , Saskia , now 7 , and Harley , now 5 . She says : ` As I hit the water , I saw a large gaping hole in my knee . I had no pain but I was shaking and in shock . ' Natalie 's friends dragged her onto the banking and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation as she began to struggle with her breathing . Unconscious , she was flown to hospital by a mountain rescue team and placed in ICU . Natalie says : ` My mum and my children saw the air ambulance land near their farm , and they watched it -- unaware that it was me who was injured . ' Her family was at first warned she might not survive -- and were then told she would lose both of her legs . Natalie says : ` My memories of those first days in hospital were very hazy . ` I was in so much pain and my legs were just a mush . My knee cap was smashed and my ankles were pulverised . ' In August 2013 , Natalie gave birth to her third child , Scarlett , now 19 months . The mum-of-three has stated that her children have been her inspiration for recovering from the horrific incident . Before and after : Natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident , and then gave birth to her new baby , Scarlett in August 2013 . She had several operations during a three month hospital stay , including surgery to fit metal plating in her ankle and an artificial knee joint . Though doctors managed to save her legs , she was left unable to walk or stand . She was transferred to rehab , where she began to learn to walk again . Natalie said : ` It was a very low point for me . I felt so guilty that I had put my family through so much pain and worry . ` Every time my children visited me in hospital , they would cry and beg me to come home . ` My son , Harley , said to me : ` Get out of that big pram mummy and start walking again . ' ` It was very painful and so frustrating , but I just had to work hard , every day , to get myself well again . ' Natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident . And in August 2013 , she gave birth to a new baby , Scarlett . Natalie says : ` Scarlett 's birth really inspired me to get back on my feet . I had to get better , because I had a new baby to look after . ` I feel like I 'm back to being a mummy again ' : Although Natalie still has a limp and is n't able to ride horses , she can look after her children better . 26-year-old Natalie is now better able to care for her children , including Saskia , now 7 , and younger brother Harley , now 5 . She has vowed to start a petition to have the area closed to public after hearing of the drowning of teenager Miracle Godson . ` I was determined to look after her on my own because I 've needed so much help with my older children . ` I feel like I 'm back to being a mummy again , and that is such a precious role and one I wo n't take for granted ever again . ` I wo n't ever be back to how I was ; I have a limp and I ca n't walk far . I wo n't ever be able to ride horses again . ` But in a way , I 'm grateful for the accident . ` It made me grow up and appreciate what is important in life . ` When I heard that the young boy had drowned in the same spot it sickened me , and I now I 'm going to do everything I can to get the area closed off . ` I 'm starting a petition because I want people to listen to me before another life is lost . '