A New York City tattoo parlor at the center of a VH1 reality series just got a serving of drama - but not the kind that makes for good publicity . A woman from South Carolina is suing Harlem tattoo parlor Black Ink , claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain . The Harlem tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , Black Ink Crew , which has had three seasons . Scroll down for video . Scarred : Asabi Barner , 37 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem , New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred . The damage : Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1 . In pain : Barner said she trusted the artists , but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later . Asabi Barner told PIX 11 that she visited New York last year and decided to stop by the parlor to get a new tattoo to cover up a unicorn and horseshoe piece that she got when she was 18 . She said she had watched the parlor 's reality show and trusted the artists , who specialize in tattooing on dark skin tones . Barner left the shop happy with her ` phenomenal ' new chest tattoo of fruits and vegetables to represent her career in the culinary industry . Reality stars : The owner and artists at Black Ink tattoo star in their own VH1 reality show , Black Ink Crew . But the next day she was still in pain and then noticed that the tattoo started to puss and ooze in the area around her left breast . Back home in South Carolina , Barner asked a local tattoo artist what was wrong and the artist said that her skin had been ` overworked ' in an attempt to bring out a white color in the tattoo . She also went to a plastic surgeon to see if the tattoo could be remedied , but the doctor said any procedure would only leave a bigger scar . More than a year later , Barner says she has to apply a ice pack to the tattoo every day to relieve the burning and itching pain . Photos of the botched tattoo show Barner 's chest covered in raised scars that have left her uncomfortable in her own skin . ` In the intimate moments it creates a problem because you do n't have that confidence . I was n't overly confident before , but I felt good about myself . Felt good about my body , but it just changes you , ' Barner told PIX 11 . Barner is currently in the process of suing Black Ink , claiming the shop is responsible for her pain through reckless , careless and negligent behavior .