A husband sot dead his eight-year-old son and wife before killing himself at a gas station in Georgia last night . Christopher Whitmore , 36 , pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son Grayden in the backseat and killed his child before turning the gun on Melissa Ball , 27 , and then himself . Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting in Varnell . Killed his family : Christopher Whitmore murdered his wife Melissa Ball -LRB- left -RRB- , 27 , and their eight-year-old son Grayden -LRB- pictured together , right -RRB- before turning the gun on himself at a gas station in Georgia last night . Ball was seen pulling into the joint Shell station and McDonald 's in her Ford Focus at around 7 pm , when her husband drove up behind her in his 2010 Dodge . Both had got out of their cars when Whitmore drew a handgun and started shooting . A Tennessee man named Jeff Holmes , who said Ball was his niece , wrote on Facebook : ` Please pray for our family . My beautiful neice Melissa Ball and her son Grayden were taken from us tonight in Varnell Georgia . We are in total shock . ' According to her Facebook page , Ball worked at a pediatrician 's office in Dalton . Police say all of the victims lived in Beaverdale , around ten miles east of Varnell , New York Daily News reports . Horrific shooting : A gas station in Varnell , Georgia was seen cordoned off last night after Christopher Whitmore shot his son , wife and then himself . A recent picture of her has attracted a flood of comments from bereaved friends , with one writing ` such an angel ' and another posting ` miss you so much already dear friend ' . Sheriff Scott Chitwood told The Dalton Daily Citizen the couple had ` domestic issues ' . Police received the call at 6:49 pm that people had been shot in the parking lot of a convenience center at 3896 Cleveland Highway . Chitwood added : ` Investigators have determined Ms Ball pulled up to a gas pump at the Shell station in her 2013 Ford Focus and immediately after she pulled up Christopher Eric Whitmore drove up and parked directly behind her . Investigation underway : Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated . ` They both exited their cars and both walked to the back door -LRB- passenger side -RRB- of the 2010 Dodge Mr Whitmore was driving . ` Investigators determined at that time Christopher Eric Whitmore pulled out a handgun and shot their son while he was sitting in the back seat of the Dodge . ` Whitmore then immediately pointed the gun at Ms. Ball and shot her , and then shot himself . '