Jack Grealish wants to replace the Wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final . Twice the teenage winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010 but Villa lost both times , to Manchester United in the League Cup final and Chelsea in the FA Cup final four . Grealish , 19 , was handed his first Premier League start by Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers and is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date . Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday night . Grealish saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final . ` I went twice to Wembley as a fan , the Man U game and Chelsea game five years ago , ' said Grealish . ` Unfortunately we did n't win either of them , hopefully this time we can go and get a result . ` It would be brilliant to stay in the team for Wembley but at the end of the day the gaffer will pick who he thinks he will win . I go with the flow . ` To start for my boyhood club was a dream come true . I hope towards the end of the season I can play more of a part and help the team stay in the division . ' Wayne Rooney scores for United as Villa were beaten 2-1 in the 2010 League Cup final at Wembley . Frank Lampard finds the target during Villa 's 3-0 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final in 2010 . Villa are three points above the drop zone but Grealish says manager Tim Sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad . ` He 's so positive around the place , gives everyone a boost which you can see in people 's performances , ' Grealish added . ` He 's given me my first start in a crucial game which I 'm really grateful for . You can see what he did at Tottenham with the young lads , bringing them through . Grealish expressed his gratitude towards manager Tim Sherwood for giving him his first start . ` Here he 's brought the younger lads to come and train next to the first team , which is so little but means so much . ' The return to form of Christian Benteke also inspires survival hope . ` Yes , when you have Christian in the team who can score goals every game , ' Grealish said . ` We are going to go in Saturday 's game -LRB- at Tottenham -RRB- positive and 100 per cent we will stay up . '