It 's a mark of popularity most politicians would give their right arm for -- and proof that should Boris Johnson ever run for Tory leader , he has the female vote . The London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate . And as he got in his car later , he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek . Scroll down for video . Boris Johnson received such a positive welcome in Ramsgate he was driven away with a lipstick mark on his cheek . Mr Johnson recieves an ethusiastic kiss - as female support for the Tory Mayor shows no sign of abating . Two young women take a selfie with Mr Johnson as he campaigned through London yesterday . Mr Johnson poses for yet another selfie with a young fan , before he took to the streets of Ramsgate , Kent . Boris Johnson yesterday fronted a major Tory push into Nigel Farage 's backyard as he was mobbed -- and kissed -- by fans in the seat where the Ukip leader hopes to become an MP . The London Mayor took to the streets of Ramsgate , boasting that the polls were turning in the Tories ' favour . After touring shops and eating icecreams , Mr Johnson said he ` profoundly and passionately ' hopes to stop Mr Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet . Mr Farage has vowed to quit as Ukip leader if he fails to win the seat , where the Tories are defending a majority of 7,600 . After some polls suggested that he could struggle , Ukip has stepped up its resources in the Kent seat . But the Tories hope to appeal to people supporting other parties who want to stop Ukip that they ` can vote for us and cut the head off the snake ' . On his walkabout yesterday , Mr Johnson insisted voters knew that only the Tories can secure the recovery : ` There is a real risk other parties could mistakenly persuade people there was any other option . ' With Tory Craig Mackinlay at his side , Mr Johnson ate icecream in Tory party blue , chatted to locals sitting outside pubs and handed out leaflets . As he was driven away from the seat , he was pictured with a lipstick mark on his cheek . Mr Mackinlay , a former Ukip deputy leader , is locked in a tight fight with Mr Farage , with Labour 's Will Scobie close behind . Mr Johnson yesterday joined Tory Craig Mackinlay , who is defending a Conservative majority of around 7,600 in the South Thanet seat . The pair ate Tory blue icecreams at at Sorbetta as they toured shops and businesses in Ramsgate , with Mr Johnson boasting that the polls are turning in the Conservatives ' favour . Mr Johnson was met by the usual mob of journalists and turned heads as he walked down the main street toward 's the Kent town 's harbour . But the mayor - who is running his own campaign to enter Parliament as MP for Uxbridge - also drew placard-waving Ukip supporters . The high profile Conservative was not universally welcomed and was questioned by one person on why the Tories only started paying attention to the seat once Mr Farage announced he was running . Another asked Mr Johnson if he himself would vote Ukip , while the eurosceptic party ensured two of its ad vans followed the group around the town . During his visit , Mr Johnson chatted to people enjoying a drink outside in the bright sunshine at The Royal pub , visited the Rokka cafe and sampled bright blue bubblegum flavour ice cream at Sorbetta . On his walkabout yesterday , Mr Johnson insisted voters knew that only the Tories can secure the recovery . Mr Johnson denied his rare campaign stop outside the capital was an attempt to revitalise a Tory campaign criticised by some for being too negative . Mr Johnson repeatedly told passersby he and Mr Mackinlay were campaigning for ` regeneration for Ramsgate ' Speaking to journalists , Mr Johnson denied his rare campaign stop outside the capital was an attempt to revitalise a Tory campaign criticised by some for being too negative . He said : ` I think that on the contrary if you look at the polls at the minute it 's very , very interesting . ` You are starting to see some Tory leads but also the poll of polls is starting to put us ahead on average . ` Last week I think we were a point or so behind on average and this week we 're ahead . ` I think people are slowly starting to focus on this election , on the choice that is before them and on the record of Conservative government in pulling the economy out of the mire , getting it back on the road . ` There is a real risk other parties could mistakenly persuade people there was any other option . ' There was a lot of love for the Mayor when he later visited Finchley in north London . Mr Johnson , who repeatedly told passersby he and Mr Mackinlay were campaigning for ` regeneration for Ramsgate ' , said he was eager to see the former Ukip leader join the Tory ranks in Parliament . Constituency polling has suggested Mr Mackinlay , who was a founding member of Ukip and contested seats for the party at past general elections , is narrowly ahead of Mr Farage . The Ukip leader has waged his own high profile campaign in the constituency , which was won by the Conservatives on a narrow majority in 2010 . Mr Johnson said his campaign would continue to be focused on London , suggesting he would not hit the national campaign trail . He said : ` Unless I specifically tell you otherwise , I am pounding the streets of London every day . ' Mr Johnson attracted a lot of admirers as he met supporters in the Kent sunshine yesterday .