It may still be April , but Britain looks set to get an early dose of summer sun . Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- tomorrow . Not only will that be the warmest temperature recorded this year , but it will also surpass the average daytime temperature for August . That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7 C -LRB- 69F -RRB- on Easter Sunday in Aboyne , Aberdeenshire . The 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- predicted in the South East on Friday is also better than the 18C forecast in Marbella , 16C in Rhodes , 10C in Istanbul and 16C in Malta . Getting wet : Lizzie Davis , three , and her mother Emma bodyboard at Fistral Beach in Newquay , Cornwall , yesterday . Buried alive : Kyle Morris , 11 , lies in sand at the beach in Weston-super-Mare , Somerset , yesterday as high temperatures continue . Working together : A coordinated effort was made by these three children to bury 11-year-old Kyle in sand at the beach in Weston-super-Mare . Here you go : Mason Griffiths , nine , feeds the swans yesterday in the River Thames by Eton Bridge in Windsor , Berkshire . On the grass : Laura Wallis , Sarah Clarke , Sinead Thompson , Jennifer Owen and Alex Long , all 18 , enjoy the warmth outside Hereford Cathedral . Hand in hand : Brothers Michael -LRB- left -RRB- , three , and Patrick Wallace on Dollymount Strand in Dublin during the warm April weather yesterday . Splashing about : Visitors and workers enjoy the lunchtime sunshine near HMS Belfast and Tower Bridge in central London yesterday . Seaside fun : Children ride donkeys on the beach at Weston-super-Mare as the warm weather continues across Britain . Bridge over the River Wye : People enjoy the sunshine outside on the 1898 iron suspension crossing Victoria Bridge in Hereford . Sandcastles galore : People relax on the beach in Broadstairs , Kent , as fine weather continues across the UK . Meanwhile the Department for Environment , Food & Rural Affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of ` very high ' air pollution tomorrow . Its warning for the far South East of England also states that adults and children with lung problems should avoid strenuous physical activity . Experts said locally-emitted pollution that would normally blow away will become trapped to the ground for longer , because there will be little wind . A Defra spokesman stressed the high pollution is not a direct result of the warm weather , but a mixture of factors including the arrival of Saharan dust . British Lung Foundation chief executive Penny Woods said it could ` put people living with respiratory conditions at risk of worsening symptoms ' . Retailers have been stocking up on picnic food , with customers expected to head to beaches and parks for the last days of the school holidays . Three-day forecast : The weather will stay mostly dry and sunny for the next few days , although some showers are expected on Saturday . Warm week : This Netweather graphic shows how the temperatures in Britain will compare with other destinations across Europe tomorrow . Air quality : Defra has warned of high -LRB- in red -RRB- and very high -LRB- in purple -RRB- pollution later this week . Today -LRB- left -RRB- and tomorrow -LRB- right -RRB- are pictured . On two wheels : Ellis -LRB- right -RRB- , nine , and Katy Hubbard -LRB- left -RRB- , seven , ride their scooters along the Long Walk in the direction of Windsor Castle . In the water : Children enjoying the holidays yesterday try their hand at surfing with Tynemouth Longsands Surf School near Newcastle . Running : A jogger makes her way past the Peace Pagoda in Battersea Park , south-west London , as the warm weather continues across the UK . Pretty setting : Visitors enjoy the warm and sunny weather at the Birmingham Botanical Gardens in the West Midlands yesterday . Lunchtime outside : Visitors and workers enjoy the sunshine near HMS Belfast and Tower Bridge in central London yesterday . Falling off : This girl 's hair flew everywhere when she fell off her board while trying out surfing with the Longsands Surf School at Tynemouth . Busy : The Serpentine Bar & Kitchen was full outside yesterday as people enjoyed the sun at Hyde Park in central London . Morrisons said it expects barbecue essentials to fly off the shelves , and Waitrose sold a week 's worth of barbecue fuel on Easter Monday . But anyone hoping to head further afield could find themselves stranded , as a French air traffic control strike has left airports in disarray . Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday 's national maximum was 19.3 C -LRB- 67F -RRB- in Usk , South Wales . Clear skies , lengthening days and a warm mass of air from southern Europe will create glorious weather for the country as the sun shines through . The weather will stay mostly dry and sunny across the UK for the next few days , although some showers are expected from late tomorrow . Among the best coastal destinations for warm weather tomorrow will be Hunstanton in Norfolk , Whitstable in Kent and Prestatyn in North Wales . Prepared : Trainee lifeguards practise yesterday in Broadstairs , Kent , as pleasant weather continued on the south coast . Capturing the colours : Melanie Baxter , 15 , photographs flowers during sunny weather at Birmingham Botanical Gardens yesterday . Sparkling water : Boats are pictured moored off Broadstairs beach in Kent yesterday as temperatures remained warm across the country . Magpie in the making ? William , two , from Gosforth , Newcastle , enjoys a kickabout with a beach ball on Longsands beach at Tynemouth . Lake District beauty : A morning cruise on Lake Windermere on the passenger steamer Tern with the Lagdale Pikes in the background . Surrounded by flowers : Will Middup -LRB- left -RRB- , five , and Matthew and Thelma Wilson -LRB- right -RRB- , both 82 , yesterday at Birmingham Botanical Gardens . Searching : A man made the most of the Easter holiday visitors and combed the beach with his metal detector at Whitley Bay in Tyne and Wear . Incoming : Giant jellyfish have arrived at the seaside in Britain - with this one spotted during low tide at Preston Sands in Paignton , Devon . Good day for boating : Blue skies and waters were observed around Falmouth in Cornwall , with the wind made for perfect sailing conditions . Peak District scene : Amelia Bradley , five , runs through daffodils with her three-year-old brother Harry at Chatsworth House yesterday . Al fresco : Families picnic at Royal Victoria Park in Bath , Somerset , as the warm weather continues across the UK . Spring time : Women and children picnic at Royal Victoria Park in Bath as the warm weather continues across Britain yesterday . Air pollution levels tomorrow are forecast to be ` very high ' in the far South East of England - potentially putting asthma sufferers at risk . The guidance from the Department for Environment , Food & Rural Affairs affects people on the Sussex coast in towns including Hastings , Bexhill and Eastbourne . ` Adults and children with lung problems , adults with heart problems , and older people , should avoid strenuous physical activity , ' it says . Meanwhile people with asthma ` may find they need to use their reliever inhaler more often ' . Defra said that conditions will see ` locally-emitted pollution become trapped to the ground , because there 's not so much wind ' . A spokesman told MailOnline : ` Basically we 've seen local pollution and it 's a mixture of that with some air coming in from the continent and a little bit of Saharan dust . It will just be on Friday that we see `` very high '' measurements , and it 's due to clear up by 6 am on Saturday . ' Met Office meteorologist Dan Williams said : ` We are looking at high temperatures for most days until the weekend . ' He added : ` Friday is looking like the warmest day of the week - we may well see 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- or higher in London . ' England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland each had their warmest days of 2015 over Easter , but those records could all be broken by tomorrow . The average UK temperature for April is 11.4 C -LRB- 52F -RRB- and for England is 12.4 C -LRB- 54F -RRB- , according to the Met Office . Meanwhile safety charities warned people not to be tempted to swim in reservoirs or from unmonitored beaches during the warm weather . Some 400 people drown in the UK each year , the equivalent of one every 20 hours . In times of good weather drownings peak , charities said . And Morrisons said it expects barbecue essentials to fly off the shelves this weekend as the UK basks in some early spring sunshine . The Bradford-based retailer is predicting it will make and sell 1.4 million fresh British beef burgers - a 30 per cent rise on last week . It also said sales of sausages made at its own manufacturing sites are expected to exceed 1million , while 1.6 million burger buns will be baked . Morrisons added that this week it will sell half a million pegs and 62 miles of washing lines - enough to stretch from London to Cambridge . Waitrose said its rosé wine sales are up 24 per cent , strawberries are up 32 per cent , and a week 's worth of barbecue fuel was sold on Easter Monday . A spokesman added : ` Shoppers are making the most of the change in temperature and stocking up on summery food and drinks . ' Reflection : A spring morning by Anish Kapoor 's Temenos sculpture , on the south bank of the Tees in Middlesbrough . Beautiful morning : A view of Derwentwater in the Lake District yesterday , taken at 7.30 am , as Britain enjoys a warm week of weather . Misty morning : A cyclist rides through fog at Richmond Park in south-west London yesterday as the capital saw temperatures in the high teens . Early risers : A horse rider in Upper Lambourn , Berkshire -LRB- left -RRB- , and a sunrise in Grange-over-Sands , Cumbria -LRB- right -RRB- , yesterday morning . On the lookout : Deer stare over a foggy field at sunrise in Richmond Park , south-west London , as another warm day was forecast . Clear sky : A satellite view from MetDesk at 9.30 am yesterday -LRB- left -RRB- , and tomorrow afternoon 's temperatures seen in a Netweather map -LRB- right -RRB- . Surface pressure : The Met Office said high pressure this week will bring dry weather - with temperatures staying reaching the high teens . Let the sneezing begin : The birch pollen risk is expected to rise to high in southern and central regions of the UK -LRB- denoted by ` H ' -RRB- by tomorrow . Monthly means : The average UK temperature for April is 11.4 C -LRB- 52F -RRB- and for England is 12.4 C -LRB- 54F -RRB- , according to the Met Office . Stunning sunset : The iconic Spinnaker Tower is silhouetted against the sun at the end of a warm and sunny day in Portsmouth yesterday . In addition , Sainsbury 's said it expects to sell an additional 500,000 sandwiches and 500,000 individual fresh burgers to normal this week . A spokesman for the supermarket added that sales of muffin tins have risen by a whopping 350 per cent , while dinnerware is up by 35 per cent . m & s said sales of its Grill range including burgers and ` Posh Dogs ' are expected to rise by 30 per cent as people plan barbecues in the warm weather . A spokesman added : ` It is expected that our prepared salads sales will increase by 35 per cent as people are looking for lighter options . ' Finally , Aldi said it expects sales of its premium Aberdeen Angus beef burgers to increase by 25 per cent as customers fire up their barbecues .