A new study has revealed that students on computer science and dentistry courses at university are much less likely to have had a sexual experience than pupils enrolled in other subjects . According to a new survey by student newspaper The Tab , 11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education have n't had sex . 11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study , which then broke down the statistics in terms of which courses each person was enrolled on . A new study says students on computer science and dentistry courses at British universities are much less likely to have had sex -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . Nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins , followed by five per cent of dentists and four per cent of law , chemistry , engineering and medicine students . In contrast , pupils enrolled in Arts subjects like history and English were far more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university . Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex , with just one per cent claiming they were virgins . History of Art , philosophy , languages , business and politics all followed with just two percent of students revealing they were still virgins . The same survey recently showed that university pupils in Britain have an average of 8.2 sexual partners by the time they reach the middle of their higher education . A new survey of university students has revealed that they have had an average of 8.2 sexual partners -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . According to the answers they received , 22 per cent of students did n't lose their virginity until they were 18 years old , with the second most popular age to have sex for the first time being 16 . 19 percent of those asked lost their virginity at 17 and 15 percent lost theirs just before the age of consent - at 15 . A shocking 1.66 per cent of students revealed they first had sex when they were 13 years of age or younger . There was still a significant number of young men and women who were still waiting for the right partner though , with five per cent of people declaring that they were still virgins . 22 per cent of students questioned during the survey revealed they did n't lose their virginity until they were 18 years old -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . The student newspaper also compiled a list of the universities where people lost their virginity earliest . Seven per cent of people who took part in the study followed by Aston and Ulster with six per cent each . Meanwhile , one in ten students who took part in the from Lancaster University said they were still virgins , followed by nine per cent at both Kent and Royal Holloway University .