While airlines are planning to cram even more passengers on Boeing 's next generation of planes , the manufacturer says it has come up with a way to get all of their luggage on board . The world 's largest aerospace company is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins , which will be available on its 737 family of planes . Designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines , the ` Space Bins ' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s . Scroll down for video . Boeing 's roomier ` Space Bins ' -LRB- left -RRB- can hold two more bags than existing compartments -LRB- left -RRB- on 737 planes . Finding a spot for a carry-on bag , especially during a budget flight that charges for checked bags , can be one of the most stressful experiences for passengers . Boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags -- two more than the current set-up . That means 737-900ER or 737 MAX 9 planes will be able to hold 194 bags in the cabin , compared to 132 in the current configuration . Its 737-800 or 737 MAX 8 planes will hold 174 -LRB- compared to 118 -RRB- and the 737-700 or 737 MAX 7 planes will hold 130 -LRB- compared to 90 -RRB- . The bins have been tested by a group of ` frequent fliers ' who were hand-picked by Boeing . Boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times at the gate with the larger overhead bins . The Chicago-based manufacturer said the ` Space Bins ' have a lower lip height , making it easier to load bags and see inside . The bins have been tested by a group of ` frequent fliers ' who were hand-picked by Boeing . Passenger Daniel Jones said in a statement : ` They 're enormous compared to the other bins . I wo n't have to gate check my bags anymore . So far two airlines -- Delta and Alaska -- have ordered the new bins , which can be installed on existing 737s . ` Boarding will be a lot quicker plus I wo n't have to help my girlfriend load her bags because she can reach these bins a lot easier . ' With larger overhead bins Boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times at the gate . So far two airlines -- Delta and Alaska -- have ordered the new bins , which are also available for retrofit on next-generation 737s currently in use . The bins will likely arrive in Europe within the next few years . Monarch Airlines and Thomson Airways have committed to order dozens of 737 MAX aircraft . Ryanair currently uses nothing but the 737-800 on its routes , but has reached a deal for up to 200 737 MAX 200s .