Being crammed into cattle class is one of the most dreadful experiences for travellers , but aeroplane seats of the future are poised to make it a little more enjoyable . Designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom , and some of them have radical changes from today 's chairs . But passengers should n't expect any instant relief -- these seats with reclining backrests , innovative armrests and ergonomic designs are still a few years off -- and there 's nothing they can do to stop a crying baby or noisy sleeper . Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat . Acro 's ` Series 7 ' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials . The seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants . Passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy -- which brings more legroom and some of the perks of business class -- could one day sit in seats designed by Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating . Located next to Gatwick Airport , the firm is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats that are designed with comfort and safety in mind . The ` Series 7 ' seats , unveiled at last week 's Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg , Germany , . Managing director Chris Brady said the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants . He told MailOnline Travel : ` We believe that comfort is found in the spaces between seats . Chris Brady , Acro 's managing director , said big seats that are ` lazily padded ' take up legroom . Acro currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM , Thomas Cook and Spirit . ` Padding is not a proxy for comfort , padding is a lazy way of delivering the right shape . What you really want to do is deliver a shape that is ergonomically proper -- so the hips are n't shifted forward and the back is a little bit reclined . ' He added : ` If you have a big , fat six-inch seat that is lazily padded you are taking five inches of legroom . In our case our seat is less than half an inch thick at its thickest . ' Mr Brady said the seats -- with an aluminium chassis , composite materials and hand-stitched leather armrests -- must pass an onerous certification process , meaning they wo n't actually fly until 2017 . The firm , which received a Queen 's Award for Enterprise this week , currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM , Thomas Cook and Spirit . Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience . The ` Cozy Suite ' has seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle , with dedicated sleeping positions . In Northern Ireland , Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience . The firm 's ` Cozy Suite ' would see seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle to give the passenger in the middle a little more breathing room . Based south-west of Belfast , the company said the ` innovative and flexible solution ' could be applied to economy and premium economy cabins . It said the unconventional design offers increased seat and shoulder width , individual armrests , a dedicated sleeping position , improved egress and easier access to the aisle . Hong Kong 's Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a dual-user armrest . The ` Meerkat Seat ' concept has a number of features to improve comfort and store belongings . One of passengers ' biggest gripes -- especially for those stuck in the middle seat -- is the battle for the armrest . But Hong Kong 's Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a unique ` double-decker ' armrest on long-haul economy seats designed by James Lee . The armrest is shaped like a paperclip , allowing two passengers to use the armrest . Mr Lee 's ` Meerkat Seat ' concept is intended for long-haul flights in economy , with a number of features to help those who bring too many of their possessions on board . The backrest allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them . The reclining seats have enough space for belongings , plus a stand for tablets and a fixed cup holder . Passengers in the ` Meerkat Seat ' have a footrest and a personal cabinet instead of a seat pocket . It features a reclining backrest for sleeping , a tray with a stand for tablet computers and a footrest under the chair in front . The backrest seats offer an alternative to the traditional recliner mode -- allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them . The lower portion of the backrest cushion detaches , pushing the traveller forward in a ` deep recline ' position , allowing them to stretch their legs out in front . Mr Lee 's design include a fixed cup holder -- meaning the tray could be stowed -- a personal cabinet instead of a seat pocket , a hook for headphones , a vanity mirror and a shared literary rack between every two seats .