The owner of an Indiana pizza restaurant who was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on Saturday . Crystal O'Connor , owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton , said that she stands by her statement , and that she does not hate gay people - she just does not support gay marriage . She then responded to the now staggering $ 850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying ; ` God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him . ' Scroll down video . Crystal O'Connor -LRB- above -RRB- , owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton , Indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . She has closed her store -LRB- above -RRB- , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days . Demonstrators gather outside the City County Building on March 30 , 2015 in Indianapolis , Indiana . In her interview , with Fox News Business ' Neil Cavuto , O'Connor also said ; ` It is not a sin that we bring gays into our establishment , and to serve them . It is a sin , though , if we condone . If we cater their wedding . ' She then added ; ` We feel we are participating , we are putting a stamp of approval on their wedding , and we can not do that . ' And despite all of her recent troubles , O'Connor said she is ready to get back to work , she is just not sure when she will open . ` I am still shaken over this , and I will be the one that 's serving the customers and answering phones and I 'm not ready to face that yet , ' she explained . It was a contributor from Glenn Beck 's The Blaze who set up the fundraising page on GoFundMe for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ` the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front , activists tearing them down , and no customers coming in . ' As of Saturday afternoon , $ 850,000 had been raised in just two days . The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays , and just a few days after O'Connor told a local news station she would refuse to serve her pizza at a gay marriage ceremony . Speaking to ABC57 , Crystal O'Connor said : ` If a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding , we would have to say no . ' The establishment has been in operation for nine years , and the interior is adorned with crosses and bible quotes . Just outside the pizzeria , a signs states that the staff begin each morning with a prayer . ` We are a Christian establishment , ' O'Connor confirmed . O'Connor said in a recent interview with Neil Cavuto -LRB- above -RRB- of the money raised ; ` God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him ' Meanwhile the NCAA has voiced their concern with Indiana 's new law . On Saturday , openly gay basketball star Jason Collins and openly gay Division I star Derrick Gordon from the University of Massachusetts showed up to watch the games during the March Madness tournament at Indianapolis 's Lucas Oil Stadium . Both men have expressed how upset they were with the new law , and how happy they were with the NCAA 's response to Governor Pence . ` The NCAA , they took a bold step , ' Collins said earlier this week . ` I think bold leadership is what 's needed . I 'm very proud of the NCAA taking such a stance and moving forward they definitely need to make sure the fans , the teams , the players , everyone involved with sporting events , when they go to these venues , when they go to these states , these cities , that all members of the community are protected by the laws there . ' The stadium was also a protest site as hundreds of people marched through the city 's downtown , calling for Indiana to add protections for gays and lesbians in the new law . Their chants attracted to attention of basketball fans who were at the stadium for the Final Four games , and some offered cheers of support . Also on Saturday , openly gay basketball stars Jason Collins and Derrick Gordon -LRB- above -RRB- arrived for the NCAA Final Four in Indianapolis . The protest came days after Indian Governor Mike Pence signed revisions into the controversial law . The revisions prevent businesses from using the law in court to defend refusing to provide services to any customer because of their race , religion or sexual orientation , according to CNN . But protesters wanted the revision to add sexual orientation to one of the protected categories included in the state 's anti-discrimination law to prohibit workplace discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . They chanted ` Hoosiers do n't discriminate ! No more Band-Aids masking hate ! ' as they walked toward the stadium carrying rainbow flags and signs reading messages like ` No hate in our state ' and ` Equal rights for all ' . Police officers who blocked intersections so the protesters could march along downtown streets without incident estimated that between 500 and 600 people took part in the ` peaceful ' march . There were no signs during the march of supporters of the state 's religious freedom law .