San Antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against Houston on Wednesday , leaving the top three teams in the NBA 's Southwest Division separated by just half a game as the regular season enters its last week . The defending champion Spurs moved onto the tail of Houston and also Memphis , which drew level with the Rockets atop the division by inflicting New Orleans ' heaviest defeat of the season . In the Eastern Conference , No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance , and Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No. 2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee . San Antonio guard Tony Parker lays up as the Spurs overcame the Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday . Spurs win leaves the NBA 's Southwest Division split by half a game as they trail Memphis and Houston . San Antonio 's Tony Parker scored 27 points and Kawhi Leonard added 20 for the Spurs who overcame a slow start to lead by as much as 22 points before easing up . Jason Terry led Houston with 22 points , while the Rockets got only three points from James Harden over the final three quarters . The Rockets and the Spurs meet again on Friday in a game that will be a key to determining the Southwest title . Memphis pulled even with Houston by routing New Orleans 110-74 . Zach Randolph had 15 points and 13 rebounds while Jeff Green and Marc Gasol also each had 15 points for the Grizzlies , who rediscovered their best form after a rocky patch . Anthony Davis scored 12 points for the Pelicans , who dropped back into a tie with Oklahoma City for the Western Conference 's final playoff spot . Brooklyn Nets ' Deron Williams passes around the back of Mike Muscala of Atlanta Hawks , who won 114-111 . Atlanta completed a season sweep of Brooklyn by winning 114-111 at the Nets , with Al Horford making the go-ahead basket on a dunk with 19 seconds remaining . Playing without injured All-Star Paul Millsap and further undermanned after Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha were arrested early Wednesday at the scene of a nightclub stabbing and did n't play , the Hawks recovered after blowing a 12-point , fourth-quarter lead . Horford scored 24 points and Mike Scott had 20 points for Atlanta , which won its third straight . Brook Lopez had 26 points and 10 rebounds for the Nets , who are level with Boston in seventh and eighth in the East . Cleveland 's Kyrie Irving scored 27 points to lead the Cavaliers to a 104-99 victory over Milwaukee to clinch the Central . LeBron James scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the Cavs , including 10 points in the fourth quarter . Michael Carter-Williams scored 30 points for the Bucks , who are sixth in the East standings but yet to clinch a playoff berth . Zach Randolph had 15 points and 13 rebounds for Memphis in their 110-74 routing of New Orleans . Dallas eliminated Phoenix from playoff contention by beating the Suns 107-104 , with Dirk Nowitzki scoring 19 points , including the go-ahead basket and a key 3-pointer in the fourth quarter . Phoenix will miss the postseason for the fifth straight season , while the Mavericks were locked into the seventh seed in the West when New Orleans lost at Memphis . Tyson Chandler had 12 points and 23 rebounds , two off his season high , for Dallas while Gerald Green had a season-high 30 points to lead the Suns . Toronto ended a run of six-straight losses against Charlotte by beating the Hornets 92-74 . DeMar DeRozan scored 18 points and Lou Williams and Greivis Vasquez each scored 16 points for the Atlantic Division-leading Raptors . Kemba Walker had 15 points for Charlotte , which is three games off eighth place in the East . Orlando 's Victor Oladipo scored on a layup with 1.5 seconds left to give the Magic a 105-103 victory over Chicago , spoiling Derrick Rose 's return to the Bulls . Oladipo had 23 points and Nik Vucevic added 22 in the Magic 's third straight win . Rose started and played for the first time in more than a month since undergoing knee surgery . The point guard was 3 of 9 from the field and finished with nine points in 19 minutes . Dirk Nowitzki on his way to 19 points as Dallas Mavericks eliminated Phoenix Suns from playoff contention . Jimmy Butler scored 19 points for the Bulls , who had a last chance after Oladipo 's basket , but an inbounds pass from Mike Dunleavy to Pau Gasol sailed out of bounds . Portland boosted its chances of home advantage in the playoffs by beating lowly Minnesota 116-91 , with LaMarcus Aldridge contributing 24 points and 13 rebounds before sitting out the fourth quarter . Boston moved into a tie for seventh in the East , and eliminated Detroit from playoff contention , by winning 113-103 at the Pistons , thanks chiefly to Isaiah Thomas ' season-high 34 points . Washington shot a franchise-record 65.3 percent from the field in beating Philadelphia 119-90 , despite resting All-Star guard John Wall and ending his consecutive games streak at 208 . Utah 's Derrick Favors scored 18 points , grabbed 11 rebounds and blocked three shots as the Jazz defeated Sacramento 103-91 in a matchup of non-playoff teams . Indiana moved within one game of the final playoff-yielding spot in the East by beating lowly New York 102-86 . Denver 's Kenneth Faried scored a season-high 29 points and had 11 rebounds to lead the Nuggets past the Los Angeles Lakers 119-101 .