A convicted murderer who escaped prison by beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform , keys and SUV has been captured in Chicago , ending a nearly three-day manhunt . Kamron Taylor was caught in South Side , Chicago , with a loaded gun on Friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name ` Gertrude ' tattooed to his neck . Officers chased Taylor three blocks before he was apprehended . He is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the Kankakee County Sheriff 's Office , Chicago police said . Scroll down for video . Recaptured : Kamron Taylor is in custody after breaking free from jail by beating a guard unconscious and fleeing in his uniform . He had been waiting to be sentenced after a judge convicted him of murder . Fears : It was feared Taylor planned to hunt down the family of his victim , Nelson Williams Jr. . In February , he shouted at the family , ` I 'm going to get you mother ******* ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Disguised : He was captured on a surveillance camera fleeing the Kankakee jail dressed in a guard 's uniform . ` I think I can speak for ... everyone who 's been involved : tired , I guess is the word , ' Kankakee County Sheriff Timothy Bukowski told reporters Saturday in summing up the frenzied search . Taylor had been awaiting sentencing at Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee , Illinois , for the murder of Nelson Williams Jr. . But on Tuesday he attacked a guard and fled in disguise . It came just days after he shouted at the victim 's family in court : ` I 'm going to get you mother ******* . ' ` As I go home every night , I figure he might ambush me like he did my son , ' the victim 's father , Nelson Williams Sr , told WLS-TV on Thursday . Taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 am Wednesday . He somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds , said Kankakee County Sheriff Timothy Bukowski . Escaped : The 23-year-old Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr , 21 -LRB- right -RRB- , when authorities say he beat a guard unconscious , took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV . Taylor , a 23-year-old from Kankakee , is considered armed and dangerous , the sheriff said . He was convicted of first-degree murder in February in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr , 21 , and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison . Sheriff 's officials believe someone may be helping Taylor hide . They warned the public that harboring a fugitive is a criminal offense that will be prosecuted . A $ 7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor 's arrest . Twenty-eight officers have fanned out across the county , searching dozens of residences with the help of dogs and surveillance helicopters above . Analysts from the Illinois State Police have been mapping out lists of Taylor 's relatives and associates , examining his past phone conversations and jail visitation records to help lead investigators to probable locations where the fugitive might be hiding out . As of Friday morning , officers armed with rifles have searched about 50 home in eastern Illinois . Bukowski said investigators were also considering the possibility that Taylor could have fled elsewhere . Besides hunting him down , investigators were eager to determine how Taylor got free in what was the first successful escape from the decade-old lockup housing about 450 detainees . ` The speculation on my part is somebody did n't do their job properly , ' Bukowski said . After getting free of his two-man cell in a lockdown unit , where he has been awaiting sentencing , Taylor hid out and attacked the guard , a military veteran with 10 years of correctional experience , Bukowski said . By wearing the guard 's uniform , Taylor was able to fool other guards in a master control room who opened three sets of doors for him after visual verification by surveillance video , Bukowski said . Wanted : A $ 1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to Taylor 's capture . Dangerous : A woman rushes to her car in Kankakee , ill . , Wednesday , April 1 , 2015 , after being told by police that officers were searching in the area for prison escapee Kamron T. Taylor . Following the trail : Police approach a vehicle with guns drawn that convicted murderer Kamron T. Taylor stole during his escape . Once outside , the suspect repeatedly pressed the guard 's key fob to locate his Chevrolet Equinox in a parking lot and drive away . Authorities did n't learn of the escape until about 30 minutes later , when jail staff found the wounded officer , who is hospitalized in intensive care with head wounds . ` He was in and out of consciousness , unable to understand the questions that were given to him , ' Bukowski said of the guard at a news conference . A few hours after sunrise , officers found the abandoned SUV in a residential area of Kankakee and approached the vehicle with their guns drawn . But Taylor was nowhere to be found and it was n't clear whether he fled on foot or someone picked him up in another vehicle , the sheriff said . Safe and well : Authorities say they 've found a 15-year-old girl , Savannah Bell , who they had thought to be in the company of convicted murderer who escaped from jail . At one point Wednesday , authorities issued an alert for a 15-year-old girl , Savannah Bell , who they believed was with Taylor . Illinois State Police later announced the girl had been found , but did not say where or how officials found her or whether she had been with Taylor . Jail staffing levels and procedures will be re-examined , but Bukowski said Taylor 's history of violence and previous escape attempts did n't necessarily single him out for stricter security measures . ` It raises an alert , I guess , ' he said . ` But you figure the people that are locked up in our facility are n't altar boys and you take certain precautions for all of them . And you ca n't become complacent with anybody ... especially a murderer . ' Bukowski told reporters that the detention center has lost between 15 and 20 per cent of its staff , forcing guards to work extra hours in a change that he said did not go unnoticed by the 450 inmates . Asked whether he thought staffing at the jail was adequate , Bukowski told reporters he would like to see the levels that pre-dated the budget cuts , acknowledging that guards working overtime ` get tired and they start to make mistakes . ' ` The inmates could see them working a double shift and see that they were tired , ' he said . ` So all those factors contribute to what 's going on . ' He said budget cuts also got in the way of planned security enhancements , but he refused to go into specifics on that or precise staffing numbers , saying ` the inmates already know too much . ' During his trial in February , Taylor tried to escape from the courthouse minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . Several sheriff 's deputies and bailiffs wrestled him to the ground , and Taylor shouted expletives at the gallery as they led him away , according to a report in The -LRB- Kankakee -RRB- Daily Journal . He also escaped briefly after his arrest in 2013 but was detained several blocks away , the newspaper reported at the time . Taylor was found guilty of the June 2013 shooting death of 21-year-old Nelson Williams Jr. during a botched robbery at Williams ' home in Kankakee . Online court records show his sentencing is scheduled for May 11 .