The flag-burning father of a runaway British jihadi schoolgirl yesterday admitted taking his daughter to an extremist rally when she was 13 . Abase Hussen -- who blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join IS earlier this year -- conceded the teenager was ` maybe ' influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group Al-Muhajiroun . Mr Hussen told MPs last month , after his daughter Amira Abase fled to Syria aged 15 , that he could think of ` nothing ' to explain why she and two friends had decided to join IS , as well as keeping quiet about his own links to radicalism . Scroll down for video . Abase Hussen , left , took his daughter Amira , right , to a demonstration when she was aged just 13 . Abase Hussen , circled , marched at the head of a violent rally held by Muslim extremists in London in 2012 . It then emerged he had been in caught in shocking video footage amid a flag-burning mob , screaming in rage at a protest outside the US embassy in London , in 2012 . Also at the rally were hate cleric Anjem Choudary and Michael Adebowale , one of the killers of Fusilier Lee Rigby . He has now apologised for attending , but admitted going to two further rallies -- with his impressionable daughter in tow . One took place outside the Saudi embassy in London , in 2013 , and is said to have been organised by the Islamic extremist group Al-Muhajiroun , founded by hate cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed and linked to many Islamic terror atrocities of the past decade . Yesterday Mr Hussen , who went to this rally and another similar one with his daughter and wife Fetia , conceded they might have influenced the youngster , who would have been 13 at the time . ` The only reason we took her first time , was because there was no one to look after her and we both felt it important to go , ' he said . The rally was held against the treatment of Ethiopians in Saudi Arabia after human rights violations , and Mr Hussen , 47 , who is from Ethiopia , said : ` We both lost many people back home , we wanted to try to get help for people back home , too many human rights violations there . Many died . Maybe it influenced her . ' Amira was one of three girls from Bethnal Green Academy in East London who flew to Turkey before being smuggled across the border into Syria in February . Soon after , in an extraordinary exchange at the home affairs select committee , Mr Hussen blamed the authorities for failing to stop his daughter running off to Syria . Asked by chairman Keith Vaz if Amira had been exposed to any extremism , Mr Hussen replied : ` Not at all . Nothing . ' Yesterday respected analyst Shiraz Maher , senior fellow at The International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation at King 's College London , tweeted : ` Remember that Amira Abase 's father blamed the police for his daughter going to Syria and effectively misled Parliament with this nonsense . ' Mr Hussen told The Times yesterday that he felt ashamed to have been at the flag-burning rally . He said : ` I went to show my feelings because my religion was being insulted , my faith . Protesting is not radical , it is our right . ' Amira Abase , pictured , was one of three girls who flew from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing to Syria . Asked why he was pictured at the front of the mob , he said : ` The crowd pushed me . I feel tricked . I did not know who they -LSB- the organisers -RSB- were . I just followed the crowd , I feel ashamed . ' Mr Hussen came to Britain from Germany in 1999 and said he came ` for democracy , for the freedom , for a better life for children , so they could learn English ' . He said he was upset with his daughter joining IS , saying she was ` just a normal kid who is a victim of extremists ' . Mr Hussen said he felt ` terrible ' to know he had been protesting with one of Mr Rigby 's killers and said : ` It was brutal , it has nothing to do with Islam , it is not human . You do n't do things like this . ' Amira fled to become a ` jihadi bride ' with her friends Shamima Begum , 15 , and Kadiza Sultana , 16 . A fourth girl from their school , Sharmeena Begum , left for Syria in December . Giving evidence to the MPs ' committee , Mr Hussen accused police of not doing enough to warn him and other parents . Last night Tory MP Michael Ellis , who sits on the committee , said : ` I would certainly be in favour of Mr Hussen being recalled to give him a full opportunity to explain what he clearly did not when he appeared before us . ` It 's shocking and outrageous anyone would think it appropriate to take their 13-year-old to such a rally . But then to tell a House of Commons committee you have no idea why a young teenager should seek to travel to Syria , when you have taken her to more than one of these events , is simply breathtaking . '