Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at Pontins . Police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park , Merseyside , yesterday evening . Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight , which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area . Scroll down for video . Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at Pontins -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Southport , Merseyside . One man from Liverpool , who was staying in a chalet with his pregnant wife and three-year-old daughter , said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups . He said : ` It was revolting . All hell broke loose . It was supposed to be a nice peaceful weekend but we just packed up and left . It was murder . ` It all went off just after 7.30 pm . There were girls picking up chairs and throwing them and there were teenagers running riot . People were screaming . It turned into a free-for-all . Police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas . ` There was entertainment in the hall and the man on stage was still singing while it was all going on . It went on for a good half an hour and people were going outside and smashing cars . ` A lad knocked two girls clean out and they were lying there on the floor . ` I said to my wife ' `` come on , we 'll get our stuff , we 're going '' . My daughter woke up this morning and she was asking about the man in a grey jacket who hit a girl . ' Merseyside Police said it received two calls about the incident , both reporting a fight at the site . One report said 15 people were involved and the second caller estimated 20 people were fighting . A spokesman said : ` We received two reports about a disturbance at Pontins at 8.05 pm . A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault . ` Security officers were on site as well . ' A Pontins spokesman was unavailable for comment . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .