When President Barack Obama dined with a dozen technology business leaders in California four years ago , it was Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt who sat at the head of the table . Obama sat on one side , between the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Facebook pioneer Mark Zuckerberg , but the place of honor was no accident . Google executives and employees donated more than $ 1.6 million to Obama 's two White House campaigns , and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both . One result has been a coziness with the U.S. government 's executive branch that few other companies can match -- marked by access for lobbyists , mentions in nearly half of Obama 's State of the Union addresses , and a personnel feeder trough serving the White House with new senior hires . BEGINNING : In 2007 Barack Obama had an on-stage cameo with Google 's then-CEO Eric Schmidt as part of a presidential candidate series . INFLUENCE : Schmidt -LRB- far left -RRB- shared the head of the table with the spouse of a venture capitalist whose firm owned 20 per cent of Google , as President Obama dined with tech leaders in 2011 . There have even been allegations that Google 's up-close-and-personal relationship with the West Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawsuit . Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case , punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge . White House visitor logs suggest a different kind of story for the company whose motto is ` Do n't be evil . ' Employees of the Silicon Valley behemoth have been in the White House more than 230 times since Obama took office -- approximately once per week . At least 190 of those meetings were with senior officials . More than 60 featured Google lobbyist Johanna Shelton . Overall , according to The Wall Street Journal , Google spent $ 16.8 million on lobbying last year . That 's four times the amount spent by Apple , whose market capitalization is twice as big . It needed that muscle in 2011 , after the FTC found Google allegedly manipulated search results in ways that favored its own for-profit products . Amazon and eBay were among the companies who complained that Google was engaging in practices that violated antitrust laws . The Journal reviewed emails showing that Google co-founder Larry Page met directly with FTC officials in late 2012 to discuss a settlement . About the same time , White House visitor logs show , Google chairman Eric Schmidt met with Obama senior adviser Pete Rouse . REVOLVING DOOR ? Google vice president Megan Smith left her job to become Obama 's chief technology officer . Lobbyist Joanna Shelton and General Counsel Kent Walker met with Jason Furman , then the newly minted chair of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers . Furman followed up with a meeting with FTC chairman Jon Leibowitz . The government closed its investigation two months after Obama won re-election . READY FOR HILLARY : Stephanie Hannon , director of product management , civic innovation and social impact at Google , has become the Hillary Clinton campaign 's top technology guru . Google agreed to change its business practices but dodged a potential 10-figure fine -- and saved the cost of litigating a years-long case that could have resulted in breaking up the company into smaller , more market-competitive units . Both Google and the FTC said at the time that there was no undue influence . Google pilloried the Journal , which first suggested a link between the company 's access and the investigation 's outcome , saying the meetings its executives held with administration officials involved discussions about ` everything but ' the antitrust investigation . In a blog post , the company cited ` patent reform , STEM education , self-driving cars , mental health , advertising , Internet censorship , smart contact lenses , civic innovation , r & d , cloud computing , trade and investment , cyber security , energy efficiency and our workplace benefit policies . ' The written defense Google published took specific aim at Journal publisher Rupert Murdoch , and included an animated GIF of a laughing baby in a high chair . But a Google spokesperson confirmed Thursday on background that company executives has talked with the FTC about unspecified antitrust concerns in the past . The spokesperson declined to be quoted or named . Schmidt is a one-man case study of the kinds of influence a multibillionare tech titan can wield in Washington when the stars align . LEFT-HAND MAN : Schmidt -LRB- right -RRB- got a prime seat at the table when newly minted President Obama met with a group of CEOs in February 2009 . ` EVANGELIST ' : Online pioneer Vint Cerf is Google 's top ` Internet evangelist ' and also a member of Obama 's National Science Board . His ascent in Obama 's world began in 2007 when the future president visited Google 's California headquarters for a one-on-one interview , staged for the benefit of the company 's employees , then 16,000 strong . Schmidt asked him about Iran , Pakistan , and Guantanamo Bay . ` Close down Guantanamo , ' Obama replied , ` restore Habeas Corpus , say no to Renditions , no to warrantless wiretaps . ' The exposure was vital : Obama ended up lapping the field in fundraising in the high-tech sector . Obama offered Schmidt his choice of cabinet slots after the 2012 election -- either Treasury or Commerce -- and was even prepared to create a new ` Secretary of Business ' position for him . He declined all three but accepted a post on the President 's Council of Advisers on Science and Technology . He continues to evangelize about both his company and the president 's agenda , including ` net neutrality ' regulations that have big Internet service providers up in arms . Schmidt 's roots with Obama run deep . When the future president visited his campaign headquarters on Election Day in 2012 , Schmidt was there overseeing final efforts to leverage ` Big Data ' to nudge last-minute voters to the polls . He was by then already a donor to Obama 's White House bids , contributing the maximum amount allowed by law both times . Schmidt 's specialized software gave then-Senator Obama access to high-tech voter targeting algorithms that Republican John McCain could n't match . HIGH LIFE : Google Ideas director Jared Cohen co-wrote a book with Princess Beatrice of York in 2013 , three years after he left the Obama State Department to work for the search giant . ELECTION KINGS : Michael Slaby -LRB- left -RRB- and Justin Vincent -LRB- right -RRB- were key architects of Obama 's data-mining and voter-targeting software efforts , and both were emigres from Google . And Michael Slaby , the chief integration and innovation officer af Obama For America , the president 's campaign organization came over from a job as technology strategist for TomorrowVentures -- Schmidt 's venture capital fund . OFA also boasted former Google software engineer Justin Vincent as its senior codewriter , and former YouTube/Google lead Web developer Angus Durocher as its lead online software engineer . Google itself was accused publicly of favoring Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign in a more visible way . Customized search results would appear when users typed ` Obama ' into a search window , but entering ` Romney ' yielded no such help . Google claimed at the time that it was the result of a computer algorithm , not human intervention . This week the president 's new initiative linking global warming with public health includes a specific buy-in from Google . The company , the White House says , will ` donate ten million hours of high-performance computing ' and help scientists to create ` early warning capabilities ' for climate change-related disasters and related risks for diseases . Some of that work could conceivably be performed by former White House staff who have joined Google , just as the president counts several former Google executives among his advisers . Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton this week hired away a top tech talent from Google for her presidential campaign-in-waiting . Stephanie Hannon , formerly Google 's top dog on product management for ` civic engagement , ' will help her navigate the digital waters in 2016 . Poaching seasoned Google veterans is a maneuver the Obama White House has perfected . Megan Smith , a former vice president at the company , is now the administration 's chief technology officer . Angus Durocher , a computer engineer who left Google to work for the Obama campaign , tweeted this photo of himself and Vice President Joe Biden when he was at work in the campaign 's New Hampshire nerve center . The deputy CTO position was held for Obama 's first two years by another Google emigre , Andrew McLaughlin . He left the administration in 2011 after a reprimand for sharing details of government policy matters with his former coworkers via a personal email address . Shortly after Obama moved into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , former Google project manager Katie Stanton became his director of citizen participation . Sonal Shah , a former Google global development chief , moved to Washington the same month to lead the White House Office of Social Innovation . And Vint Cerf , a widely acknowledged ` father of the Internet , ' serves on Obama 's National Science Board . Cerf has worked for Google since 2005 as a vice president and its ` chief Internet evangelist . '