He shot to fame as everyone 's favourite nostril flaring lothario on Made In Chelsea . And now , Andy Jordan , who was named one of London 's best-dressed men by American GQ , is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars ' footsteps and make a name for himself as a fashion designer . Following the lead of Ollie Proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , Andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries . Made In Chelsea star Andy Jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer and stars in a spring/summer beachy campaign for his clothing range , Jam Industries . To celebrate the launch of the new spring/summer collection , Andy , an avid surfer , stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach , the closest surf school to London . Andy , who co-owns a surf school in Devon , where he is an instructor , said : ` Jam Industries is a city surf brand , set up by two brothers longing to get out of town and into our wetsuits . ' Andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear with his younger brother . Andy , an avid surfer , shot a campaign on West Wittering Beach , the closest surf school to London . Reality TV star Andy also co-owns a surf school in Devon , where he is an instructor . He continued : ` We understand that not everybody can live on the beach , but almost everybody wants to . Our aim is to provide a lifestyle clothing brand inspiring people to get out of the city and get wet at the coast . ` We believe surfing is not just a sport , it 's a culture , and one which does n't have to be left behind when you leave the beach . There may not be surf in cities , but there are definitely surfers . ' Andy , who famously dated co-star Louise Thompson , also has a career as a fledgling singer and regularly performs gigs around the country . The fashion designer , who sat front row at countless fashion shows this season , will be returning to our screens on Made In Chelsea next month when viewers will see the addition of five new cast members . Andy says he believes surfing is not just a sport , it 's a culture - and that 's why he 's designed a range of men 's and women 's clothes for beachy city goers . Andy will be returning to our screens on Made In Chelsea next month and viewers will see the addition of five new cast members . Andy , pictured , left , on stage , and , right , at London Fashion Week , is also a talented musician .