The Mamma Mia ballad Our Last Summer will feel even more poignant in the coming months as the Broadway show is set to end its 14 year long run in September . But it seems fans need not worry as there will soon be a restaurant inspired by the successful show , opened by ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus . The Mamma Mia inspired eatery will open its doors a block away from the ABBA museum in Stockholm . Mamma Mia here we go again ! Fans of the long-running Broadway show need not worry as a new inspired restaurant is opening in Sweden . Bjorn Ulvaeus , of Swedish pop group ABBA , has unveiled his new musical project , a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance , set to open in January 2016 . Bjorn aims to transport the party atmosphere from theatre aisles to inside a Greek taverna . The venue is scheduled to open in January 2016 , and is a part restaurant , part stage show and part role play , focusing on audience interaction . Of course audiences will be able to sing and dance to the Swedish sensations ' 1970s tunes , to their hearts ' content . ` They will be part of a little story in real time , which will be played out during the evening , ' said 69-year-old Bjorn . The model reveals there will be olive trees , fountains and scents of Mediterranean . The restaurant is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm . The musical will include all the ABBA classics from the show , and a couple of ones not featured . The Swedish singer sent fans into a frenzy after revealing on a new website he was creating a ` new entertainment experiment ' Fans will recognise the Greek-island setting , but will experience a slightly different story which will change night to night depending how the audience react . The play focuses on the Greek taverna called Nicos ' Taverna owned by a man in his 50s and his slightly younger Swedish wife . If the concept proves to be a success Ulvaeus did n't rule out transferring it to other countries . ` I see actually no reason why not , ' he said . ` So maybe if we find a good place in London , Hamburg or wherever , there will be a Nicos ' Taverna as well . ' Bjorn will transform a restaurant to a Greek tavern for guests , staff , musicians and artists . He hopes to create a party in an environment like the one from the island of Skopelos , where the movie Mamma Mia was filmed . Worldwide fans will be keen to see if this follows in the footsteps of the beloved show , which has grossed more than $ 600 million and been seen by over seven million people . The show opened two years after it first hit the stage in London in 1999 , and has since been made into a blockbuster film starring Meryl Streep , Amanda Seyfried , Piers Brosnan and Colin Firth , to name a few . For years the show took in nearly $ 1 million a week at the box office , however sales have declined in more recent years , averaging half that amount . Ulvaeus said the three other members of ABBA -- Benny Andersson , Agnetha Faltskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad -- are not part of the restaurant venture but know about it ` and wish it well . ' The show was made into a successful film with a A-list cast including Dominic Cooper and Amanda Seyfried .