Julie McKenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back . Julie McKenzie was assured by her GP that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine . She 'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for X-rays . These revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis . ` My GP said that as far as he was concerned , my pain was the result of the scoliosis and that I should try Pilates to build up my muscle strength ' . But Julie , 53 , felt there was more to it - she 'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013 . As she explains : ` I 'd been doing a lot of gardening , and noticed my lower back ached afterwards , ' she says . ` At first a hot bath would sort it out , but as the months passed I found the aching was bad after strenuous activity , such as DIY , and did n't go away after a bath any more . ' Painkillers were of little help . ` If I made a sudden movement , I 'd experience a sharp , pinching pain in my lower spine that would take my breath away and force me to stop whatever I was doing . ' A month after seeing her GP , and feeling increasingly desperate , Julie , an administrator , who is divorced with two grown-up children , and lives in Bushey , Herts , used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , Robert Lee . The consultant ordered an MRI scan , which showed that she did have some scoliosis and her discs had signs of wear and tear , suggesting arthritis . But crucially the radiographer spotted that Julie 's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged . It contained a tumour . Cases like Julie 's are why some experts feel that too often back pain is written off as something that is to be endured , rather than investigated . ` Eighty per cent of people will experience an episode of severe back pain in their lifetime - but only 8 per cent of these go on to suffer chronic pain , ' says Peter Hamlyn , a neurosurgeon at University College Hospital London and the Spine Surgery London . ` Many of these chronic sufferers are simply dismissed as having ` non-specific low back pain ' . ` That term needs to be abandoned and early referral for investigation and diagnosis-based treatment should instead become the norm . ' Back pain is ` very often under-investigated ' , adds surgeon Robert Lee , of the Spire Hospital in Bushey . ` This means that treatable conditions such as disc prolapses , osteoporotic fractures , deformity , infection and tumours can be missed . ' She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon , who sent her for an MRI scan . He adds : ` Most back pain is the result of muscular strains , and is short-lived . ` As long as there are no ` red flag ' symptoms - such as numbness around the groin and difficulties passing urine or with your bowels - then painkillers and physiotherapy are good approaches . ` However , an MRI should be offered when back pain goes on for eight weeks or more so that you know what you are dealing with and can treat this accordingly . ' For instance , arthritis may be relieved with a simple painkilling spinal injection . If the pain is being caused by a nerve being compressed , treatment may involve surgery . Around 1,000 people a year are diagnosed with tumours - benign or malignant - that start in the spine . In many cases , a growth on the spine will be a benign notochordal tumour . These are made of tissue left over from embyronic cells which help form a baby 's spinal cord . By the time a baby is born , these cells should have disappeared - if they remain , and nobody knows why this happens , they can develop into tumours . It 's estimated that 14 per cent of people have this kind of benign tumour on their spine and , in most , these are harmless . Much more rarely , spinal tumours are malignant . Sometimes these are secondary to cancer elsewhere in the body , particularly breast , brain or pancreatic cancer . Cancer cells often go to the bones with the greatest blood supply , which includes the spine . These , too , can cause back pain . Less commonly , the problem is a malignant tumour called a chordoma that originates in the spine . Typically , they occur in adults between ages 40 and 70 , and often they are detected late - patients live on average just six years after diagnosis . A very observant radiologist spotted a tumour , which was removed . Chordomas can occur anywhere along the spine , and the later symptoms such as back pain , numbness , aching and tingling can be mistaken for more minor strains or disc problems . As they get bigger , they may also cause changes in bowel and bladder function , and weakness of the arms and legs . In up to 40 per cent of patients they spread to the lungs , liver , bones , and skin . Although it was apparent from her MRI that Julie had a tumour , it was impossible to tell if it was cancerous or benign . The only options were to remove the entire coccyx , or leave the tumour and scan every few months to see if it grew . Mr Lee recommended removing it . ` The coccyx is n't a necessary part of our anatomy . In fact , it 's simply the remains of a tail from an earlier stage in our evolution , ' he says . Julie had her operation in October 2013 . Her coccyx was removed , complete with the 2 cm tumour inside it . The tumour was sent for testing and was found to be malignant . However , it was surrounded by healthy tissue within the bone , which meant it had not spread . ` I asked Mr Lee to tell me the results over the phone , ' Julie recalls . ` I did n't know what to feel as I was in the very strange position of not actually knowing I had cancer until I was cured . ' Following the surgery , sitting hurt so much that Julie was off work for six weeks . She now has a three-inch scar , and will need scans every year for five years - ` But after that we would consider her cured , ' says Mr Lee . ` If the tumour was found later , the outcome could have been much bleaker . ' Ironically , after the operation , Julie still has back pain as a result of her arthritis . But she feels that dealing with the pain is nothing compared with what might have been . ` I 'm so pleased I made a fuss instead of leaving things , ' she says . brainandspine.org.uk .