An investor has paid a whopping $ 71.2 million for a sprawling Florida estate - just two weeks after he gave a speech that slammed the rising wealth gap in America . Paul Tudor Jones II , the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation , bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week , the Palm Beach Daily News reported . The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom , 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access , as well as a tennis court , movie theater , swimming pool and gym . The hefty purchase came days after Jones , 60 , warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March . Scroll down for video . New home ? Paul Tudor Jones II , the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation , spoke out against the rising wealth gap in America at a TED talk in Canada last month - and bought a $ 71m home days later . A spokesman for Jones declined to comment when reached by DailyMail.com . In the speech , the self-made billionaire called the current wealth gap ` disastrous ' . ` The gap between the one per cent and the rest of America , and between the U.S. and the rest of the world , can not and will not persist , ' he said . ` Now here 's a macro forecast that 's easy to make , and that 's that the gap between the wealthiest and the poorest , it will get closed . History always does it . It typically happens in one of three ways - either through revolution , higher taxes or wars . None of those are on my bucket list . ' He said that while he is a proud capitalist because of the successes it has allowed him , he added that capitalism has become increasingly focused on short-term earnings , CNBC reported . ` It 's like we 've ripped the humanity out of our companies , ' he said . ` It 's threatening the very underpinnings of our society . ' Sprawling : The ocean-front home , which was built in 1918 , has seven bedrooms and 18 bathrooms . Stunning : The Mediterranean-style home has ocean views one side and views across a lake on the other . Impressive : As well as 420 feet of oceanfront access , the home has a gym , tennis court and boat dock . Peaceful : There is also a swimming pool , a pool house and a movie theater at the sprawling estate . Luxurious : The former owners previously sold off three other parts of the estate in separate sales . He has formed Just Capital , a non-profit that aims to boost justness in companies by asking people how they deem a company to be just - and then judging the top 1,000 firms against these criteria . Jones is married to Australian-born Sonia Klein , a former model who runs a chain of yoga studios in New York , and they have four children together . They live in Greenwich , Connecticut . He has an estimated net worth of $ 4.6 billion , according to Forbes , which ranks him at number 352 on its list of the world 's billionaires . He is also one of the biggest philanthropists in the hedge fund world . He co-founded the Everglades Foundation , which strives to protect the Everglades in Florida , and established the Robin Hood Foundation , which aims to alleviate poverty in New York . It has raised and granted more than $ 1.45 billion to the poor . Jones , a graduate of the University of Virginia , has also given the college donations for a new basketball arena and various research facilities . Billionaire : Jones is pictured with his wife , model and yoga entrepreneur , Sonia Klein , in February 2011 . Critic : In his speech last month , he said he is a proud capitalist because of the successes it has allowed him but that capitalism has become increasingly focused on short-term earnings - which needs to change . In the Florida sale , Jones bought the oceanfront part of the property , which sits on six-acres of land . Three lakefront sections of the estate were sold last year , earning its sellers , real estate developer Dwight C. Schar and his wife Martha , a total of $ 116.1 million . The amount for the entire property means it is the island 's highest ever deal for an estate with multiple parcels sold separately , according to the Palm Beach Daily News . The Schars bought the property from millionaire Ron Perelman in 2004 and 2005 for $ 85.6 million . The estate was originally designed by Abram Garfield , the youngest son of President James Garfield , in 1918 for U.S. Rep Chester Bolton and his wife , Rep. Frances Bolton . It was later restored and altered by Ferguson , Murray and Shamamian Architects LLP .