Wing 's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele . The restaurant 's owner -- Mr Wing himself -- is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible , and is often snapped in the photographs with the city 's celebrities at his five-star venue . Wing 's has been ` recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years ' , according to their website , but how else does it lure Manchester 's footballers and stars back time and time again like moths to a flame ? Here 's all you need to know about Wing 's restaurant . So , who goes there ? Wing 's is rarely short of a Manchester United star or two . The Class of '92 -- Gary and Phil Neville , Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes and Nicky Butt , minus David Beckham -- previously dined there . Yet more regular visitors include current first-team players and their manager . Wayne Rooney , in particular , visits the restaurant with his wife , Coleen , and has even helped them with publicity work . The United and England captain celebrated his last two birthdays at Wing 's , and held a q & a session at the restaurant after starring in a video ahead of the Chinese New Year on February 19 . Wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester , with Wayne Rooney a regular -LRB- pictured previously -RRB- . Rooney pictured previously at Wing 's Chinese restaurant for a Q and A session with United supporters . Coleen -LRB- right -RRB- turns up as her husband , United and England captain Rooney , held his 26th birthday there . The reputation must spread around the changing room quick , because Radamel Falcao dined at Wing 's on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £ 6million loan deal from Monaco . Falcao tweeted a photograph with agent Jorge Mendes and his lawyers , Paulo Rendeiro and Carlos Osorio , while enjoying a glass of wine , some prawn crackers and a Chinese meal . There has also been Nani , Sir Alex Ferguson , and plenty others . Radamel Falcao went to Wing 's Chinese restaurant on the day he signed for United on loan from Monaco . Robin van Persie -LRB- from left to right -RRB- , Falcao and Patrick Kluivert pictured at Wing 's having a meal . Nani -LRB- right -RRB- , currently on loan at Sporting Lisbon from United , turns up at the Chinese restaurant in 2011 . Former United manager Sir Alex Ferguson leaves Wing 's restaurant after having a meal in March 2013 . It 's a Manchester United haunt , then ? Not quite . Visitors from different clubs include Mario Balotelli , Joe Hart , Gareth Barry , and Peter Crouch , among others . There was former Chelsea defender Ashley Cole with Cheryl from their time together , and former Old Trafford youngster Danny Simpson with ex-partner Tulisa Contostavlos , too . While Wing 's appears to be more popular with those from Old Trafford rather than the Etihad , that was not the case on Sunday following United 's 4-2 win over noisy neighbours City . City goalkeeper Joe Hart arrives for Rooney 's 26th birthday which was held at Wing 's in October 2011 . Ashley Cole went to Wing 's to celebrate Cheryl 's 25th birthday previously during their time together . Danny Simpson pictured with ex-partner Tulisa Contostavlos arrives at Wing 's after Christmas shopping . Wing 's tends to be more popular with United players but attracts a wide range of celebrities regularly . Gareth Barry , formerly of Manchester City , turns up at Wing 's for Rooney 's birthday with his girlfriend . City stars Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen from their women 's team were snapped with United manager Louis van Gaal . Duggan uploaded the photograph on Instagram of her , Christiansen and Everton 's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing 's , and wrote : ` Heyyy Louis van G !!!! Nice to share a wings with you ... -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' The England striker later deleted the post . Some feel it overstepped boundaries , given the rivalry between the red and blue halves of Manchester , and Van Gaal admits he would avoid Wing 's following a defeat . ` I can go to Mr Wing 's because when you win you can go , ' Van Gaal told reporters in a press conference . ` When you lose then the fans are saying , `` what is Mr Louis van Gaal doing ? Losing and he goes to the best restaurant of Manchester ? '' Now I can go . Maybe I shall go . ' Louis van Gaal pictured with Manchester City women 's players Toni Duggan -LRB- left -RRB- and Isobel Christiansen -LRB- far right -RRB- , while they were joined by Everton 's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing 's restaurant . Peter Crouch is another that has visited Wing 's as footballers and celebrities flock to the restaurant . Just footballers , then ? Mainly , but not exclusively . Frankie Sandford from The Saturdays has been snapped there , as has model Kelly Brook , and even Andrew Lloyd Webber and Nicole Scherzinger . Not forgetting Clare Balding , and I 'm A Celebrity , Get Me Out Of Here duo Ant and Dec , too . Rory McIlroy attended a meal with Rooney there , too . Celebrities are never far away at Wing 's . Frankie Sandford from The Saturdays has been snapped arriving at Wing 's previously . Rory McIlroy attended a meal for United and England captain Rooney at the Chinese restaurant . Andrew Lloyd Webber and Nicole Scherzinger went for a meal at Wing 's in Manchester 's cite centre . Kelly Brook pictured in July 2014 leaving Wing 's with her fiance David McIntosh . I 'm A Celebrity , Get Me Out Of Here duo Ant and Dec went when Britain 's Got Talent was in Manchester . Who is the owner and where is it ? Wing Shing Chu owns the restaurant based at 1 Lincoln Square in the heart of the city 's bustling Chinatown district . The man commonly known by Mr Wing used to worked in Manchester 's Chinatown before moving to Cheadle Hulme , near Stockport , and opening a Wing 's restaurant there . He was so successful , however , that he left his wife in charge of that establishment and opened his flagship restaurant in the city centre . It 's only got more popular since . Van Persie previously went to Wing 's with Clare Balding and owner Wing Shing Chu -LRB- right -RRB- got in on the snap . Van Gaal embraces owner of the restaurant Mr Wing after having a meal following United 's 4-2 win over City . Is it expensive ? If you fancy splashing out , you can . The restaurant 's most expensive bottle of wine -- a 1983 Chateau Margaux from France -- costs £ 999 . Rooney might be able to afford that , but for those of us not on £ 300,000 per week , there are more reasonable options . Wing 's have an extensive a la carte menu , but also two set banquet options coming in at £ 30.90 or £ 44.90 per person . Banquet B at £ 44.90 per person , for example , offers : . Starter - Steamed scallop in shell with garlic and glass vermicelli . Second course - Baked lobster with ginger and spring onions . Main courses - Crispy chilli shredded fillet steak , steamed sea bass with ginger and spring onions in soya sauce , quick-fried sea treasures -LRB- monk-fish fillet , scallops and king prawns -RRB- , stir-fried king prawns and Chinese greens , as well as pak far roasted duck , all served with mixed seafood fried rice . Dessert - Fresh fruit platter . The restaurant 's most expensive bottle of wine -- a 1983 Chateau Margaux from France -- costs £ 999 . What about the dress code ? City striker Balotelli plays by his own rules and clearly did not take notice of the dress code stated on the restaurant 's website when he visited with his ex-girlfriend Raffaella Fico . It states : ` We kindly request for smart dress at all times -LRB- i.e. no trainers , sandals , shorts , casual sportswear -RRB- . Your cooperation is much appreciated . Many thanks . ' Mario Balotelli , pictured with ex-girlfriend Raffaella Fico , did not take notice of the restaurant 's dress code .