Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of Director of England cricket -- and for captain Alastair Cook the move can not come soon enough if it gets him out of the commentary box . Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC 's commentary team but has made no secret in his desire to replace Paul Downton in the top job in English cricket . But in his role as a commentator for Test Match Special the former England skipper put the ultimate curse on Cook by praising him moments before he lost his wicket in the second innings . Alastair Cook walks off after being dismissed by Jerome Taylor . Cook kicks out in frustration after being dismissed for 13 caught by Sulieman Benn . Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed . Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year . The England captain scored 11 in the first innings but was looking better in the seconding innings which lead Vaughan praise him in the commentary box . He said : ` I know it is early and I know they will say it is commentator 's curse , but I am watching his -LRB- Cook 's -RRB- movement . And the movement is so much better than last year . You watch his right foot , he goes back with his left foot now ... ' But before Vaughan could finish his sentence Cook was tempted to follow a Jerome Taylor delivery outside off stump and squirted a waist-high catch to gully for 13 . Despite being the favourite for the director of cricket job , Vaughan is seeking more clarity over the role . Speaking earlier this week , he said : ` I think the role needs to be defined , what exactly it is and what the team require . I do n't think anyone can say whether they are interested or not until then . ` All I 've said is I 'd like to know what that role is , as Andrew Strauss has said , and Alec Stewart . All of us would be ¬ interested if the role was right . So it 's just a case of waiting to see . ' But despite an Ashes summer on the horizon , Vaughan added : ` I do n't think the ECB have to panic . They have to take their time . ` We have a big summer coming up , but this is about the future of England cricket . '