The Scottish Football Association have failed in their to have the punishment handed to Rangers goalkeeper Steve Simonsen for breaching betting laws increased . The 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA 's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year . But SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision , claiming his punishment was ` unduly lenient ' . The Scottish FA have failed in their attempt to further punish Rangers ' goalkeeper Steve Simonsen for betting . However , Simonsen 's legal team from the ProLegal group have confirmed the Englishman will not face a further suspension after the SFA 's appeal was rejected by an appellate tribunal . They tweeted : ` SFA Appeal against Steve Simonsen suspension fails . ' Simonsen had not bet on any games relating to his club 's competitions and was given a one-match ban with another suspended when an SFA-convened judicial panel convened on February 12 . He missed the club 's February 13 clash with Hibernian but has not played since after dropping down Gers ' goalkeeping pecking order . Previous judicial panels have issued more severe punishments for betting offences , but they have involved players betting on games in which they were involved . In September 2013 , Simonsen 's Ibrox team-mate Ian Black was handed a 10-game ban - seven of which were suspended - and a £ 7,500 fine after admitted to placing 160 football bets over a seven-year period . Three of the matches involved bets placed against the former Hearts and Inverness midfielder 's own team , which included a gamble that Rangers would draw against East Stirlingshire . Black scored the third goal in his side 's 4-2 win , a result that scuppered his own accumulator . Five months later , Ayr United frontman Michael Moffat was given a four-game ban - with another two suspended - after he was found guilty of placing seven bets on six matches involving his own team . Moffat , who avoided a fine , was also found guilty of placing an additional 150 bets on other games . Simonsen placed bets on a total of 50 games over the course of a year and served a one-match ban .