She spent last weekend hobnobbing with Middle Eastern royals in Bahrain , but that clearly is n't enough for jetsetting Princess Beatrice . The royal arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference and has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion 's biggest names . Today , a businesslike Beatrice was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference . Scroll down for video . Fashionable friends : Princess Beatrice -LRB- centre -RRB- poses alongside Tory Burch in Florence this morning . Lost in thought : The Princess looked serious as she listened to the presentations being made on stage . Afterwards , she stopped to pose with US designer Tory Burch - the latest in a string of big name designers to strike a pose with the Princess in the last 24 hours . Last night , she was photographed enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren 's middle son David during a lavish party at the sprawling Palazzo Corsini . She also met International Vogue Editor Suzy Menkes and Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld during the first day of the conference , which is being held at the 700-year-old Palazzo Vecchio . The glamorous gathering in Florence is just the latest in a series of glitzy jaunts for the jet-setting royal , who has faced criticism in recent weeks over the amount of time she spends abroad . In the last two months alone , she has enjoyed skil holidays in Verbier , where her parents own a luxury chalet , and Colorado , and travelled to Greece , New York and , most recently , Bahrain . There , she was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark and viewed the action from a private box beside the country 's Crown Prince , Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa . On her travels : Princess Beatrice pictured with David Lauren , son of Ralph , in Florence yesterday . Mingling : Beatrice with Suzy Menkes -LRB- left -RRB- and another fashionable guest at Palazzo Corsini . Fashion fan : Beatrice arrives for the first day of the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference yesterday . Enraptured : Beatrice sat in the audience to watch a discussion between Ms Menkes and Karl Lagerfeld . Styled up : Beatrice looked chic in a black leather jacket , a white shirt and an on-trend print shirt . She was also pictured enjoying a chat with another royal famed for his love of luxury living , Spain 's big-spending former king Juan Carlos II . Unfortunately for Beatrice , her travelling days could be numbered with the Princess on the verge of relocating to the New York to take up a new job . The job , which is thought to be in finance , will be her first since leaving her internship at Sony following last November 's cyber attacks . Since then , her life has been a round of parties and beaches , beginning with a trip to the Middle East to see the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix the same month . Days later Beatrice and Mr Clark , a Virgin Galactic executive , flew to Beijing , where they joined her mother Sarah Ferguson and sister Eugenie for the wedding of photographer and graphic designer Victoria Tang to Hong Kong lawyer Christopher Owen . Jet-set : The trip came days after she was seen watching the Bahrain Grand Prix with Juan Carlos II of Spain . And relax : Beatrice on a weekend away in Greece with friends last month . Chilling in the Caribbean : Beatrice during her trip to St. Barts in January . Next , Beatrice soaked up the sun with Mr Clark on two trips to Caribbean island St Barts , at one point staying on tycoon Lakshmi Mittal 's yacht . She also squeezed in three trips to her parents ' £ 13million chalet in Verbier , Switzerland . Last month she flew to New York to celebrate sister Eugenie 's 25th birthday during her third US jaunt this year alone .