Real Madrid 's last win against Atletico Madrid came in the Champions League final less than a year ago , but in the time since that memorable night in Lisbon Carlo Ancelotti 's side have failed to win any of their last seven games against their city rivals . Wednesday night 's Champions League quarter-final second leg will be the eighth time the two teams have met since last season 's final , with Diego Simeone 's men emerging victorious on four occasions over the previous eight months . Real needed a late equaliser from Sergio Ramos and extra-time to beat Atleti at Benfica 's Estadio da Luz in May last year but Los Rojiblancos have gained a measure of revenge since . Cristiano Ronaldo could n't find the back of the net as Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid last week . Gareth Bale scores in extra-time during Real 's Champions League final win against Atletico last season . Real Madrid have not beaten rivals Atletico since victory in Lisbon , losing four games and drawing three . Real Madrid wins - 0 . Atletico Madrid wins - 4 . Draws - 3 . Real Madrid goals - 4 . Atletico Madrid goals - 12 . Atletico 's dominance began with victory in the Spanish Super Cup , a two-legged tie played between the winners of La Liga and the Copa del Rey . A late equaliser from Raul Garcia cancelled out James Rodriguez 's opener at the Bernabeu before Mario Manduzkic netted the only goal of the game at the Vicente Calderon to seal a 2-1 win on aggregate . Less than a month later and Simeone 's men were at it again , this time defeating Los Blancos in their own backyard in La Liga . A penalty from Cristiano Ronaldo got the hosts level after Tiago 's early header but Arda Turan popped up in the 76th minute to sweep the ball past Iker Casillas and secure a 2-1 triumph . Atletico 's third win against Real this season arrived in January when the two sides met in the last 16 of the Copa del Rey . With the first leg on home soil , Fernando Torres made a winning return to his boyhood club as he helped the hosts earn a 2-0 win courtesy of goals from Garcia and Jose Maria Gimenez . Arda Turan -LRB- left -RRB- and Raul Garcia -LRB- right -RRB- celebrate after scoring winning goals against Real Madrid . Fernando Torres scores his second goal during Atletico 's 2-2 draw with Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey . Atleti finished the job at the Bernabeu with goals in the first minute of each half from Torres helping them to a 2-2 draw on the night and 4-2 victory on aggregate . Real 's most humiliating result in their seven-game winless streak arrived at the Vicente Calderon on February 7 as Gareth Bale and Co suffered their heaviest defeat in over four years . Goals from Tiago , Saul Niguez , Antoine Griezmann and Mandzukic earned the reigning champions a 4-0 win to maintain their hopes of a second consecutive title . The two sides played out a goalless draw in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final last week , with Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak widely praised for denying Real a crucial away goal . Atletico midfielder Saul Niguez pulls off an acrobatic overhead kick to score in his side 's 4-0 win against Real . Ronaldo looks dejected during Real Madrid 's heaviest defeat in over four years against city rivals Atletico .