A Japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his Apple collection a good wash . The unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his iMac , iPhone , iPad and accessories in the bath tub . She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi , and sent them to him . Presumably on the one item of technology that was n't currently taking a long soak . A Japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his Apple collection a good wash . The woman scorned took the trouble to give his iMac - which start at £ 899 - a single soaking . As most of us know , a substantial splash is enough to send your gadget to glitch town , and so the dip this man 's prized collection took is sure to prove irreversible damage . Particularly as the woman scorned took the trouble to give his iMac - which start at £ 899 - a single soaking . Just to make doubly sure the water damage was total . Even if he tries the recommended trick of leaving his gadgets in uncooked rice for 48 hours , we think all the rice in Japan could n't dry this lot out . Clearly feeling little remorse for his sins and perhaps looking for sympathy , the unnamed man , also from Japan , Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2 . Retweeted more than 15,400 times , the response has been mixed . The hearts of Apple fans are mainly with the man , with the general consensus being that destroying a fellow 's prized Apple collection is a bit harsh , even if he did cheat . This Twitterer fully supported the Japanese woman 's actions , hailing it as ` the best revenge ' @womenspeakup pointed out that the guy should be counting his lucky stars that it was his Apple and not his , er , banana that paid the price of cheating . @jewlish spoke the words of women the world over with a ` you go , girl ! ' . Japanese @Allorcer90 took the time to explain the images to the English-speaking Twitterers who wondered what they were about , adding that it will make you think twice about cheating . While others agree that revenge is a dish best served in hot water . Although a lot of the comments were in Japanese -LRB- and the ` translate ' button did little to help -RRB- , the English-language responses were in favour of the woman 's methods . @babysdoc hailed it as ` the best revenge ' , while @jewlish spoke the words of women the world over with a ` you go , girl ! ' . @womenspeakup pointed out that the guy should be counting his lucky stars that it was his Apple and not his , er , banana that paid the price of cheating , referring to Lorena Bobbit who cut off her husband 's penis with a knife . Meanwhile , Japanese @Allorcer90 took the time to explain the images to the English-speaking Twitterers who wondered what they were about , adding , ` Haha makes you think twice about cheating on your significant other haha ! '