Real Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to just two points at the top of La Liga , but will be praying injuries to Gareth Bale and Luka Modric do n't derail their season . Both Los Blancos stars were substituted as Carlo Ancelotti 's side struggled to overcome a spirited Malaga , who had chances to snatch a draw . Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for Sergio Ramos and James Rodriguez , before adding the third himself , as Madrid kept within touching distance of league leaders Barcelona . Sergio Ramos celebrates scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute against Malaga . Real Madrid captain Ramos celebrates with his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo . James Rodriguez made it 2-0 for Real Madrid in the 69th-minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty . Malaga then pulled one back but Ronaldo look delighted after making up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1 . Real Madrid : Casillas , Pepe , Ramos , Marcelo , Arbeloa -LRB- Carvajal 76 ' -RRB- , Kroos , Rodriguez , Modric -LRB- Illarramendi 60 ' -RRB- , Isco , Ronaldo , Bale -LRB- Hernandez 5 ' -RRB- . Subs not used : Navas , Silva , Fernandez , Jese . Booked : Arbeloa , Kroos . Goals : Ramos 24 ' Rodriguez 69 ' Ronaldo 90 ' Malaga : Kameni , Angeleri , Roseles , Boka , Sanchez , Amrabat , Garcia , Recio -LRB- Damian Tissone 75 ' -RRB- , Castillejo -LRB- Horta 81 ' -RRB- , Darder -LRB- Duda 87 -RRB- , Juanmi . Subs not used : Guerra , Ochoa , Torres , Filipenko . Booked : Sanchez , Damian Tissone . Goals : Juanmi 71 ' After just four minutes , Bale 's game was over . The Welshman tenderly touched his calf and made a pulling motion with his hands to the bench as he left the pitch , which might imply internal muscle damage . Given that Karim Benzema was injured after a brutal Champions League encounter with City rivals Atletico Madrid in midweek , Bale 's injury took the famous `` BBC '' strikeforce just down to C. That 's the grade you 'd give it too , in 2015 , when compared to the performances of Barcelona 's trio . Isco came in for Benzema , with the Frenchman 's injury solving a problem that was brewing at Real Madrid , with Carlo Ancelotti having to choose between the former Malaga man , and James Rodriguez . The latter was chosen over the former to face Atletico , leading to stories of angst on Isco 's part , but the issue was resolved by Benzema 's timely absence . Modric , meanwhile , was taken out by a Recio challenge in the second half . It was n't too fierce a tackle , but the Croatian took a strong knock to his knee and is now a doubt for Wednesday 's second leg against Atletico . Malaga , having beaten Barcelona at Camp Nou earlier this season , and drawn with champions Atletico Madrid last week , are no La Liga whipping boys and they came to the Santiago Bernabeu with the belief they could win . Nordin Amrabat , on loan from Galatasaray , charged forward battling with Pepe , escaped the Real Madrid defender and crossed for Juanmi , but the forward could n't connect and the chance was gone . The Dutchman stung Iker Casillas ' fingertips with a strike from distance , the veteran stopper tipping his effort behind for a corner . Carlos Idriss Kameni was forced into a similar save at the other end , spectacularly flicking a header from Bale 's replacement , Javier Hernandez , over the bar . Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu . The Welsh forward was forced to go off to be replaced in the early stages of proceedings . Ramos tucks the ball in to open the scoring for Real Madrid at the Bernabeu . The defender slides on his knees in front of the Real Madrid fans after netting . Real Madrid broke the deadlock in controversial fashion , when Ronaldo fired in a free kick from the left and Ramos rammed home from close range . The defender seemed fractionally offside , but despite Kameni 's cries , the goal was allowed to stand . The Cameroonian goalkeeper was called into action again shortly afterwards , making a fine save down to his right from a James volley . With the most expensive player in the world off the pitch , the second most expensive was having fun . Ronaldo pulled off a quite ridiculous backheel-nutmeg on Marcos Angeleri . In the following minute Ramos had the ball in the net again , nodding home a Toni Kroos free-kick , but this time the officials spotted he was offside and ruled it out . Malaga flew down the other end and created a magnificent opportunity , which Sergi Darder blazed over the bar when he should have found the net . Juanmi 's cross was half-cleared by Marcelo and Darder pounced , but lacked balance and spooned his strike off-target from eight yards . Amrabat , flying down the right early in the second half , tried to find Juanmi with a low cross , but it flew past the forward and Casillas gathered it . Ronaldo had the perfect opportunity to put the game beyond Malaga when James was taken down in the box by Samu Castillejo , but lacked his characteristic cool and fired the penalty against the left upright . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas dives to the floor to grab the ball against Malaga during the La Liga clash . Real Madrid forward Ronaldo -LRB- right -RRB- in action against Malaga 's Samuel Garcia at the Bernabeu . Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti watches on from the sidelines during his side 's clash with Malaga . But Real Madrid did n't have long to wait for their second , with James scoring in spectacular fashion just a minute later . He played two one-twos on the edge of the box with Isco and Ronaldo , before lashing the ball into Kameni 's top right corner . Game over ? Not quite . Malaga were straight down the other end and on the scoresheet , with Roberto Rosales whipping the ball in from the right for Juanmi to head home . Amrabat had a chance to run through after a Marcelo mis-step - this was a rare poor performance for the Brazilian - but Kroos resorted to a blatant kick to stop him . The German went into the book , with the foul a symbol of how Madrid were struggling to prevent the Andalusian side from getting forward on the break . Ronaldo saw his second-half penalty hit the post after Malaga goalkeeper Carlos Kameni had gone the right way . Real Madrid forward Ronaldo looks frustrated after missing a penalty during the second half . But Rodriguez soon doubled Real Madrid 's lead just a couple of minutes after Ronaldo had missed the penalty . Ronaldo celebrates after securing the 3-1 victory late on after Malaga had pulled one back . Ronaldo 's evening was saved on a personal level at the end , with Hernandez selflessly squaring the ball for the forward to tap home at the far post . His celebration was excessive , considering Madrid had essentially won the game and it was a simple finish , but that 's what happens when you have to keep up with the Joneses . Or in this case , the Messis . The Argentine had scored for Barcelona earlier , so Ronaldo would have left frustrated had he not been able to replicate Messi 's effort , grabbing his 39th goal of the season in La Liga , and his 50th in all competitions . Ronaldo became the first ever player to net 50 goals in five consecutive seasons , an incredible statistic , but Ancelotti 's mind will now turn to Wednesday night and another incredible statistic . He has faced Atletico Madrid seven times so far this season and not won a single game . Will he be forced to try it without Modric and Bale in the eighth ?