Victim : Dr Martin Luther King . The FBI repeatedly deceived Congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of Martin Luther King , a new book claims . Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth . Wexler said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the FBI - but now we may never know what happened . By destroying the files the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional Committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former President John F Kennedy . Wexler told Daily Mail Online that the bureau 's actions were ` disturbing ' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever . King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis , Tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement . Power : Dr King 's leadership of the civil rights movement was demonstrated in the I Have A Dream speech in 1963 . His death on 4 April 1968 shocked a nation already scarred by the deaths of President John F Kennedy - and the civil leader 's murder was followed by that of Robert Kennedy . Guard : The balcony at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis , Tennessee , where Dr King was shot . Caught : James Earl Ray , the assassin of Dr. Martin Luther King Jnr . being taken to his cell by Sheriff William Morris , in Memphis Tennessee , July 19 , 1968 . He had been on the run since the death . Key figures : James Earl Ray -LRB- left -RRB- in the wanted picture issued by the FBI . Joseph Milteer -LRB- right -RRB- was a racist known for a covertly recorded interview in 1963 in which he spoke of the Kennedy and King assassinations before they happened . Interest in King 's life has been renewed since the release of the Oscar-winning film ` Selma ' , about the historic march from the Alabama town , which was 50 years ago this year . But Wexler said that there are still many unanswered questions about his death which he addresses in a new e-book called ` Killing King ' . The FBI plot began when the House Committee on Assassinations was set up in 1976 - it would finish its inquiries into the killing of King and Kennedy in 1978 . Wexler said that the FBI appears to have been spooked after an investigative reporter called Dan Christensen published a number of articles about the Miami connection to both assassinations , articles which the committee were interested in . Wexler said that , according to his research , in 1977 the MURKIN -LRB- murder of King -RRB- files were destroyed from the FBI field offices in Miami and Mobile , Alabama . Crucially , both had information on Tommy Tarrants , a former high ranking Klan member from Mississippi . Wexler said that something in that file made the FBI upgrade Tarrants from a little-known racist activist to major player in the King assassination to the point where they showed his picture to witnesses at major crime scenes . What that something was , it now seems we will never know . Also destroyed from the Miami field office was the the file on Joseph Milteer , a well-known racist who is known for a covertly recorded interview he gave in 1963 in which he talks about the Kennedy assassination and the King assassination before they happened . Wexler said : ` It 's entirely possible that Milteer was raising the bounty money for King 's assassination . ' The destruction of the files broke a key rule of the FBI 's record keeping ; that it does n't get rid of information on people who are still alive . Tarrants was alive then - and he still is today . According to Wexler , every other field office investigation of the King murder was preserved , just as Congress ordered , and eventually transferred to the national Archives and Records Administration . Wexler said : ` I have no doubt this was done deliberately . They are not destroying everybody 's files , they are selectively destroying files . ` They wanted Tarrants to give evidence to the committee , they did n't want him to be a suspect . KKK : Tommy Tarrants was a figure in the KKK and seemed initially marginal to the investigation into the MLK murder but was suddenly made a significant figure . Was it because of his links to another more senior figure that files were destroyed ? In charge : J Edgar Hoover , the FBI chief , had condemned Dr King and had a mantra that protecting the bureau 's reputation was all that mattered . Wexler says his successor stuck to that belief . Dramatic hearing : James Earl Ray testifies in 1978 before the House Assassinations Committee . At left is Ray 's attorney Mark Lane . Ray told the panel he did not kill Martin Luther King , Jr. . ` By that point Tarrants had already made a conversion away from radical racist Christianity - he is now a preacher . ` Until then he had been in prison for a bombing and he 'd made a full conversion . The FBI arranged for him to get out of prison , which was unheard of . ' Wexler said that another reason why Tarrants was problematic is that he led directly to the Klan in Mississippi , which was one of the most violent anti-black chapters of the group at the time . He said : ` Laude Matthews . also known as L.E. Matthews , was due to take over as head of the Klan there and Matthews was a big time deep cover agent for the FBI . ` We can imagine a situation where the FBI does not want the Congressional investigation to lead back to Laude Matthews . ` They did not want to expose him to suspicion . Imagine what it would have looked like if an FBI informant had a connection to the King assassination ? ` This is speculation of course , but it would have been was on the worst scandals in the history of the FBI ' . If the FBI had covered its tracks over King 's assassination , it would fit into the pattern of duplicity and double dealing that marked the bureau 's handling of King . The FBI had put him under intense surveillance and bugged his hotel rooms and attempted to destroy his marriage by sending his wife recordings of him with other women . At a press conference in 1964 then FBI director Herbert Hoover went so far as to call King the ` most notorious liar in the country ' . Portrayal : David Oyelowo in his acclaimed performance as Dr King in this year 's movie Selma . Never forgotten : The memorial at the site of Dr King 's assassination . The anniversary is tomorrow . A few days later one of his deputies , William Sullivan , wrote a vicious letter to King and gave it to an agent in Miami to post to him in Atlanta . It became known as the ` suicide letter ' and called him ` filthy ' and ` abnormal ' and urged him to take his own life . The letter read : ` In view of your low grade , abnormal personal behavior I will not dignify your name with either a Mr. or a Reverend or a Dr. ` And , your last name calls to mind only the type of King such as King Henry the VIII and his countless acts of adultery and immoral conduct lower than that of a beast . ' The head of the FBI between 1973 and 1978 was Clarence Kelly , a staunch ally of Hoover . Wexler described Kelly as a man who followed Hoover 's mantra that the reputation of the bureau was the most important thing , ` no matter what ' . Wexler said that the FBI could still go some way to salvaging its reputation ; one way of doing so would be to give King 's case to the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Cold Case team , which has looked as more than one hundred civil rights crimes , mostly from the 1960s . He also implored the FBI to run the fingerprints it has from the various crime scenes such as rooming house and car used by Ray . The last time it did so was in 2000 when the integrated Automated Fingerprint identification System was in its infancy and could not even recognize palm prints . It also only covered one state and had a tiny database . Wexler said : ` Now the database is three times larger and covers 50 states . They could run the tests in a day . If they want copies of the prints I have them all , digitized . '