An inmate at an Arizona jail left one officer hospitalized with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face after a psychiatric ward assault . The 18-year-old , who was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers . Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said that the two jail employees began telling the young man to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them . Scroll down for video . An assault on an officer at a jail in Phoenix has left one officer in intensive care with brain bleeding . Above , the inmate is captured on video in a psychiatric ward area where he is not authorized . Officers including Scott Beaty -LRB- center -RRB- approached the unidentified 18-year-old inmate and told him to go back to his cell . The inmate then began punching Beatty and the other officer in the room , who used a Taser but could not subdue the young man . The unnamed inmate , who was not immediately affected by four taser shots , was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene . Three detention officers were taken to a nearby hospital , and two of them had been knocked unconscious . Scott Beaty , a 15-year-veteran , was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery after suffering a brain bleed and broken bones in his face . The inmate , who did not have any prior incidents of bad behavior , was not injured . After knocking Beaty to the ground , the inmate is seen attacking the other officer , who was also taken to a nearby hospital . More officers arrived on the scene where the assault took place , though additional taser shots did not immediately affect the 18-year-old . The unidentified inmate was eventually subdued by a group of officers , who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground after being hit repeatedly . ` Sometimes when you have a mental condition you fight and get super mad , ' Arpaio said during a press conference , though he did not elaborate on the mental condition . Arpaio said he could not speculate on what led to the attack . The prisoner became ` very violent ' according to officials , and was reportedly fighting until he was put in lock down in the psychiatric ward , where he remains . He will only be allowed out for one hour a day . Though he was booked into Lower Buckeye for a minor felony charge , the prisoner will now face aggravated assault charges . Arpaio said that there have been 178 incidents of assault at his county 's jails in the last 12 months . Beaty was taken to the intensive care unit after the incident , where he suffered broken bones in his face and brain bleeding . Three of four officers injured in the attack went to the hospital . The inmate was not injured during the incident .