Haunting never-before-seen images showing Captain Scott 's doomed expedition team setting off on their ill-fated trek to the South Pole have sold for a staggering £ 30,000 . The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912 . Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party of Edward Wilson , Lawrence Oates , Edger Evans and Henry Bowers . Scroll down for video . Almost ready : The pictures show Captain Scott 's team preparing to depart on their ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912 . The photographs were taken at the expedition base camp of Cape Evans on Ross Island . Setting off : Scott 's team pulling a sled as they depart from base camp . The unseen photographs of the Antarctic expedition have been sold at auction for £ 36,000 to an unnamed buyer . The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition . The two types of animal proved to be Scott 's downfall as he got rid of the dogs on the final leg of the trek , wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of Beardmore Glacier . In the event , Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen beat Scott to the pole by 34 days , largely because his team used dogs to haul their gear the entire way rather than use slower ponies . Two of the men featured in the archive were dog handlers Cecil Meares and Dimitri Gerof . Other pictures in the archive show the flimsy-looking pyramid tents that sheltered the men from the bone-chilling temperatures of -70 F as well as them trekking in the snow . There are also general shots of the harsh landscape and ice shelves that only a handful of men had visited until that point . Limited shelter : The archive illustrates the flimsy-looking pyramid tents that sheltered the men from the bone-chilling temperatures of -70 F . Treacherous conditions : The expedition team had to deal with constant gales which blew across the exposed ice shelf . The photographs were taken by one of the team , Henry Bowers . Bowers ' pictures were taken under the direction of the official photographer Herbert Ponting . The pictures were part of the huge 1,700 image archive gathered by Ponting , who trained Bowers in the art of photography . The photographs were taken by Bowers under the direction of the official photographer Herbert Ponting at the expedition base camp of Cape Evans on Ross Island . The pictures were part of the huge 1,700 image archive gathered by Ponting , who trained Bowers in the art of photography so he could take pictures during the ground-breaking trek to the pole . Ponting brought the negatives back to England with him in preparation for Scott to use for lecture and fundraising tours around the world upon his return . Most of the images are owned by the Scott Polar Research Institute at Cambridge University . These negatives were retained by Ponting and were sold by his family to a private collector after his death in 1935 . Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and his polar party . Another captures the team of husky dogs . The two types of animal proved to be Scott 's downfall as he got rid of the dogs on the final leg of the trek , wrongly believing they would n't make the ascent of Beardmore Glacier . Official photographer Herbert Ponting brought the negatives back to England with him in preparation for Scott to use for lecture and fundraising tours around the world upon his return . They had been in the family of the collector ever since and were sold by Henry Aldridge and Son Auctioneers of Devizes , Wiltshire , to an unnamed buyer . Andrew Aldridge , from the auctioneers , said : ` The negatives offer an incredible snapshot into one of the most famous British Antarctic expeditions of the 20th century . ` They show the brutal nature of the environment these brave men went on to endure . ` The clarity of the images is truly remarkable and includes previously unseen elements including the polar party marching , pitching tents and them having lunch . ` The vast majority of Ponting 's pictures are in the Scott Polar Research Unit . As far as we can tell most of these negatives have n't been published before . ' Scott 's Terra Nova expedition arrived at Cape Evans on Ross Island in January 1911 . After seeing out the austral winter Scott 's polar party of 16 men set off in the November 1911 to be the first people to reach the South Pole . Scott and his men made it to the South Pole on January 17 , 1912 only to find Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen had beaten them . All five men perished on their return journey after enduring dreadful conditions . Most of the images are owned by the Scott Polar Research Institute at Cambridge University . They include general shots of the harsh landscape and ice shelves that only a handful of men had visited until that point . Sold at auction : The negatives were retained by Ponting and were sold by his family to a private collector after his death in 1935 . They have now been sold by an auctioneers to an unnamed buyer . The supporting party of 11 men returned as planned at various stages during the 800 mile trek , leaving Scott , Wilson , Oates , Evans and Bowers to reach the pole . The men made it to the South Pole on January 17 , 1912 only to find Amundsen had beaten them to it . On their return journey , the five men endured dreadful conditions and suffered from a lack of food and frostbite . Evans died on February 17 , 1912 and a flagging Oates famously died on March 16 after walking out of the tent into a blizzard to give the remaining three a chance of survival . Scott , Wilson and Bowers died in the tent on or about March 29 . Their bodies were found eight months later by a rescue party .