Queen Letizia comforted the grieving families of some of the victims of the Germanwings plane crash at a poignant memorial service in Barcelona today . Letizia , along with her husband King Felipe met with the relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash in the French Alps last month . The flight , which was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board , including 50 Spaniards . Scroll down for video . Spain 's Queen Letizia comforts one of the relatives of one of the victims of the Germanwings plane crash , which saw 150 people killed . Queen Letizia met with the families during a memorial service in Barcelona today to remember the 50 Spanish victims who died . Queen Letizia was joined by her husband King Felipe , who also embraced families , as they remembered those who lost their lives in the crash . The Spanish Queen shakes hands with some of the students who had hosted German teenagers who died in the crash in the French Alps , while travelling back to Dusseldorf . Today at Barcelona 's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica , Letizia shook hands and even embraced the families of some of those who died . She also met with students who had hosted 16 pupils from Germany , who had been visiting Spain and were travelling back to Dusseldorf on board the ill-fated flight . Dressed in black and looking sombre , Letizia and King Felipe also prayed for the victims during the service , which began with a recitation of ` Let the Earth Praise the Lord ' in several languages . The memorial service , which took the form of a Catholic mass , was led by Lluís Martínez Sistach , the current Archbishop of Catalonia . Both Queen Letizia and King Felipe looked sombre as they entered Barcelona 's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica and greeted the Archbishop of Barcelona Lluis Martinez Sistach , right . Also joining the royal couple were the Catalonia regional president Artur Mas and his wife Elena and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy . However , at the request of some of the families , other Christian , Jewish and Muslim religious leaders were present for the service in the enormous church designed by Antoni Gaudi . Also joining them was the Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy , while 1,000 people gathered outside the World Heritage site to listen to the memorial service . Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into the French Alps on March 26 , when co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the aircraft 's cockpit . He then put the flight on a descent path , that sent it smashing into a mountain . The memorial service took the form of a Catholic mass inside the enormous church in the Spanish city designed by Antoni Gaudi . As well as the cathedral being full inside , more than 1,000 people gathered outside the landmark basilica to listen to the service . The Spanish King and Queen lower their heads to pray and reflect for the victims of the Germanwings crash at a memorial service today . Aviation industry doctors have since demanded that German pilots undergo more extensive medical checks , while several airlines worldwide have changed rules to require two crew in cockpits at all times . Lufthansa - the parent company of Germanwings - cancelled its 60th anniversary celebrations set for this month . A similar memorial for victims of the crash was held in Cologne earlier this month , which was attended by the victims ' families and German Chancellor Angela Merkel .