` Loneliness maps ' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone by working out which areas ' residents are most at risk . Health experts have warned that being socially isolated can be as harmful as smoking 15 cigarettes a day , leading to an increased risk of problems such as dementia and high blood pressure . Now campaigners say that local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation . Map : This ` loneliness map ' was drawn up by Essex County Council showing the areas where residents are most vulnerable to becoming socially isolated . Two county councils , Essex and Gloucestershire , have already implemented the maps , which allow them to target ` danger zones ' of loneliness . A new report from the University of Kent and the Campaign to End Loneliness recommends the maps as a way of treating the problem across the country . In Gloucestershire , council bosses compiled the maps by studying statistics on a range of public health factors which are often linked to lonely people . They looked for areas with large numbers of over-65s , people living alone , people suffering from mental illness , households with no car and people on a low income . Danger : Being lonely can lead to health problems including dementia -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . The council also surveyed residents to identify those who rarely speak to their neighbours , are unsatisfied with their social life and say they do n't have someone to talk to . They then combined all those factors to map the districts where people are most likely to be suffering from loneliness , with the most vulnerable areas marked in red . A spokesman for the council said : ` Targeting local people who need our help the most is a priority for us in Gloucestershire and we are always looking at new ways to reach them . ` The map we 've adapted from a model by Essex County Council means that we can work out how many people could be lonely and where those people need us most . ' The Campaign to End Loneliness has now called on other councils to copy the maps and draw up their own versions for their local area . The campaign 's director Laura Alcock-Ferguson said : ` Finding people who are experiencing loneliness can be challenging , as they are often also some of the most hidden people in our communities . ` However , it is encouraging that , across the country , there are excellent examples of councils that are employing different strategies to identify residents most at risk of loneliness . ` If local councils and services do not act now to find the people experiencing severe loneliness , we are likely to see the consequences in our hospitals and social care services . ' The report identifies a number of other risk factors that might make people more likely to suffer from chronic loneliness . People from ethnic minorities , those recently bereaved or forced to care for their loved ones and childless pensioners are particularly susceptible .