When young school students perform poorly in their classes , the usual antidote is more study , but desperate parents are instead opting for potentially dangerous DIY brain stimulation kits to motivate their child . The ABC have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children . Online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear . Experts have voiced concerns over DIY brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online . For a few hundred dollars , one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door . Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation -LRB- tDCS -RRB- for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children . ` I certainly would n't recommend doing it to yourself at home , ' she said . Professor Loo 's colleague , Dr Donel Martin is worried by the advertisements claiming to improve attention deficit hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- . ` There is some evidence to suggest maths ability and learning may be improved , but in order to do this we must stimulate certain parts of the brain in a certain way , ' Dr Martin said . ` Devices like this where you just plonk it on your head , it 's really unclear what areas of the brain are being targeted . ' Websites like Brain Simulator advertise the simulators for $ 55 US and explain how to make your own electrode . Brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental and Dr Martin warns parents against using it on their children . Brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental and Dr Martin warns parents against using it on their children . ` There 's been very little research conducted in using these devices on children , ' he said . ` Without medical supervision there could be unwanted and unexpected side effects . ' When placed on the head , the devices stimulates the brain by applying electrical currents to a small region of the scalp . It is currently being used at Oxford University to improve speaking in those who suffer from speech production problems . Websites that sell these devices sells entire kits for as little as $ 55 US . One site even advertises how to make your own electrodes using a household sponge . ` There 's definitely a risk with people pushing the boundaries of what 's shown to be safe , ' Dr Martin said . ` If you push beyond those limits , we do n't know what the consequences are . '