A man has been rescued twice in the same night after falling backwards off a boat dock for a second time when emergency services took their eyes off him . Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney 's Darling Harbour on Saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water . The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers , but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket , the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards , landing back in the water again . Scroll down for video . A man has been rescued twice from Cockle Bay Wharf -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It it unclear why the man was walking on the boat dock , which is reserved for boat owners , tour operators and water taxis at the popular tourist destination . The man was disorientated after both of his falls and was treated at the scene . He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure . Emergency services are regularly called to Darling Harbour to rescue people from the treacherous waters . The incident happened despite hoards of people pleading with authorities to install fencing around the water 's edge to prevent more tragedies in the area . The man was on the boat dock when emergency services were called . Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again . In 2012 , 19-year-old Jason Daep drowned in Cockle Bay after a brawl broke out at Pontoon nightclub just metres from the waters edge . The fight , between Mr Daep and a bouncer , continued out on to the esplanade outside . An off-duty security guard was found not guilty of his manslaughter in February . Irish tourist Brendan Hickey died when he fell into the water as he and friends were attending the Vivid Sydney light last May . He was taken to hospital as a precautionary method . Darling Harbour 's waters have been treacherous in the past with many people losing their lives there . Police were told that the Irishman , who lived in Randwick , was sitting with three of his friends on the edge of a wooden pier to watch the festival when he disappeared into the water . A female friend and another man dove into the water fully clothed in a desperate bid to save him , but were unsuccessful in locating the 34-year-old . The pair emerged from the water unharmed and police recovered Brendan 's body about three metres out from the boardwalk at Cockle Bay Wharf .