Carol Chandler at Southwark Crown Court to answer charges of historic sexual abuse . A female teacher accused of abusing a pupil at Chancellor George Osborne 's old school appeared in court today . Carol Chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy , under the age of 14 who was a pupil at top independent school St Paul 's in Barnes , south west London , during the 1980s . She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985 . Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit , black court shoes and silver jewellery . The charges have not yet been formally put and Chandler has not entered pleas . Judge Jeffrey Pegden QC told Chandler : ` Yes madam , you have heard the next important hearing date for the case is going to be on 9 July . ' He added : ` I renew your bail until that date on the single condition that is obviously necessary and I am sure you would n't dream of it anyway - not to contact directly or indirectly any prosecution witnesses . ' Occupying a 45-acre site beside the Thames , near Hammersmith Bridge , St Paul 's boasts facilities including a purpose-built art gallery and 230-seat theatre , which are second to none . Famous former pupils of the top school , established in 1509 , include the Chancellor , who attended the £ 32,000-a-year school in the eighties , Mumford and Sons banjo player Winston Marshall and TV presenter Dan Snow . Chandler is accused of 3 counts of indecent assault and 2 counts of gross indecency on a boy under 14 . Top school : Occupying a 45-acre site beside the Thames , near Hammersmith Bridge , St Paul 's boasts facilities including a purpose-built art gallery and 230-seat theatre , with facilities second to none . Famous former pupils of the £ 32,000-a-year school , established in 1509 , include Chancellor George Osborne , Mumford and Sons banjo player Winston Marshall and TV presenter Dan Snow . Former Attorney General Dominic Grieve was also a pupil in the Sixties . Chandler is one of five people charged with alleged historical sex offences at the school as part of Operation Winthorpe - a probe into St Paul 's and its prep school Colet Court . Chandler , of Ercall Lane , Wellington , Shropshire , is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under the age of 16 between 1983 and 1985 . She was released on bail ahead of a plea and case management hearing on 9 July at Southwark Crown Court . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .