A man arrested by counter-terror police investigating the murder of a Syrian-born cleric has been remanded in custody after appearing in court accused of possessing an explosive substance and ammunition . Khalid Rashad , 61 , appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today , charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose , and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate . The charges were brought yesterday by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani , 48 , an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria , whose body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley , north west London , on April 7 . Killed : Police investigating the alleged murder of Syrian-born imam Abdul Hadi Arwani -LRB- left -RRB- have charged Khalid Rashad -LRB- right -RRB- with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose , and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate . Rashad was born Burnell ` Bernie ' Mitchell - the brother of Liz Mitchell , lead singer with 1970s hit group Boney M - but changed his name after converting to Islam . The Jamaican-born builder , who was raised in a strict Christian household , is the director of the An-Noor community centre in Acton , where father-of-six Mr Arwani used to preach until 2011 . Scotland Yard confirmed today they had finished searching the centre , one of several locations they searched in the wake of Mr Arwani 's death . A spokesman said : ` Officers from the Met 's Counter Terrorism Command , SO15 , investigating the murder in Wembley on Tuesday April 7 have charged a 61-year-old man . Rashad , of Wembley , has been remanded in custody to appear at Camberwell Green Magistrates ' Court tomorrow . Leslie Cooper , 36 , from Brent in north west London , has already appeared at the Old Bailey last week charged with Mr Arwani 's murder . Mosque : Police standing outside the An-Noor cultural centre , where Rashad is a director , in Acton last week . Officers from the Metropolitan Police 's Counter Terrorism Command , which is investigating the death of the father-of-six , have made two more arrests in connection with the shooting . A 53-year-old woman was arrested in Brent on April 15 on suspicion of the commission , preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism . However , she was released on Wednesday with no further action . A 36-year-old man detained on April 17 on suspicion of conspiracy to murder was bailed to a date in early May . The Met 's spokesman added : ` Local officers also continue to work closely with the local communities affected by the police investigation following the murder of Mr Arwani and would like to thank the community for their ongoing support and understanding throughout this process . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .