Since it was revealed that Andreas Lubitz -- the co-pilot who purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 , killing 150 people -- had been treated for psychiatric illness , a debate has ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities . It has been widely argued that Germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy . The Times , for example , ran an article with the headline : ` German obsession with privacy let killer pilot fly . ' Similarly , another article published in TIME said : ` German privacy laws let pilot ` hide ' his illness from employers . ' While Dirk Fischer , German lawmaker and the transport spokesman for the Christian Democratic Union -LRB- CDU -RRB- , called for airlines to have mandatory access to pilots ' medical records , Frank Ulrich Montgomery , president of the German Medical Association -LRB- bÄk -RRB- , disagreed . Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz , who purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 , killing 150 people , had been treated for a psychiatric illness , it later emerged . The discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots ' medical records . Mr Montgomery believes that current laws are appropriate , since aviation doctors are already relieved of their duties of confidentiality if they think a pilot could put other people 's lives at risk . If Lubitz 's doctor did not alert Germanwings , it must have been because Lubitz did not seem like a threat . There are two arguments for why Lubitz 's doctor did the right thing by not disclosing Lubitz 's depression to his employer . First , functional doctor-patient relationships depend on trust . If confidentiality between patients and doctors is breached , patients will no longer trust their doctors . And a lack of trust will lead -LRB- at least some -RRB- patients to hide some of their symptoms or refrain from seeking medical attention altogether for fear of bad consequences , such as stigmatisation and work-related penalties . More dangerous than a pilot with a mental illness -- or any number of other professions that carry the responsibility of a great many lives -- is that one with a mental illness who will not seek treatment because he does not trust his doctor . For these reasons , philosopher Kenneth Kipnis goes even further . The passenger jet crashed in Seyne-les-Alpes , France while en route from Barcalona to Dusseldorf . All 150 people on board were killed on impact . He argues that confidentiality should be ` far closer to an absolute obligation that it has generally taken to be ' and that doctors should honour confidentiality even in cases where the patient might harm a third party . If patients come to doctors for help , doctors have a chance at avoiding a possible catastrophe . Strict German privacy laws which prevented doctors treating Andreas Lubitz from telling his airline about his ` suicidal tendencies ' were introduced as a consequence of the Nazis . The Germanwings pilot had been forced to stop his training because of severe depression and had received psychotherapy for several years before last week 's Alps disaster . But German law meant it was left entirely up to him to volunteer his mental health problems to his employer , something he failed to do with devastating consequences after tearing up a sick note for the day of the crash . The findings from the investigation have prompted heated debate in Germany on a patient 's right to privacy , with Chancellor Angela Merkel proposing an inquiry to re-examine the law . Draconian legislation was initially brought in after World War Two to prevent a repeat of government spying during the Nazi era and subsequently the Stasi secret police in East Germany . This extends far beyond confidential medical data , however , to stringent protection of someone 's identity , meaning many German publications only referred to Lubitz as Andreas L , even after his death . Further data protection laws traced back to 1907 , which enshrines the ` right to your own picture ' , also mean images can only be published with the individual 's consent . With respect to medical data , the criminal code means doctors are only allowed to breach confidentiality when they have reason to believe that sharing their knowledge could prevent ` a particularly serious crime ' or a threat to someone 's life . They can face a year in prison if they wrongly breach privacy , but up to five years in jail for withholding ` credible information about the planning or commission ' of serious acts like murder . Despite the variation in sentences , doctors have tended to favour the individual 's privacy . Many in Germany are now debating whether the potential to neutralise threats to public safety should trump doctor-patient privilege . If patients lose trust in doctors and do not ask for help , nothing will be gained -- patients will remain afflicted by their illnesses and people who might be put at risk by patients will remain at risk . In the days before the crash , Lubitz searched online both for medical treatments and for ways to commit suicide , which suggests he was undecided as to what to do . So another way of thinking about his scenario is that perhaps if he had trusted his doctor even more -- and shared with him or her the way in which he was thinking of committing suicide -- his doctor could have done more to help him and to protect the passengers of the aircraft he piloted . Lubitz 's doctor also did the right thing by not revealing his depression to Germanwings because his depression was far from obviously related to his crime . Simon Wessely , the president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists and an adviser to the British army , said that ` there is n't a link between depression and aggressive suicide ' . Jürgen Margraf , psychologist and professor at Bochum University , likewise told NBC News that , given the sheer weight of numbers involved , you are far less likely to be harmed by a person with depression than by a person without depression . ` The chances of killing others are higher for non-depressed than for depressed people , ' he said . Furthermore , given the lack of relationship between depression and the pilot 's crime , it was not obviously in the public 's interest to know about Lubitz 's depression and morally questionable that his medical history of depression has been exposed so freely . In Germany , medical confidentiality is supposed to be valid after death . Publicly disclosing Lubitz 's ailment harms the public trust in doctor-patient confidentiality after death -- and it may stigmatise people who are suffering from depression but who would never hurt anyone -LRB- but themselves -RRB- . The avoidable deaths of 150 people is a calamity and it makes sense to have a public debate about how to prevent future similar events from happening . Luckily , breaching confidentiality and endangering relationships between patients and doctors is not the only answer . Along with the crucially important rule of having two people in the cockpit at all times -LRB- which violates nobody 's privacy -RRB- , one medical measure to avoid future catastrophes is to notify employers of stay-home orders from doctors for employees who have high-responsibility jobs without mentioning the cause of the incapacitation . Lubitz reportedly had a sick note for the day he flew but never told the airline . If they had been aware of the sick note things might have been different .