INXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home . The couples Queenscliff neighbour , Wendy Goyer , claimed her ` small but charming view ' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley 's addition was built . The pair 's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2.6 million and features extensive views of Freshwater and Queenscliff beaches . Scroll down for video . Winners are grinners : The couple have been embroiled in a legal battle over additions they 'd planned to make to their home which their neighbour argues will ` destroy ' her views . Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013 , despite an assessment revealing Ms Goyer 's views would be ` destroyed ' . In a letter to the council Ms Goyer said the sea views were a major reason she invested in the property , adding it gives the home charm , Fairfax reported . ` I simply fell in love with the view of the ocean complete with the occasional sailing boats and whales passing , ' she wrote . The council initially suggested the couple withdraw their plans and reconsider a way they could ` preserve the views ' of the neighbouring property . The council initially suggested the couple withdraw their development and reconsider their plans in a way that could ` preserve the views ' of Ms Goyer 's property . Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley said there are no possible ` practical ' alternatives that would maintain the ` unique design integrity ' of the building while also giving them the room they require ' . The couple argued Ms Goyer 's views are ` at best only a glimpse ' from her bedroom . Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley argued Ms Goyer 's views are ` at best only a glimpse ' from her bedroom . Justice Rachel Pepper dismissed Ms Goyer 's case on Wednesday . She said Ms Goyer 's views were not ` extensive or iconic ' and that they were already at risk of being built out because of the streets subdivision arrangement . While Justice Pepper said she had ` sympathy ' for Ms Goyer , she was not in a position to challenge the development approval . Subsequently , Ms Goyer was ordered to pay the costs of the council as well as the couple 's legal fees . The judge ruled Ms Goyer 's views were not ` extensive or iconic ' and they were already at risk of being built out because of the streets subdivision .