Even by his stratospheric standards , this was something very special . Cristiano Ronaldo was back to his brilliant , unplayable best as he scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday , among them an eight-minute hat-trick . That treble was Ronaldo 's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga , equalling Lionel Messi 's record in the competition . It also took his formidable goal tally for the Bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches . Against Granada , Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches . But , compared with some , they have got off quite lightly . We take a look at the clubs who have suffered the most at the hands of the Portuguese wonder . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday afternoon . The Portuguese superstar was simply irresistible as Real ran riot at the Bernabeu . SEVILLA - 18 Goals in 12 matches . There 's no denying it - Ronaldo just loves playing against Sevilla , whose defence must be terrified every time they see him . Three of those La Liga hat-tricks have come against the team from Andalusia - he scored triples in a 6-2 win at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan in May 2011 , a 4-1 success at the Bernabeu in February 2013 and a 7-3 thrashing in October of the same year . But they are n't even Ronaldo 's best return . He scored four goals , including a 12-minute hat-trick , in another 6-2 win in Seville back in May 2011 . Most recently , Ronaldo scored twice in Real 's 2-0 UEFA Super Cup win over Sevilla in August . Ronaldo celebrates with James Rodriguez after scoring in Real 's 2014 UEFA Super Cup win over Sevilla . ATLETICO MADRID - 15 Goals in 20 matches . Madrid derbies have been pretty common in recent years - not only in La Liga but also in the Copa del Rey -LRB- they 're met in four of the last five seasons -RRB- and , of course , last season 's Champions League final . In the 2011-12 league fixtures , Ronaldo scored twice against Atleti at the Bernabeu and three times against them at Vicente Calderon . Both matches ended in 4-1 wins for Real . But the most famous was in Lisbon last May , when Ronaldo scored Real 's fourth in the Champions League final and ran off for that shirtless celebration . Ronaldo whips off his shirt to celebrate scoring the fourth goal in Real 's 2014 Champions League final win . BARCELONA - 15 Goals in 26 matches . As a Manchester United player , Ronaldo failed to score in five meetings with Barcelona but that soon changed when he switched to Real Madrid in 2009 . Scored : 417 goals . Against : 82 clubs . He scored an extra-time header to win the Copa del Rey final of 2011 and claim his first piece of silverware at the Bernabeu . And the Clasico goals have flowed regularly since - Ronaldo has scored seven against Barca in the league , five in the Copa del Rey and three in the Supercopa . With Ronaldo and Messi in a never-ending ` anything you can do ' contest , there should be many more to come . Lionel Messi was left scratching his head after Ronaldo scored in the Clasico last October . GETAFE - 15 Goals in nine matches . Ronaldo really has it in for Getafe with an excellent scoring ratio against Madrid 's city rivals . He notched hat-tricks against them in both the 2010-11 season and the 2012-13 campaign and added two more in a 3-0 Real win when the sides met at the Coliseum Alfonso Perez back in January . I doubt Getafe are looking forward to their last-day visit to the Bernabeu very much ... Ronaldo celebrates after scoring against Getafe at the Bernabeu in May 2011 . ATHLETIC BILBAO - 14 Goals in 12 matches . Another team Ronaldo averages better than a goal a game against is Bilbao . He topped up his impressive record against the Basques with a hat-trick in a 5-0 home win earlier this season . That was the second time he has scored three against them - the other came in a 5-1 Bernabeu victory in November 2010 . Ronaldo also registered doubles in a 4-1 win in January 2012 and a 3-0 win at San Mames in April 2013 . Ronaldo heads home Real 's second goal against Athletic Bilbao in a La Liga meeting in September 2013 . MALAGA - 13 Goals in 13 matches . Ronaldo has Malaga in the crosshairs too , averaging a goal a game in his 13 encounters with them . He has scored two hat-tricks against them , in a 7-0 demolition at the Bernabeu in March 2011 and a 4-0 success at La Rosaleda in October the same year . It almost came as a surprise when Ronaldo failed to find the net against them back in November - but he did contribute two assists instead . Ronaldo wheels away in celebration after scoring against Malaga back in January 2010 . CELTA VIGO - 12 goals in six matches . Ronaldo 's best scoring ratio is against Celta Vigo where he has an incredible average of two goals a game . Admittedly , there have only been six games since Celta returned to the top flight but nearly all of them have been messy . Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in a 3-0 home win earlier this season and he also scored three in a Copa del Rey tie in January 2013 . Indeed , Ronaldo has scored every time he 's faced them . Ronaldo averages two goals a game against Celta Vigo - including this one in December 2014 . LEVANTE - 12 Goals in 11 matches . Levante have also served as target practice for Ronaldo too over the years , with the goals coming at regular intervals . Earlier this season , Ronaldo helped himself to two as Real routed them 5-0 at the Ciutat de Valencia . A Copa del Rey tie in December 2010 saw Ronaldo score three of Real 's eight strikes . On target for Real in an away La Liga match with Levante back in November 2012 . VILLARREAL - 11 Goals in 13 matches . After drawing a blank four times against Villarreal with Manchester United , Ronaldo has well and truly made up for lost time . He has scored 11 times in nine La Liga encounters , including a hat-trick in a 4-2 home win in January 2011 -LRB- plus an assist for good measure -RRB- . Ronaldo extended his scoring streak against the Yellow Submarine this season , netting both home and away . A high-five for Gareth Bale after scoring against Villarreal earlier this season . The game ended 2-2 . GRANADA - 11 Goals in eight matches . Ronaldo sliced through the Granada defence on Sunday like a knife through butter , registering the first five-goal haul of his career . He also took his impressive tally against this particular opponent to 11 goals in eight outings . Ronaldo points to the heavens after scoring for Real Madrid against Granada last season . RONALDO AGAINST THE ENGLISH TEAMS . Ronaldo 's prolific scoring record against the Spanish clubs means you have to go down to No 16 on the overall list to find the Premier League opponent he has scored most against . It 's Aston Villa - Ronaldo scored nine times in 14 matches against them during his time with Manchester United . He also has eight in 16 meetings with Tottenham Hotspur . But how about the leading teams in England ? ARSENAL - Six goals in 15 matches . Ronaldo mustered half a dozen goals for Manchester United against the Gunners during his six seasons at Old Trafford . The most significant were the two at the Emirates to deliver United into the 2009 Champions League final , while he also scored twice in a 4-2 success at Highbury in February 2005 . Ronaldo celebrates his stunning free-kick for Manchester United in the Champions League semi with Arsenal . MANCHESTER CITY - Five goals in 13 matches . Ronaldo scored four times in Manchester derbies during his time at Old Trafford - and also found the target against City for Real Madrid in a 2012 Champions League tie . His most telling contribution was a penalty at the Etihad in May 2007 as United beat their rivals 1-0 en route to the Premier League title . A youthful Ronaldo scored twice as United beat City 4-2 in an FA Cup tie in February 2004 . LIVERPOOL - Three goals in 11 matches . Ronaldo has struggled for goals against Liverpool - scoring twice against them for United and then adding another in Real 's 3-0 win at Anfield earlier this season . That was his first time scoring at Anfield as the other two came at Old Trafford in contrasting circumstances - a 3-0 win in March 2008 and a 4-1 loss in March 2009 . Ronaldo draws the ire of the Anfield crowd after scoring there for Real Madrid earlier this season . MANCHESTER UNITED - Two goals in two matches . Ronaldo came back to haunt Sir Alex Ferguson and United by scoring in both legs of their 2013 Champions League last-16 tie . His header cancelled out Danny Welbeck 's opener in the Bernabeu and he then scored the decisive goal at Old Trafford - refusing to celebrate - after Nani had been sent off for United . Ronaldo refused to celebrate after scoring the goal that knocked Man United out of Europe in 2013 . CHELSEA - One goal in 15 matches . Ronaldo 's record against Chelsea is poor - having found the net just once against the London side in 15 appearances . Mind you , it was an incredibly important one , a header in the 2008 Champions League final as United claimed their third European Cup triumph . Ronaldo towers above the Chelsea defence to head home during the 2008 Champions League final . 18 - Sevilla . 15 - Atletico Madrid , Barcelona , Getafe . 14 - Atletico Bilbao . 13 - Malaga . 12 - Celta Vigo , Levante . 11 - Villarreal , Granada . 10 - Osasuna . 9 - Aston Villa , Valencia , Rayo Vallecano , Real Sociedad , Deportivo . 8 - Tottenham . 7 - Schalke , Ajax , Zaragoza , Mallorca , Elche , Almeria , Fulham , Wigan . 6 - Racing Santander , Galatasaray , Arsenal , Bolton , Newcastle , Portsmouth . 5 - Everton , Manchester City , West Ham , Middlesbrough . 4 - Bayern Munich , Marseille , Lyon , Xerez , Espanyol , Derby , West Brom , Reading . 3 - FC Copenhagen , Borussia Dortmund , Roma , Juventus , CSKA Moscow , Real Betis , Valldolid , Dinamo Moscow , Liverpool , Blackburn . 2 - Ludogorets , AC Milan , Sporting Lisbon , Basle , Zurich , Eibar , Gijon , Hercules , APOEL , Southampton , Birmingham , Stoke , Hull , Manchester United , Watford . 1 - Auxerre , Inter , Gamba Osaka , Porto , Murcia , Tenerife , Cordoba , Ponferradina , Debreceni , Sunderland , Charlton , Chelsea , Millwall , Exeter .