A man who allegedly killed three men while they slept outside and shot a woman on her way home from dinner originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with ` bloodlust , ' according to a statement filed in court . Aeman Presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta , another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur . Presley is set to appear in front of a DeKalb County judge today and district attorneys in both DeKalb County and Fulton County have said they will seek the death penalty . Bloodlust : Aeman Presley -LRB- center -RRB- , 34 , who allegedly killed four people had originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with ` bloodlust ' after killing the first man . An investigator for the Fulton County district attorney 's office detailed Presley 's slide and eventual turn to violence in court documents . The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May ` hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career , ' according to a sworn statement by the investigator . At first , Presley settled into a homeless shelter in Atlanta and worked small food service jobs , but when his money ran low , he bought a Taurus .45 revolver ` on the street ' to use in robberies , the statement said . On September 26 , Presley took a bus to DeKalb County with the intent of finding people to rob , according to documents filed in court . He came upon 53-year-old Calvin Gholston sleeping beneath a shopping center breezeway , firing three shots that killed him , the statement said . That incident produced ` a self-described adrenaline fueled high , ' according to the statement . ` This high manifested into a `` bloodlust '' which compelled Presley to commit two more murders in Fulton County . ' Targeted : After Presley killed Calvin Gholston -LRB- left -RRB- , 53 , he felt a ` self-described adrenaline fueled high ' and went on to shoot Dorian Jenkins -LRB- right -RRB- , 42 , while he slept on the sidewalk in November . Tragic : 68-year-old Tommy Mims -LRB- left -RRB- was shot while sleeping under a railway bridge while 44-year-old Karen Pearce -LRB- right -RRB- was killed in a parking garage on her way home from dinner . Having apparently abandoned plans for robbing strangers , Presley found Dorian Jenkins , 42 , sleeping on a sidewalk under several blankets and killed him on November 23 , the statement said . Wanted : After killing Pearce , Presley said he decided he did not want to continue killing and tried to go back to a career in acting , before getting arrested for jumping a turnstile . A few days later , he killed 68-year-old Tommy Mims as he slept under a railway bridge , later coming across two other homeless men he considered killing before deciding it would be too risky , according to the statement . ` Since he was `` getting off on killing people , '' he wanted to kill them , too , ' the statement said . ` He decided , however , that doing so would increase his chances of apprehension . ' He instead turned around and went back to where he shot Mims , believing he had not killed him , and shot him twice more in the head , according to the statement . Presley was in Decatur on December 6 and found 44-year-old Karen Pearce walking alone on her way back from dinner with friends . He ordered her to hand over her wallet at gunpoint , which she did , though Presley still shot her once in the chest , killing her , according to the statement . After Pearce died , Presley said he did n't have the same feeling of adrenaline , and later told investigators he had never wanted to kill a woman . He then tried to return to acting , and was on his way to get headshots taken on December 11 when he was arrested for going through a train station turnstile without paying . During an hours-long interview by Atlanta police detective David Quinn , Presley said he did n't think he was ` a biologically malevolent person . ' Some events of his life , including his father 's early death and mother 's illness contributed to a ` murderous spirit , ' along with , Presley said , membership in Chicago 's Gangster Disciples and rap lyrics .