The dawn of a new era of space travel may be upon us after Amazon 's Jeff Bezos successfully tested a vehicle that will take tourists into space . Mr Bezos ' firm , called the Blue Origin company , has long spoken of its desire to take paying astronauts into the cosmos . And now it has performed the first successful test of the vehicle they hope will make that dream a reality . Scroll down for video . Jeff Bezos ' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas -LRB- shown -RRB- . The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles -LRB- 94 km -RRB- - four miles short of space - before landing . It was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space . The test took place from the company 's launch site in West Texas . Called New Shepard , the vehicle consists of a main booster rocket and a six-seater capsule on top , standing 60ft -LRB- 18 metres -RRB- tall . The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys . It includes a Crew Capsule carrying six astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered Propulsion Module , launched from the firm 's West Texas Launch Site . Following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . The Propulsion Module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the Crew Capsule . The Propulsion Module will finish its flight , descend to Earth , and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing . The Crew Capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space , providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the Earth and the beauty of our planet . After descent and re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere , the Crew Capsule will land under parachutes no more than a few miles from the launch site . In addition , the New Shepard vehicle will provide opportunities for researchers to fly experiments into space and a microgravity environment . For this , the first test flight of the entire architecture , it was unmanned - but the company hopes to soon start taking customers into space . The cost of a ticket has not yet been announced , but estimates suggest it will be around £ 130,000 $ 200,000 - similar to a flight on Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic . The difference , however , is that while Galactic relies on using a plane to slowly rise into the atmosphere , New Shepard takes off straight up and lands back on the ground . This is known as vertical takeoff , vertical landing -LRB- VTVL -RRB- . And Blue Origin is also much more secretive - with this successful test flight taking many by surprise . In video released by Blue Origin , the booster - using liquid hydrogen and oxygen - lifts the New Shepard vehicle to an altitude of 58 miles -LRB- 94 km -RRB- . This is four miles -LRB- six kilometres -RRB- short of the official boundary of space - the Karman Line - although there does not seem to be any problems with reaching this boundary in future . Once it reached its peak altitude , accelerating at 3Gs , the booster separated from the capsule . ` The in-space separation of the crew capsule from the propulsion module was perfect , ' Mr Bezso said in a blog post . ` Any astronauts on board would have had a very nice journey into space and a smooth return . ' The flight came as somewhat of a surprise because the company did n't make any announcements in the build up that it would be launching a rocket - unlike its rivals Virgin Galactic and SpaceX who are very open about the tests they will be performing . At peak altitude , 307,000 ft -LRB- 58 miles , 94 km -RRB- up , the main booster separated from the capsule . On the left , the booster can be seen falling away , while on the right a distant view of the separation is seen . The booster failed to land successfully but the capsule landed without a hitch . Ultimately , the flights will enable six people to go to space . While in space , huge windows will give the customers a stunning view of Earth -LRB- artist 's impression shown -RRB- , and they 'll also have several minutes of weightlessness , before the capsule falls to Earth and lands using parachutes . Here the capsule is seen returning to Earth on this test flight with its three parachutes . ` Any astronauts on board would have had a very nice journey into space and a smooth return , ' Amazon 's Jeff Bezos said in a blog post announcing the successful flight . The booster is designed to be able to land on the ground and be reusable , much like rival SpaceX 's own reusable rocket system . On this occasion , however , the booster lost pressure in its hydraulic system and was not recovered . Mr Bezos said the firm was already working on an improved system to make sure the error does n't happen again . ` Assembly of propulsion module serial numbers 2 and 3 is already underway - we 'll be ready to fly again soon , ' he said . In a video a small crowd was seen watching the successful flight from the company 's launch site in West Texas - but for the most part the launch was kept a secret . Jeff Bezos -LRB- pictured -RRB- is better known as the CEO and founder of Amazon , with a fortune of £ 22.5 billion -LRB- $ 34.7 billion -RRB- . He founded his Blue Origin company in 2000 . Elon Musk , the PayPal co-founder and electric car maker , is competing against Bezos to develop a re-usable rocket . An isolated edge of vast West Texas is home to a highly secretive part of the 21st-century space race , one of two being directed in the Lone Star State by internet billionaires whose personalities and corporate strategies seem worlds apart . The presence of Blue Origin , LLC , the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , barely registers in nearby Van Horn , a way station along Interstate 10 , a full decade after he began buying land in one of Texas ' largest and most remote counties . At the opposite end -- of Texas and the competition -- is the highly visible SpaceX venture , led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk . His company contracts with NASA to resupply the International Space Station and is building a launch site about 600 miles from Van Horn , on the southernmost Texas Gulf coast , with the much-publicized goal of sending humans to Mars . SpaceX and Blue Origin are among several U.S. companies engaged in the private space business . Both men have seemingly unlimited resources -- Bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , Musk 's at $ 12 billion -- and lofty aspirations : launching a new era of commercial space operations , in part by cutting costs through reusable rockets . Earlier this year a dispute over a design of a floating landing platform - which would be used to launch and land rockets in the middle of the ocean - was dragged through the courts . But a judge said the confrontation would be allowed to continue . In part they are racing to be the first to manufacture and successfully operate reusable rockets - making space flight cheaper . According to The Washington Post , SpaceX has been working on the technology for years , and in January attempted the unprecedented landing the first stage of its Falcon 9 rocket on a floating barge it calls an autonomous spaceport droneship . However the barge and the rocket exploded . SpaceX founder and Musk , center , and Texas Governor Rick Perry turn the first shovel-full of sand at the groundbreaking ceremony for the SpaceX launch pad at Boca Chica Beach , Texas , in September 2014 . Combined , the booster and capsule stand 60ft -LRB- 18 metres -RRB- tall , with a feather painted onto the side . This is the walkway astronauts will ultimately use when the company stars its manned flights . In this first test flight , the New Shepard vehicle rose to an altitude of 58 miles -LRB- 94 km -RRB- . This is four miles -LRB- six kilometres -RRB- short of the official boundary of space - the Karman Line - although there does not seem to be any problems with reaching this boundary in future . The flight of the capsule , however , passed without a hitch and it successfully landed on the ground with the help of three parachutes . The company is keen on VTVL because it is ` scalable to a very large size , ' according to Mr Bezos . And he noted that the company was already working on a larger vehicle , New Shepard 's ` Very Big Brother ' , which is apparently many times New Shepard 's size with five times as much thrust . The company has not yet revealed when it 's next flight will be , or when manned flights will begin . ` We wo n't be publishing a calendar for our test flight programme . And , nothing further to contribute regarding pricing , ' a spokesperson from Blue Origin told MailOnline . But following this successful flight , many will be expecting the company to go from strength to strength .