Pusok sported a black eye in his booking photo after the beating . A California county on Tuesday approved paying a $ 650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit by a man whose beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video . San Bernardino County spokesman David Wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a closed meeting . Pusok 's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . Wert says the agreement would settle all potential claims from Pusok 's April 9 arrest . A message seeking comment was left for Pusok 's lawyer . In an interview with NBC 4 , Pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear : ` This is n't over . ' When San Bernardino County Sheriff 's deputies arrived at Pusok 's house , he said he fled ` because any contact with police has been negative for me ' . As the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later , video shows Pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach . A California county has approved a $ 650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit from Pusok after his beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video . Pusok 's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . The officers then start to assault Pusok , and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though Pusok is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage . Pusok estimates that within 15 seconds of the first taser hit , the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled ` stop resisting ' even though he was laying face down on the ground . He says the officers went on to tase him two more times after he was in handcuffs . Pusok remembers the cops ` hitting me every place that they could hit me - anywhere and everywhere . ' ` I thought I was being beaten to death , ' said Pusok . . ` I was wondering , `` When is it going to stop ? '' ' After the incident , Pusok was arrested on suspicion of evading , stolen property , reckless driving and theft of a horse . He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail . A court hearing has been scheduled for June 16 , but San Bernardino County Prosecutors said Monday that they had not yet made a decision on whether to file formal charges against Pusok . Meanwhile , 10 officers - including a sergeant and a detective - involved in the incident were placed on paid leave as the FBI starts an investigation into whether excessive force was used in the arrest . San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said last week that he was ` disturbed and troubled ' by the video and that an internal investigation is underway into the deputies ' actions . A criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out , he said . However , he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid . In his interview on Monday , Pusok said he thinks his prior run-ins with police may have sparked their violent backlash . Indeed , Pusok 's lengthy criminal record includes charges of obstructing an officer and resisting an officer , as well as attempted robbery , animal cruelty and fighting or offensive words . San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon told reporters he was ` disturbed and troubled ' by the video . Deputies have been called to Pusok 's home before , during which he threatened to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of his family , Sheriff McMhaon said . However , Pusok 's pregnant girlfriend , Jolene Bindner , says some of the prior charges against her longtime partner have been trumped up . Bindner told NBC that the charges he threatened to kill a police officer are ` absolutely not true . I was there the whole time . '