CCTV pictures show a man police want to speak to after a ` peeping Tom ' incident at a swimming pool . These pictures show a ` peeping Tom ' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool . At around 12.45 pm yesterday , a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle . She had kicked him and he then disappeared . Captured on CCTV cameras placed in the changing areas near the pool , the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool . On February 7 , a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area of the pool . Police issued the new images , appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently . A spokesman for Thames Valley Police said : ` The woman kicked out at the man and he moved away , before she noticed him looking at her again . ' ` The victim shouted and the man was not seen again . ` Officers are investigating the incident and are linking it to an incident at the same location on 7 February in which a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area . ' Detective Sergeant Simon Johnson , of Aylesbury Force CID , said : ` Detectives are investigating both incidents , which we believe are linked . ` In this incident the victim was not touched by the offender . ` However , this would have been an understandably distressing incident for her . ` I would like to appeal to anyone who recognises the man shown in the CCTV image as he may have information which could assist with our inquiries . ' Anyone with information should call the 24-hour Thames Valley Police enquiry centre on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . Police officers are appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the pictures to contact them urgently . The incident occurred as the woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire -LRB- pictured -RRB- .