A man has been arrested for stealing Elton John 's iconic heart-shaped glasses from a Memphis museum . Matthew Colvin , 26 , was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven , Mississippi , and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday . The Rock 'n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours . Scroll down for video . A pair of heart-shaped glasses belonging to Elton John have been found in a mailbox after they were stolen from the Memphis Rock n ' Soul Museum in Tennessee last week . Elton John pictured in another pair of heart-shaped glasses in a music video for Do n't Go Breaking My Heart -LRB- accompanied by Minnie Mouse -RRB- . Matthew Colvin , 26 , was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven , Mississippi , and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday . An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin , WMC-TV reported . Police said on Tuesday that investigators called Colvin on Monday and he told them where the glasses were . They were able to retrieve them from a mailbox . Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft . The glasses were to be put back on display on Wednesday . Flamboyant glasses and outfits have been part of Elton John 's signature look . He wore another pair of pink heart-shaped glasses in a music video for Do n't Go Breaking My Heart - where he was accompanied by Minnie Mouse instead of Kiki Dee . Museum executive director John Doyle said at the time of the theft that the case showed no signs of being forced open , and that a special screwdriver was needed to open the box . The glasses are on loan to the museum from a private owner , and had been on display for the past few months as part of an exhibit on 60 years of rock . A guitar used by Elvis , a gown worn by Whitney Houston and a Three 6 Mafia hooded sweatshirt were among the other items on display next to the Rocket Man 's shades . In the 15 years that it has been open , the Rock n ' Soul Museum has not experienced a theft . The glasses were insured for up to $ 2,000 . The director of the Rock n ' Soul Museum said the case sustained no damage in the theft which he suspected was done with a special screwdriver .