Parents of a U.S. Army Sergeant were left stunned with excitement after their son , who had just returned from being stationed in Afghanistan , decided to surprise them on ice before a hockey game . Sergeant Dan Urman 's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice , causing both to tumble over while still hugging . As part of the planned surprise , Eitan and his wife Ronit , of Scottsdale , Arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday . Scroll down for video . U.S. Army Sergeant Dan Urman embraces his father Eitan Urman after surprising him at the Arizona Coyotes game on Saturday . Eitan Urman sits in disbelief in seeing his son Dan , who has been stationed in Afghanistan since November of 2014 . The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years . But when it was announced there 'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck , the couple turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet on the ice . Eitan immediately starts running toward his son , who had been in Afghanistan since November , as Dan jogs toward his father . When they embrace , Eitan lifts Dan off the ground and the pair fall to the ice and the carpet slides on the slippery surface . Once Dan stands up , his father sits on the ground for another moment with his hand on his head , still in disbelief . Eitan -LRB- left -RRB- and his wife Ronit Urman -LRB- right -RRB- were told they would drop a ceremonious first puck at the game on Saturday because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years . And when they were told a special guest would bring out the puck for them , their son Dan ran out on to the ice . Eitan was so excited to see his son that he ran to meet him halfway down the red carpet as Ronit stood in shock with her hands to her face . Dan then hugs and kisses his mother and Eitan watches , smiling and embracing his wife and son . The trio make their way to the end of the carpet , pose for a photo then do the ceremonious puck drop for team captains , Ducks center Ryan Getzlaf and Coyotes forward Shane Doan . Dan told Daily Mail Online that he has been planning to surprise his family since he left in November . He was supposed to return to the states in mid-May or June , but contacted a rep from the Coyotes when he found out he 'd be returning early , before the hockey season was over . ` About two or three weeks ago they came up with the idea to tell my parents they won a random thing on fan appreciation night , ' Dan said . Eitan embraced his son and lifted him off the ground as they reunited for the first time since Dan left for Afghanistan . The father-and-son pair had a long embrace as a crowd of Arizona Coyotes and Anaheim Ducks fans cheered throughout the stadium . Eventually the pair lost their footing as the carpet moved on the slippery ice , and the fell to the ground , still hugging . He said he had help from the entire staff and team of the Coyotes , his sister , his girlfriend and other close friends who were all able to keep his surprise a secret from his parents . He said the whole event was ` really cool ' and ` surreal ' , and it helped that his dad is an animated guy . ` As he walked out , my father figured out there was no puck and he turned around , ' Dan said . ` He recognized me immediately and so he dropped to a knee and I just sort of started jogging out to meet him . ' The crowd can be heard cheering as the family is reunited in front of thousands of people . Dan said his family had a chance to meet the Coyotes ' general manager after the reunion . Once Dan and Eitan stood up the son went to greet his mother , who he gave a hug and kiss to as his father hugged him fro behind . Eitan still looked shocked with excitement as they walked to center ice for the puck drop after the touching reunion . Though the Coyotes lost the game 2-1 , it was still a celebratory night for the Urman family . This was Dan 's second tour of Afghanistan . He was there from March 2013 to November 2013 . With no surprise planned , his parents planned to meet him on the east coast upon his arrival back to the states . His return was delayed , however , and he was stuck in Germany for a few days on his way back . ` They had a nice vacation in Carolina , ' Dan said . ` I thought it would be cool to surprise them this time . ' This was the Coyote 's final game of the season . They finished seventh in the Pacific Division and will not be playing in the playoffs . The crowd cheered as Dan and his parents made their way to center ice . He waved at the crowd as Ronit and Eitan showed their sheer happiness of their son 's return . Once in position at center ice , Dan , surrounded by his parents , dropped a ceremonious first puck for team captains , Ducks center Ryan Getzlaf and Coyotes forward Shane Doan to start the game .