The world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies , as part of the Par 3 Contest . And it seemed that golf WAG and U.S. skier Lindsey Vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland , white jumpsuit uniform . Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , with his two children , Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton . Scroll down for video . Woods is no doubt thrilled to have his family and loved ones there as a support , as he has dropped out of the Top 100 ranking . Tiger Woods walks with his children Charlie -LRB- left -RRB- and Sam -LRB- second from right -RRB- and U.S. sskierLindsey Vonn during the Par 3 contest at the Masters golf tournament . Vonn 's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn - and accessorized - by Bubba Watson 's wife Angie , left , and Rickie Fowler 's girlfriend , right . Vonn holds up her dress from the grass as she talks to Woods 's children , Charlie -LRB- center -RRB- and Sam -LRB- right -RRB- . Bubba Watson 's wife Angie , however , donned the typical white jumpsuit and caddied along side her son Caleb while she carried her infant daughter Dakota . Other golfers also brought girlfriends and kids , and Rory McIlroy even brought One Directioner Niall Horan along for the day 's events . Watching the fun was former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , one of two new female members at Augusta . The Masters Tournament kicks off on Thursday at 8 am and a winner will be given the green jacket on Sunday . Tiger Woods walks with his children as they play the annual Par 3 contest , in which many golfers invite their wives , girlfriends or children to caddie . Vonn 's long green dress strands out next to Charlie and Sam 's white jumpsuits , the uniform most wives and girlfriends and children wore during the event . Happy stepmother : At one point Vonn nuzzled Woods ' daughter . Vonn even brought her Louis Vuitton purse with a gold chain link strap on to the green during the event . With a professional golfer as a boyfriend , Vonn should know that strappy sandals and a spaghetti-strap dress are n't usual attire for a round of golf . Sunscreen : With no hat to shade her face and no sleeves or fabric to cover her arms and back , one hopes Vonn had loaded up on the SPF . Tigers ' cubs kept their faces shaded in matching green caps . Vonn accessorized extravagantly for the event with a Louis Viutton purse and a diamond-encrusted watch . Louis Vuitton Chain Louise Bag . Get the LV look ! Visit site . She 's golf 's most famous WAG and she 's got the style to prove it . Lindsey Vonn looked fabulous while supporting husband Tiger Woods at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia . She sported a slinky green dress and a gorgeous Louis Vuitton chain ` Louise ' crossbody bag that we are just dying to get our hands on . Click right to scoop up the classic investment item for $ 2180 . Otherwise have a scour through our style edit of beige , chain-strap crossbody bags for $ 195 and under . We adore our classic options from Coach , MICHAEL Michael Kors and Rebecca Minkoff . Or put a stripe on it with GX By Gwen Stefani 's ` Hankie ' bag for just $ 59.95 . GX By Gwen Stefani Hankie Bag at Zappos . Visit site . COACH Polished Pebble Leather Crosstown Crossbody at Zappos . Visit site . Rebecca Minkoff Mini MAC Cross Body Bag at Shopbop . Visit site . MICHAEL Michael Kors Jet Set Cross Body Bag at Shopbop . Visit site . Charlie and Sam , along with Vonn in her backless gown , watch as Woods tossed his kids a golf ball . Vonn 's dress appeared to pool on the grass as she spoke to Tiger , standing next to U.S. golfer Steve Stricker . Vonn at least had a full range of motion in her sleevless look , and she and Charlie both reach for a ball headed toward them as Sam ducked out of the way . Charlie tried his hand at carrying the flag on one green , despite it being three times the child 's size . Little caddie Sam expertly wiped the club with a towel while walking the course . Matching in green , Vonn and former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice applaud during the Par 3 contest . Vonn and Rice stand next to each other as the audience looks on during Wednesday 's relaxed competition . Hi , friend ! Woods grinned hugely as he reached for a hug with Rice , a female member at Augusta . RIce is one of two female members , the first two ever , and was given a membership in 2012 . Meet my family ! Woods introduced his children to the former Secretary . Vonn 's dress was expertly colored to match her boyfriend 's Nike shirt . Team Woods : Tiger and his crew are one of the most photographed attractions of Par-3 . While Vonn opted for less practical footwear , Sam wore a pair of Nike shoes , the brand sponsors her father , with adorable white ankle socks . Vonn appeared totally at ease with Woods children , and they with her . But she kept stepping on her own dress . Vonn had a sporty ponytail for much of the day , but also left her long locks undone part of the time . Bubba Watson brought the whole family along to play in the Par 3 Contest . His son Caleb joined him with clubs and appears to have hit a few balls . Caleb took a break during the contest to spend time with his mom , Angie Watson , and his baby sister Dakota . Bubba Watson 's wife Angie , dressed in a white jumpsuit like her son , hands a golf club to her and Bubba 's son Caleb . Bubba Watson of the U.S. -LRB- right -RRB- and his wife Angie -LRB- left -RRB- watch as their son Caleb -LRB- center -RRB- runs between them . Even One Directioner Niall Horan wore a white jumpsuit as he caddied for Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy . Rickie Fowler of the U.S. holds fellow U.S. player Bubba Watson 's son Caleb as he laughs and makes a face . Gim me five ! Bubba Watson 's son Caleb slaps hands with Rickie Fowler as Fowler 's girlfriend , Alexis Ransack , also wearing a white jumpsuit , watches . Rickie Fowler , a U.S. player , watches as his girlfriend Alexis Randock putts a ball on the Augusta National Golf Club course . Flower and Randock share a kiss on the ninth hole of the Par 3 contest on the eve of the 2015 Masters Tournament . She managed to look glamorous despite the white onesie . Jason Day of Australia , with daughter Dash and wife Ellie , walks the fairway during the Par 3 contest on Wednesday . Jim Furyk watches his son Tanner and daughter Caleigh , matching in their jumpsuit uniforms , putt on a green . U.S. golfer Billy Horschel hugs fellow U.S. player Matt Every 's son Liam in front of an audience during the contest . Brendon Todd fixes his son Oliver 's over-sized hat in hopes of keeping him cool in the Augusta , Georgia heat . Danny Willett of England -LRB- L -RRB- kisses his caddying wife Nicole on the ninth hole , and Joost Luiten of the Netherlands -LRB- right -RRB- and his lady love Lyan Zielhorst . Charl Schwartzel of South Africa reaches out for his daughter Lizette as his wife Rosalind Jacobs lets go . Jamie Donaldson of Wales holds his son Max on the ninth hole during the Par 3 contest . But Woods and co appeared as happy as any other family there on Wednesday .