Teenager Ben Gibson had just seen his Middlesbrough side knocked out in the Champions League group stage when the email landed from club chairman -- Uncle Steve -- that he had been fired . That , of course , was the virtual world of Football Manager . On Friday , Boro defender Gibson -- now 22 - can help steer his uncle 's club back towards the big time for real . The England Under 21 star was a kid in the playground when his dad 's brother was splashing the cash on Juninho , Alen Boksic and Gaizka Mendieta , before that there had been the likes of Fabrizio Ravanelli , Emerson and Paul Gascoigne . Middlesbrough defender Ben Gibson , 22 , is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club . His uncle , Boro chairman Steve Gibson , has overseen some of the most significant times in the club 's history . Midfielder Juninho -LRB- right -RRB- is widely considered to be one of Middlesbrough 's greatest-ever players , and starred in Gibson 's foray into computerised football management during his teenage years . Steve Gibson helped save the Teessiders from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control , his investment seeing them win the Carling Cup in 2004 and reach the final of the UEFA Cup in 2006 . But six consecutive seasons outside of the Premier League has proved a financial strain . That is why Gibson readily labels the televised clash at Norwich City -- one point above them and second in the Championship - as the biggest match in the club 's history . ` The way the Premier League is and the gap financially makes this our biggest game ever , ' said the centre-back . ` If we get back in the Premier League it 's different to the last time we were there . It has more of an impact , financially , than what the cup finals did . ` It 's £ 100m for going up , that is irreplaceable . It will have a bigger effect on the club and the town than winning the Carling Cup . ' Nunthorpe-born Gibson is a lifelong Boro fan . He was there when they beat Bolton at Cardiff 's Millennium Stadium to lift the first trophy in the club 's history and again in Eindhoven two years later when Sevilla ran out 4-0 winners . He eclipsed all of that , however , in his bedroom at home . ` I was always Middlesbrough boss on Football Manager -- and I was pretty good , ' he recalled . Middlesbrough captain Gareth Southgate -LRB- left -RRB- leads the club 's celebrations after winning the 2004 Carling Cup . Sevilla 's Adriano Correia -LRB- left -RRB- shoots during the 2006 UEFA Cup final , in which his side beat Boro 4-0 . ` My uncle always gave me loads to spend ! The best I got was the group stage of the Champions League . We got knocked out without making the second round and he gave me the bullet ! ` But in the real world I leave all that business to him . And if we do go up then I 'll be hoping that he keeps hold of me ! ' There is no danger of that not happening . Gibson has been a rock at the heart of the division 's best defence -- they have conceded 10 fewer than any rival -- and will be part of Gareth Southgate 's England squad for this summer 's Euros in the Czech Republic . Perhaps , then , promotion and an impressive showing for his country will silence all accusations of nepotism . ` I do n't mind people saying that I 'm only here because of my uncle , it motivates me , ' he said . ` You would think playing for England kills that talk anyway -- because I do n't think my uncle picks the England squad . ` But I 'm used to it . I 've had it all my life and it drives me on . ' Were Gibson ever to let up , then his Boro-supporting pals would be onto him long before his uncle . They are even more anxious than he is as the tightest promotion race in Championship history nears its conclusion . ` My mates are stressing out more than me , ' said Gibson . ` It 's better for me because it 's in my hands . After every game I come in and it ' s like heart-attack material in our whatsapp group -- it 's incredible . ` But they believe in us and that 's massive . They feel we deserve that promotion . ` And I think my uncle deserves it too . He 's been amazing . His loyalty and what he has put in deserves reward with promotion back to the Premier League . ' Given the ambition of his uncle , perhaps then Ben can aim to right the wrongs of his previous adventure in the Champions League . Middlesbrough 's Jelle Vossen -LRB- left -RRB- fires at goal during the victory against Wolves on Tuesday . Lee Tomlin -LRB- centre -RRB- surges forward for Boro and is hassled by Wolves ' Dominic Iorfa -LRB- right -RRB- at the Riverside .