This £ 150,000 Lamborghini Gallardo has just crashed into a tree , careered into the middle of the road and smashed a concrete bollard to smithereens . It also lost a wheel which came flying off , missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft . And the reaction of the driver ? The young man , who has not been identified , is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ` buy another one tomorrow ' . Scroll down for video . A Lamborghini was left severely damaged after it was crashed into a tree and a bollard , causing one of the rear wheels of the £ 250,000 supercar to fly off and narrowly miss a man who was walking his granddaughter home . Private security worker Martin Johnson , 46 , was walking his nine-year-old granddaughter Charly Pennett home from school when he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in Beaumont Leys , Leicestershire . ` As we came to the main road we heard a throaty roar which made us turn our heads and that 's when we saw this exotic orange-coloured sports car come around the corner at speed , ' he said . ` We were lucky really because the large wheel came bouncing through the air at about chest height barely 10ft away . If we were there just a couple of minutes earlier it could have been a different story . ` The kids were very , very scared but when the driver got out he was laughing and after a while started to boast that he would `` just go out and buy another one tomorrow '' . ' Martin Johnson said he was walking his granddaughter Charly Pennett home when the wheel flew past . Onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school and said he would buy another . A rear wheel span off the back of the car due to the force of the crash in Beaumont Leys , Leicestershire . The 5.2 litre car was left badly damaged by the crash , with the back left wheel of the 550 horse power vehicle completely ripped from its axle . A spokesman for Leicestershire Police said : ` Police received a call to a report of single vehicle road traffic collision on Strasbourg Drive . ` The vehicle involved was an orange Lamborghini Gallardo which collided with a bollard . ` There were no injuries for the driver and the road was closed at junction with Krefield Way and Heachem Drive while the vehicle was recovered . ` We have concluded our enquiries and there have been no arrests . '