Jeremy Clarkson will return to the BBC but not on Top Gear - even though bosses still have n't found his replacement . BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a new presenter for the show , said Clarkson ` will be back ' on the BBC , despite his very public sacking from Top Gear just last month . Speaking today about the show 's future , the executive insisted there was ` no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC ' and that the 54-year-old would return to the corporation once he had ` had some time ' . Scroll down for video . BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw -LRB- left -RRB- who has been tasked with finding a new presenter for the show , said Clarkson -LRB- right -RRB- ` will be back ' on the BBC , despite his very public sacking from Top Gear just last month . The final scenes filmed by the Top Gear team -LRB- pictured -RRB- before Jeremy Clarkson was unceremoniously sacked from the show will be aired this summer , according to the head of BBC2 . It comes as Ms Shillinglaw revealed that Clarkson 's final moments on the motoring show would be aired this summer , saying that there was ` no way ' she would let the material go to waste . She said : ` Jeremy will be back on the BBC . It 's serious and unfortunate what happened but there is no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC . ` It 's a a big deal what happened and Jeremy , as any human being would , needs some time . ' Earlier this month , Clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting BBC satirical show Have I Got News For You , which was due to be filmed this week , and aired a day later . It would have marked his first BBC appearance since the fracas which led to his departure . Referring to that decision , Ms Shillinglaw said : ` The BBC was prepared to have him on Have I Got News For You , it was n't the BBC 's decision not to go ahead with that particular show . ' She confirmed that the scenes filmed before Clarkson 's sacking were likely to air this summer , saying : ` No way would I want the available material not to be seen by viewers . ' Kim Shillinglaw refused to say who would be replacing Clarkson . Asked if it would be a woman , she said female candidates were being considered . The channel boss also admitted that she had not yet found anyone to fill Clarkson 's shoes on Top Gear . Amid growing pressure for a woman to be appointed as the lead host , she added that she not thinking of his replacement ` in terms of gender ' . She said : ` I worked a lot with female presenters and when I used to work in science that was something across the piece that I really wanted to tackle , but I do n't think I 've ever approached an individual show thinking that was the way I want to cast it , so I think it 's an open book on that . ` We 'll definitely look at some women , but it 's not a driving priority . ' She added that the process of reinventing the show without its main star was ` creatively exciting ' . Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month during an internal investigation after he attacked Top Gear producer Mr Tymon , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . Clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general Tony Hall saying ` a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . But the broadcasting veteran received widespread public support , including from friend David Cameron . Clarkson has said he is already thinking about his next television project . He wrote in his column for the Sunday Times : ` I have lost my baby but I shall create another . ` I do n't know who the other parent will be or what the baby will look like , but I can not sit around any more organising my photograph album . ' Clarkson also revealed he was told he ` probably ' had cancer two days before the ` fracas ' with Mr Tymon , although he has since been given the all-clear . He said he considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident . Jeremy Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting a producer in a row at a hotel , before being told his contract would not be renewed by the corporation -LRB- pictured , in London earlier this month -RRB- . He told the Sunday Times : ` Let 's stop being silly and pick up the pieces and start again ... I just know I 'm going to do another car show . ' Earlier this month , North Yorkshire Police said Clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel . Clarkson first appeared on Top Gear in 1988 , just after Noel Edmonds quit as lead host , rising through the ranks before leaving the show temporarily in 2001 during a ratings slump . When the show relaunched in 2002 , Clarkson had rejoined the programme as head presenter , alongside Richard Hammond and Jason Dawe - who was replaced by James May in series two . The new studio-style format saw the show become the most watched programme on BBC2 , and has been voted the best show on British television . Clarkson 's brash presenting style , that often flirted with the boundaries of good taste , earned him legions of admirers and critics , and controversy was never far behind . He was censured by BBC bosses in 2014 after apparently using the n-word on television while reciting a nursery rhyme , and caused a stir a few months later after the Top Gear team were attacked while filming in Argentina . Locals had taken offence to a numberplate on Clarkson 's car which read ` H982 FLK ' - thought to be a reference to the Falklands war .