Investigators are trying to determine why a man shot his wife and two young sons before killing himself at the family 's home in a quiet Oklahoma suburb this week . Sudheer Khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife , Smita Haval Khamitkar , and their sons Arnav Khamitkar , 10 and Arush Khamitkar , 6 , in separate rooms at their Tulsa home , police said . The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days . ` Right now we still do n't know the motive behind the murder-suicide , ' said Sergeant Shane Tuell . Gunned down : Smita Haval Khamitkar , pictured with one of her sons , was shot by her husband along with their two boys - aged six and 10 - before he turned the gun on himself . Their bodies were found on Wednesday . On Thursday , Tuell said the father had recently changed jobs and that detectives would interview his current and former employers in an effort to learn if he was having personal troubles . There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought , authorities said . A backdoor was unlocked and a handgun was found near the father 's body . ` The evidence indicates that the father shot and killed the children and the wife before turning the gun on himself , ' said homicide Sergeant Dave Walker in a news release . ` There is evidence of multiple gunshots throughout the house . All the bodies were found in different rooms throughout the house . ' Sergeant Walker added that the family had lived at the home for 10 years and there had been no previous history of domestic violence or criminal activity at the home , Newson6 reported . Questions : Tulsa police gather at the front entrance of a home as they investigate after a father shot dead his wife , their children and himself in Tulsa , Oklahoma on Wednesday . They are still searching for a motive . Tulsa police captain Matt McCord said the bodies may have been in the house for ` as many as two days ' Mrs Khamitkar , whose Facebook page indicates she was originally from Pune in India , had worked as an Android app developer for American Airlines . ` Smita Khamitkar was a member of the American Airlines team in Tulsa for nearly five years and we 're deeply saddened by the news of her passing , ' the company said in a statement . ` Our thoughts and prayers are with Smita 's family , friends and colleagues during this very difficult time . ' Online profiles for Mr Khamitkar show he had trained and worked as a mechanical engineer for companies including Oseco , a relief systems company , and Wellman Products Group , a company that develops car parts . He had also secured multiple patents in previous years for new types of rupture discs - a device that prevents equipment or a system from being damaged by too much pressure . Neighbors said they were shocked by the events and called the area safe . Most every property in the neighborhood has a large fence , so children can play or swim in privacy , though some play basketball in the driveway or at a cul-de-sac . ` I love this neighborhood . It 's very quiet here , ' Mercedes Perez told The Associated Press . Police investigate the scene after the bodies of four people were found following a welfare check . Her husband , Vinicio Perez , said he would sometimes see two children playing and bouncing around in the front yard of the home where the bodies were found . ` I 'm shocked , ' he said . ` This place should be a place surrounded by security . ' Stephen Wiseman lived next door to the family for almost ten years . He said : They were wonderful , the most kind -LSB- and -RSB- gentle people you 'd ever meet . Our kids played with them all day on Saturday , and ... we saw the kids on Sunday . ' Another neighbor reported hearing noises at the house late on Monday .