It 's official , darling -- the stars of hit BBC show Absolutely Fabulous are set to reunite for a film . Jennifer Saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed yesterday the cast will begin filming in the autumn . She revealed that Joanna Lumley , who plays Patsy in the comedy -LRB- pictured with Saunders -RRB- had told her to ` do it before we die ' and she was spurred on to finish the script by a £ 10,000 bet with Dawn French . Jennifer Saunders -LRB- left -RRB- and Joanna Lumley -LRB- right -RRB- are set to reunite for a film of Absolutely Fabulous . The film will be based in London , with some scenes in the south of France , or in the Bahamas if the budget allows . Saunders , 56 , who plays immature Edina , told ITV 's Loose Women that she had been ` nervous ' about writing the film script . She said : ` I think that 's why I did n't do it for a while . I thought , would n't it be awful if it was awful but now we 're all so old , Joanna said to me `` Do it before we die ! '' We 're all on the brink . ' When pushed for details about the film 's plot , she said : ` There is a plot and that 's the miracle ! ` It involves all the main characters and virtually everyone that 's ever been in the series , all those characters , and we 're in London and sometimes we might go to the South of France , I 'm hoping . ` I 'm waiting for the budget ! It could be anywhere -- if it 's a big budget it will be the Bahamas ! ' The film will be based in London , with some scenes in the south of France , or in the Bahamas if the budget allows . Jennifer Saunders plays Edina Monsoon while Lumley plays Patsy Stone . Miss Saunders said she was hurried along to finish to script because of a bet with Dawn French , 57 . She said : ` Dawn bet me on live radio a year and a half ago , that if I did n't write it that year , I 'd have to pay her £ 10,000 , which was a good kind of motivator and I just got it in on time . New Years Eve I gave it to her . ' The award-winning comedy is set in the world of fashion and PR . Jennifer Saunders plays immature and fun-loving mother Edina Monsoon and Julia Sawalha stars as her sensible daughter Saffron .