Veteran CBS News ` Face the Nation ' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer . It 's not his first retirement announcement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking . Schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian University 's Schieffer School of Journalism in Fort Worth , his alma mater . ` It 's been a great adventure , ' Schieffer said at the college . ` You know , I 'm one of the luckiest people in the world because as a little boy , as a young reporter , I always wanted to be a journalist , and I got to do that . ` And not many people get to do that , and I could n't have asked for a better life or something that was more fun and more fulfilling . ' Bob Schieffer opens the Schieffer Symposium on the News at TCU on Wednesday , April 8 , 2015 , in Fort Worth , Texas . CBS says veteran newsman Schieffer is retiring this year . Career : Schieffer began at the political affairs show ` Face the Nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang . Announcement : Schieffer also posted the news of his retirement to his Twitter account Wednesday night . New career option : Country singer Brad Paisley joked about what Schieffer might do after stepping down from his job with CBS News . On Wednesday night , Schieffer tweeted ` Great talking journalism at @TCU tonight . Also really happy to be in my hometown , where it all started , to announce my retirement . ' Journalists and media personalities have been discussing Stelter 's announcement on social media . CBS This Morning Anchor Gayle King , who was present when the news broke , uploaded a photograph of Schieffer to Instagram , along with the caption ` Oh what a nite ! @bob schieffer announces he is RETIRInG . . A class act and his announcement stunned the audience at the schieffer symposium . ' CNN 's Brian Stelter wrote Twitter ` Sandy Livingston , who was at Schieffer announcement in TX : `` It was a stunner to the audience . There were some gasps ; I heard some ` Oh nos ' '' ' ` Bob Schieffer announces retirement from an amazing career : at CBS since ' 69 , hosting Face the Nation since ' 91 . Trusted by both sides , ' Fox News ' Howard Kurtz tweeted . CNN 's Jake Tapper and The Drudge Report 's Matt Drudge were also among those who paid tribute to Schieffer on Twitter . Big reveal : CBS This Morning Anchor Gayle King said Schieffer 's announcement ` stunned ' Stay tuned : King also uploaded this shot of Schieffer to Instagram after the news broke . Tribute : CNN news anchor Jake Tapper called Schieffer a ` legend ' Wednesday night . He will be missed : Matt Drudge also said he was ` sad to see ' Schieffer retire . A former newspaper reporter at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , Schieffer joined CBS News in 1969 and has been the network 's chief Washington correspondent since 1992 . He began at the political affairs show ` Face the Nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang . He had an unexpected career highlight starting in 2005 , filling in as anchor of the ` CBS Evening News ' following Dan Rather 's exit for a year and a half until Katie Couric took over the role . His folksy style got good reviews , boosted ratings and healed morale at the news division following the network 's discredited report on President George W. Bush 's military service . Schieffer survived bladder cancer about a decade ago , a brush with mortality that was one factor in his 2008 announcement that he would retire with the inauguration of a new president in January 2009 . That inauguration came and went and Schieffer stayed . He was enjoying the job too much . The death of NBC 's Tim Russert , whose ` Meet the Press ' led in the ratings for many years , opened Sunday morning to a tighter competition . ` Face the Nation ' often led , and CBS responded by expanding the show to an hour . ` I know what you 're thinking , ' CBS News President David Rhodes said in a memo to his staff Tuesday . ` Bob 's thought about retiring before , is he really retiring now ? And of course with his long connection to CBS News we 'd be happy to learn that he 's not leaving now , or that he can be seen by our viewers in the future . ' But Rhodes said Schieffer wanted to announce the end of his career where it all began . Rhodes called him ` an inspiration and a mentor to so many colleagues - and , frankly , to me . ' CBS would not talk Tuesday about potential successors at ` Face the Nation . ' Schieffer has n't had a single substitute when he took time off ; Charlie Rose , Norah O'Donnell , Major Garrett , John Dickerson and Nancy Cordes have all filled in at different times . His chief competitors are Chuck Todd at ` Meet the Press ' and George Stephanopoulos at ABC 's ` This Week . ' Rhodes told Politico ' -LSB- Schieffer -RSB- felt very strongly about doing this at TCU . He 's been really deveoted to us , he 's had such a long career here - but he 's also made a huge investment in TCU . ` His wife is still on the board , his name is on both the journalism and the communications school . He and I have been talking about this for a long time . ' CBS News quoted Schieffer as saying Wednesday ` We like any large organization we have had our ups and downs ; we 're on a high right now . `` Face the Nation , '' I think , is better than it has ever been . ' Issues : Schieffer survived bladder cancer about a decade ago , a brush with mortality that was one factor in his 2008 announcement that he would retire with the inauguration of a new president in January 2009 . Bob Schieffer , center , acknowledges applause from panelists P.J. O'Rourke , left , Holly Williams , second from left , Gayle King and Dan Balz , right , after announcing his retirement from CBS News at the close of the Schieffer Symposium on the News at TCU .