This is the moment when al-Qaeda linked Islamist fighters enter a town in Syria , narrated by a British jihadist fighter . The video , which shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern Syrian town of Jisr al-Shughour emerged yesterday , shortly after their victory . Just hours after the eight-minute video was filmed , Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on Jisr al-Shughour , killing some 20 fighters . Scroll down for video . Victory laps : Two Islamist fighters on a motorbike hold a black jihadist flag often associated with Islamic State , as other fighters hug and cheer in the street of Jisr al-Shughour . The city in the northwestern Idlib province was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra , who released the video , and other groups of Islamist militants . The video was released yesterday , and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the UK to join the fight in Syria . The man speaks with a British accent as he narrates the video from a car driving into the city . ` This is all new territory , by the mujaheddin , this is all new territory , liberated by the muslimeen , ' he says from behind the camera . ` This region has been freed and the oppression has been lifted , ' whilst repeatedly calling out Allahu Akhbar -LSB- God is great -RSB- ' Behind the frontline : The eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British fighter and shows the al-Qaeda linked group 's entry into the Syrian city they have captured . Jisr al-Shughour , a city in the northwestern Idlib province , was captured by a terrorist alliance , comprising al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra , who released the video , and other groups of Islamist militants . Despite the man behind the camera claiming that the Islamist have ` liberated ' the city , the inhabitants of Jisr al-Shughour can be seen fleeing on foot and in whatever vehicles available . The man preaches as a ` saviour ' claiming the al-Nusra front has ` saved these oppressed people ' , despite filming the inhabitants of the city as they pack their belongings and flee in long convoys on foot and in cars . The man , whose face is not shown in the video , claims that the locals are fleeing their homes because of the Syrian government , and that al-Nusra has come to ` free ' them . The day after the town was captured by the Islamist alliance , which did not include fighters from Islamic State , the Syrian government responded in force , a monitoring group said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 20 air strikes hit the city , which had been one of the regime 's last remaining strongholds in Idlib province . There was no immediate word on any casualties from the latest raids , but the Observatory said the death toll from several dozen air strikes on the city on Saturday had risen to 27 . ` At least two civilians and 20 fighters were killed in the Saturday air strikes along with five others whose identities are not yet known , ' Observatory director Rami Abdulrahman said . ` The toll is expected to rise after the bombing continued overnight and into Sunday . ' Fighting between rebel forces and regime troops continued south of the city on Sunday , he added , and opposition fighters had captured at least 40 government forces . ` Ten members of the -LRB- pro-regime -RRB- National Defence Force were captured yesterday by fighters , and today a group of 30 soldiers were found hiding in a building near the southern entrance of the city , ' Mr Abdulrahman said . ` The army launched a failed raid to rescue them . ' Calm before the storm : Just hours after the video was filmed , Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on Jisr al-Shughour , killing some 20 fighters . Attacks : Smoke rises from opposition-controlled Jobar district of Damascus after a Syrian army fighter jet attacked in a separate airstrike earlier Sunday . Syrian state television said the military had ambushed some militants close to Jisr al-Shughour , which was captured on Saturday for the first time in the four-year conflict by a hardline Islamist alliance including al-Qaeda . Syrian television also reported that the insurgents had slaughtered civilians , but the Observatory said only government supporters had been detained and no one killed . ` Terrorist groups committed a horrific massacre of civilians after entering Jisr al-Shughour , ' state television quoted a military source as saying . It said at least 30 civilians had been killed in the town close to the Turkish border . But Observatory said combatants had detained government backers and that there was no confirmation so far they had killed anyone . ` If we knew people were killed by them we would report it , ' Mr Abdulrahman added . ` No women and children were captured . ' The capture of the town of 50,000 people in Idlib province was the latest setback for government forces in the south and north of Syria . Insurgents have been trying to push the army out of the few remaining government areas in the province , bringing them closer to Latakia , a coastal province of vital importance to President Bashar al-Assad . State news agency SANA also said the military had carried out night raids around Jisr al-Shughour and inflicted heavy losses on its enemies . Last month the hardline Sunni Islamist rebels seized Idlib city , the provincial capital , after forming an alliance that includes Al-Nusra , the Ahrar al-Sham movement and Jund al-Aqsa , but not the rival ISIS group which controls large tracts of Syria and Iraq . The Islamist alliance calls itself the Army of Fatah , a reference to the conquests that spread Islam across the Middle East from the 7th century .