A young Indonesian man has cheated death after stowing himself away in the wheel housing of a jet which flew for an hour in freezing temperatures . Mario Ambarita , 21 , took chances with his life when he clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to Jakarta . The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ` looking for work ' . Mario Ambarita , pictured , clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to Jakarta . He had climbed into the wheel housing when the aircraft stopped at the end of the runway in Pekan Baru , Sumatra , during a scheduled touch down to pick up passengers . The Indonesian news organisation , Kompas , reported that Mr Ambarita was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing at Jakarta 's Soekarno-Hatta airport . Ground staff stared in amazement as the young man started staggering away from the aircraft before he was grabbed by security officials . His immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning . His mother , Tiar Sitanggan , told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that she had ` no idea ' her son was planning to go to Jakarta . The 21-year-old climbed into the wheel housing when Garuda Indonesia plane stopped at the end of the runway in Pekan Baru , Sumatra , during a scheduled touch down to pick up passengers -LRB- file picture -RRB- . She said he had left home in the town of Bagan Batu to look for work in Pekan Baru , which is also on Sumatra island . ` He left last month and I had n't heard from him since , ' she said . She only found about his exploits when she saw him on MetroTV news . Mr Pesman Pujabroto , a spokesman for Garuda , said Mr Ambarita ` knew the plane would stop ' after it taxied to the end of the runway at Pekan Baru . It was then that he seized the opportunity to smuggle himself into the wheel housing . The air temperature was well below freezing and experts said the stowaway had only managed to survive because of the relatively short flight . An airline spokesman said Mr Ambarita was suffering from the effects of the cold and lack of oxygen when he stumbled out of the wheel well . Mr Ambarita was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing at Jakarta 's Soekarno-Hatta airport -LRB- shown in this file picture -RRB- . ` He looked lacking of oxygen , ' said the airline 's communication secretary , Pujobroto , who like many Indonesians uses only one name . ` His fingers turned blue and his left ear was bleeding . ' Garuda 's ground crew immediately helped him to the airport 's clinic where last night he was received treatment . It was expected he would be transferred to a hospital later . Mr Pujobroto said the maximum cruising altitude of that particular flight was 34,000 ft , far above the 16,000 ft threshold where the air temperature drops to freezing . The young man 's relatives said that since a child he had dreamed of visiting Jakarta . It was learned that for the past 10 days he had kept the Pekan Baru airport under watch after learning how to sneak into a plane 's wheel housing from the Internet . He had also worked out how to reach the aircraft by clambering over a security fence .