Paraded in a glass coffin and flanked by jostling civilians , members of the armed forces and the media scrum , the former right-hand man of Saddam Hussein was handed over to the authorities today . Iraqi officials said Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province , north of Baghdad , on Friday . Today , his body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ` King of Clubs ' . Scroll down for video . The body of Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was today delivered to the Ministry of Health in Baghdad . Civilians , members of the armed forces and photographers try to get a closer look at the body . Al-Douri was ranked sixth on the US military 's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after the offensive to overthrow Saddam and had a $ 10m bounty on his head . Al-Douri , 72 , was reportedly killed near Tikrit , where he was working alongside ISIS militants . Al-Douri was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . A glass coffin with transparent panels carrying the body of Al-Douri - with his bright orange beard - was transferred from a van into a government vehicle . The event was broadcast live on state television in Iraq . Al-Douri , 72 , headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group , an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS . He was one of Saddam 's most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup . Both Al-Douri and Saddam came from the same Tikriti tribal background . His daughter was briefly married to Saddam 's elder son , Uday , who - together with his brother Qusay - was killed by US forces in Mosul in July 2003 . He was then deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . Following the execution of Saddam Hussein on 30 December , 2006 , Al-Douri was confirmed as the new leader of the banned Ba'ath Party . A man in army uniform and a balaclava takes a picture of the former right-hand man of Saddam Hussein . A glass coffin with transparent panels containing the remains of Al-Douri was transferred from a van into a government vehicle in scenes broadcast on state television in Iraq . Al-Douri was an Iraqi military commander and was Vice Chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council , until the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq . Al-Douri was the King of Clubs in the famous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam 's regime after its collapse . Al-Douri was deemed the most high-profile official of Saddam 's Ba'ath Party to evade capture after the invasion . He was ranked sixth on the US military 's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after offensive to overthrow Saddam and had a $ 10m bounty on his head . He was the King of Clubs in the infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam 's regime after its collapse . His dead body was pictured on social media on Friday with his teeth missing , an unkempt orange beard and a bloody head wound . Salahuddin governor Raed al-Jabouri said soldiers and allied Shia militiamen killed him in an operation east of Tikrit - a city that was recaptured by the government two weeks ago . He said : ` This is a major victory for those involved in the operation . He is considered a mastermind for this terrorist group . ` For sure this will have an impact on them ... there will be a break among them . ' ISIS currently controls a swath of land slightly larger than the UK , from Aleppo to central Iraq . In the invasion of Iraq by a US-led coalition , the military developed a set of playing cards to help troops identify the most-wanted members of Saddam 's regime . This was mostly high-ranking members of the Iraqi Regional Branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party or members of the Revolutionary Command Council . The cards were officially named the ` personality identification playing cards ' . Each card contained the wanted person 's address and , if available , the job they carried out . The highest-ranking cards , starting with the aces and kings , were used for the people at the top of the most-wanted list . Saddam , who was number one on the most wanted list , was the Ace of Spades . The aces of clubs and hearts were his sons Qusay and Uday respectively , who were both killed in Mosul in 2003 . The ace of diamonds was Saddam 's presidential secretary Abid Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti . He was executed in June 2012 after being sentenced to death by the Iraqi High Tribunal . Al-Douri was the King of Clubs in the pack of cards . However , in recent months Iraqi forces , supported by US-led air strikes , have captured large areas from the terrorist group . But on Friday , a car bomb killed three people outside the US consulate in Erbil , the capital of Iraq 's Kurdistan region that is allied with Washington in a war against ISIS , which claimed the attack . No US personnel were hurt in the blast , according to the State Department , which said a ` vehicle-borne improvised explosive device ' exploded right outside the entrance to the heavily fortified compound . ISIS also claimed responsibility for two car bombings in Baghdad that killed at least 27 people on Friday . ` The fighters of the Islamic State detonated two car bombs in the heart of the Iraqi capital this evening and a third in Erbil , ' the group said via its news agency . Such attacks are relatively rare in Kurdistan , which has managed to insulate itself from the worst of the violence afflicting the rest of Iraq . A car bomb killed three people outside the US consulate in Erbil , capital of Iraq 's Kurdistan region , on Friday . Kurdish security forces respond to an explosion at the pedestrian entrance to the US Consulate complex .