A family have spoken of their heartbreak after two of their beloved pet dogs were shot dead by their neighbour . The horrific incident happened after Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to the rural village of Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005 . They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home . But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour 's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds . Scroll down for video . Lisa Tuttle with her one remaining dog Bella , after her other two dogs were shot dead by the farmer next door . Lily , centre , and Marley , right , were killed as they were accused of slaughtering a farmer 's birds after escaping onto his land from the Tuttle 's garden . Bella , left , is the family 's remaining dog . Lisa reveals on Channel 5 show The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm , John Cook , over her dogs trespassing on his property . It began with their first dog - a Labrador called Ruby - who the family got shortly after moving into their new home . Lisa said Ruby kept escaping from their garden onto Mr Cook 's land causing him to come and complain . She explained : ` He knocked on the door and said `` your dog is getting out , she 's being a problem , she 's going after my pheasants '' . ' ` I did n't like him , I thought he was rude . I was upset as I did n't want to cause trouble . We did our best to make sure it would n't happen again and I thought that would be the end of it . ' But a few days later , Mr Cook returned to complain that Ruby had killed 120 of his birds and if he saw her on his land again , he would shoot her . James said he found this hard to believe as Ruby did not show any evidence of having attacked the birds as she never had blood on her fur or around her mouth . Lisa outside her home in Geldeston , Norfolk . She thought it would be the perfect place to raise her family but now wants to move following the devastating loss of their two family pets . Lisa added : ` She was gentle . I found it so hard to believe what he was saying was true . I said I wanted proof of dead pheasants before I gave him any money but we did n't hear from him again . ' Terrified that Ruby 's life was at risk if she escaped from their garden again , Lisa and James made the painful decision to have her re-homed . ` Ruby 's safety came first so we have to give her away , it tore me apart for three or four months , ' Lisa said . Her young son Ryan added he was also upset they had to give her away . ` Ruby was a really gentle dog , I loved her but she kept escaping . I was devastated , heartbroken , I had her for a long time , ' he said . The family decided to keep one of Ruby 's puppies , Marley , and hoped she would not have her mother 's adventurous tendency to roam outside their garden . For years , they did n't have any trouble with Mr Cook so they decided to get two more dogs , Lily and Bella in 2013 . But the three dogs started following in Ruby 's footsteps and repeatedly escaped onto Mr Cook 's land . The Tuttle 's first dog Ruby , pictured , had to be re-homed because she kept escaping from their garden . Ryan said they tried to put up more fences and block holes to stop the dogs leaving their garden ` but they kept digging under the hedge and getting out . ' However , as they had no further complaints from their neighbours , Lisa did n't think too much of it . In August 2014 , they arranged to go away for a family holiday leaving her mother and sister to look after the three dogs . Three days into their trip , they received some shocking news . ` My mum called and said the farmer had complained that Lily and Marley had been on his land , ' Lisa recalled . ` It was a shock as I had n't had any runs in with him since Ruby . ` She said they had both been shot , they 're dead . It was like a dream , I was devastated . ' Mr Cook said the dogs had broken into one of his pens and slaughtered his birds . This gave his gamekeeper the right to shot them under the Protection of Livestock Act . Owners whose dogs are killed can prosecute on the grounds that their property has been destroyed . Lisa reveals how they tried to patch up holes in their garden walls and fences to stop the dogs getting out but they kept digging holes to escape . Marley , pictured , was killed for worrying livestock after the farmer 's gamekeeper acted within the law when the dogs were said to break into a bird pen on farmer John Cook 's property . But if the killer has a ` lawful excuse ' - such as where there were no other means of ending or preventing the dogs worrying their livestock - they have not committed an offence . Mr Cook says he and his gamekeeper acted with the law and they have not been charged with any wrong-doing . It 's a bitter pill for the Tuttles to swallow as they say they are bereft at the loss of their two pets . Ryan said when he heard the dogs had been killed he felt like ` a chunk of me was gone , it was like my heart was pulled away . ' Meanwhile , Lisa , who still has one dog , Bella , says she is also struggling to come to terms with what happened and no longer wants to live in the area . She said : ` I 'm on anti-depressants . I do n't want to live here anymore . Everywhere there are reminders of what he 's done and what he 's taken away from us . ' The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door is on Channel 5 Wednesdays at 8 pm .