Famous Italian designers like Fendi , Gucci and Prada may be toted by celebrities such as Rihanna , Kate Moss and Katy Perry , but few are probably aware of the history behind the brands they wear . A new book has now archived the changing face of Italian fashion , from the post-war years to the 21st century . Italian Glamour : The Essence of Italian Fashion , From the Postwar Years to the Present Day , captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images . Model Joan Olsen -LRB- left -RRB- shows off bold linear prints in an outfit by haute couture designer/artist Livio de Simone in 1954 . Co-author Enrico says that Italian glamour is not ` sophisticated or artificial ' The book was compiled by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli - the two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy . The volume has been compiled by Enrico Quinto , 51 , and Paolo Tinarelli , 49 . The two men established the first flea market in Rome and were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in Italy . Enrico revealed that they wanted to honour the Italian designers who have helped to make the country a fashion powerhouse . He said : ` The pioneers that have really put Italy on the map of international fashion have been Emilio Pucci in the Fifties , Missoni and Krizia in the Sixties , Giorgio Armani and Gianni Versace in the Seventies and Eighties , and Dolce & Gabbana , Prada and Gucci in the Nineties . ' Fifties cover girl Ivy Nicholson wears Emilio Pucci in Capri , 1953 . The book talks about how the start of many Italian fashion powerhouses started out with a real focus on craftsmanship . The book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world 's biggest Italian brands and how they rose to cultural significance . It looks at how designers such as Miuccia Prada , Giorgio Armani and Adele Casagrande , founder of Fendi , have created a legacy within their labels . Many Italian powerhouses started out with a focus on craftsmanship , using work methods and decorative traditions that were passed down through generations . Post-war economic development in the fifties saw the expansion of the advertising industry into high fashion . Designers such as Alma Maria Lami constructed clothes that were decorated with a patchwork of ideas and activities . The book also explores momentous periods which truly characterised Italian fashion . For example , post-war economic development in the Fifties saw the expansion of the advertising industry into high fashion . Designers like Alma Maria Lami constructed clothes that were decorated with patchworks of cartoon-like ideas and activities , which subtly influenced buyers . A woman wears a structural suit by Fernandi , at a time when Italian fashion was beginning to break away from Parisian style . In the mid-fifties , Emilio Frederico Schuberth created an outfit which had a removable over-skirt so that the wearer could opt for a straight or flared silhouette . Another poignant moment came in the mid-Fifties , where Italian fashion began to break away from what Parisian style dictated . Creative directors such as Emilio Frederico Schuberth began to create structurally innovative creations . Italian Glamour also looks at breakthrough moments for Italian fashion , such as one of the first runway showcases in Florence , which saw the artistic city overtake Paris as the global fashion capital . From that moment on , styles quickly progressed . By the mid-Forties , Italian designers began to take their inspiration from Hollywood femme fatales rather than Parisian fashion . Religion was also an inspiration , which explains the high-necks and dark tones often seen in that period . The moment Italian fashion made its breakthrough , at the grand hall in Florence 's Palazzo Pitti in 1951 . A model is pictured in Italy in 1953 . In the mid-forties , Italian designers began to take their inspiration from Hollywood femme fatales rather than Parisian fashion . Religion was also an inspiration , which explains the high-necks and dark tones . Model Liliana Mongini wears Germana Marucelli in January 1950 . Marucelli was the first Italian post-war designer - her designs were on several occasions interpreted by Christian Dior . In fact , Parisian fashion soon began to follow the lead of Italian innovators . Germana Marucelli was the first Italian post-war designer , and her designs were , on several occasions , interpreted by Frenchman Christian Dior . The book also examines how trends developed over the years and iconic celebrity moments that would cement a designer 's fame . One in particular came in 1956 , when Italian-French film star Sophia Loren wore a sweeping gown by Emilio Schuberth at the Cannes Festival . Schuberth became known as the ` tailor to the stars ' , and also catered for the likes of Rita Hayworth and Brigitte Bardot . His students included Valentino Garavani - who continues to be an Italian powerhouse today . Impossibly glamorous : In 1956 , Italian-French film star Sophia Loren wore a sweeping gown by Emilio Schuberth at the Cannes Festival . This dress by Emilio Schuberth cemented his position as ` tailor to the stars ' Late sixties and early seventies creations from Fendi , including the bag with the signature interlocking Fs -LRB- right -RRB- . Examples of humble beginnings are especially surprisingly when looking at labels such as Fendi - who originally came into existence as a leather and fur shop in Rome . From the mid-Sixties , Karl Lagerfeld was involved in the design of Fendi 's logo with the interlocking F letters . Several designers in the book , such as Federico Forquet , are no longer operational , but were important in influencing and shaping the overall movement and progression of Italian fashion . The book also highlights how certain Italian designers , such as Roberto Carpucci , were propelled to fame when clothes were featured in advertorials - eventually appearing in publications such as Vogue . A piece from Italian designer Federico Forquet , in his autumn/winter 1965 collection . Renowned Italian designer , Roberto Carpucci 's structural designs featured in Vogue Italia in 1982 . A defining moment for Italian fashion was circa 1994 ; Elizabeth Hurley stepped out in a Versace safety pin gown that was to become one of the most iconic dresses of all time . From then on , it seemed that Italian fashion was the pinnacle of daring style . Co-author of the book , Enrico Quinto says that Italian glamour is ` in the DNA of an Italian 's lifestyle ' . He adds : ` Italian glamour is not sophisticated or artificial ; it keeps conscious of the female 's body , and it works in the same way as the idea of ` Dolce Far Niente ' - the sweetness of doing nothing . It 's an accessible beauty - simple and natural . ' Elizabeth Hurley in 1994 -LRB- left -RRB- , pictured with then-beau , Hugh Grant -LRB- right -RRB- wearing the Versace dress that would go down in fashion history . Liz Hurley 's dress -LRB- pictured -RRB- was a creation from Gianni Versace 's spring/summer 1994 collection . In fact , Italian style has made a huge contribution to the fashion industry today , with Milan Fashion Week still a crucial part of the circuit , and with young models such as Kendall Jenner flocking to Milan every year . Popular culture figures such as Rihanna , are also active lovers of the Italian style . Rihanna recently customised a Fendi Baguette bag for a charity auction , along with Sarah Jessica Parker . Rihanna toting not one but two of her customised Baguette bags with Fendi at the launch . Successful models such as Kendall Jenner -LRB- pictured -RRB- flock to Milan Fashion Week every season to walk in shows such as Dolce & Gabbana -LRB- left - Autumn/Winter 2015 , right - Spring/Summer 2015 -RRB- . Italian style is very much still crucial to the fashion landscape . In terms of the state of Italian glamour now , Enrico argues that it is a changing landscape , but something that maintains its simplicity . ` Italy has become more global and the melting pot of different nationalities has automatically brought new influences into Italy 's lifestyle . ` I believe that the essence of Italian glamour is based on a certain ` minimalism ' . Clothing still has to be practical and adapted to an understated lifestyle . Italian Glamour : The Essence of Italian Fashion , From the Postwar Years to the Present Day -LRB- Skira Editore -RRB- is out on 30 March 2015 .