From a rusting Ferris wheel to a train rendered barely visible due to overgrown weeds , this Japanese theme park has n't heard the happy screams of visiting children in a very long time . In its heyday , Kejonuma Leisure Land , in Tohoku , Japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors . With an amusement park , campsite and driving range , the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors , attributed to Japan 's low birth rate and economic collapse . A rusting Ferris wheel perfectly captures the eerie remains of the abandoned Japanese theme park , Kejonuma Leisure Land . Today , the deserted merry-go-round and other relics of a bygone era are tourist attractions in their own right . Urban explorer Florian Seidel , 38 , visited the creepy location , which is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse , to document the extent of the site 's ongoing dereliction . Looking at his images , it 's hard to believe that the park , which opened in 1979 , once attracted 200,000 visitors annually from around the country . Kansai-based photographer , Seidel , said of his project : ` Exploring Kejonuma Leisure Land was an amazing experience , it turned out to be one of the most underrated abandoned places I have ever visited . ' Florian Seidel , a Kensai-based photographer , visited the site in 2014 to capture the park 's ongoing dereliction . Other abandoned amusement parks have been ` photographed to death , ' says Seidel , who felt as though there was plenty to see . In its heyday , the theme park in Tohoku , Japan , attracted approximately 200,000 visitors per year from around the country . The resort , which included an amusement park , campsite and driving range officially closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors . While most photographers who visit the site focus on the looming Ferris wheel , Seidel quickly realised that there was far more to see . ` Everything there had the right amount of natural decay with no signs of vandalism ' he explained . ` It looked like time just forgot about it , despite the fact that it is located right next to a public road . ` Other locations , especially abandoned amusement parks , have been photographed to death , but at Kejonuma Leisure Land , I had the feeling that I was still exploring the place , constantly finding new things to take pictures of . ' Today , the broken down remains of the park are tourist attractions in their own right , with many of urban photographers keen to take snaps . Most photographers who visit , focus on the looming Ferris wheel , but Seidel quickly realised that there was far more to see . Seidel refers to Kejonuma Leisure Land as ` one of the most underrated abandoned places ' that he has ever visited . Several pair of shoes have been left behind inside the park , as well as plates , notepads and boxes . According to The Japan Times , the theme park was built next to the site of the ` pond of the ghost woman ' , an ancient myth which is claimed could have been factor in its untimely closure . The subject of the folklore is said to be a beautiful damsel , who supposedly lived near a pond in the area well-known for its abundance of snakes . One day the woman gave birth to a baby in the form of a snake , which slithered away into the pond , where its cries could be heard every night . Despite the fact that the theme park is located next to a very public road , there has been very little vandalism on the property . According to Japanese folklore , the park was built next to the site of the ` pond of the ghost woman ' and is said to be jinxed . Some even attribute the myth as a factor as to the park 's untimely demise , though others believe the closure was due to economic issues . According to the story , a beautiful damsel is said to have given birth to a baby in the form of a snake , which slithered away into the pond . According to legend , the young mum was driven mad by her serpent baby 's incessant moans , eventually committing suicide in the pond . Allegedly , she cursed the area upon her death - an intriguing story that only adds to the ` eerie mystique ' of this fascinating site . Driven mad by her serpent baby 's incessant moans , the young mum committed suicide by jumping in the pond , cursing the site upon her death . Seidel said : ` A lot of Japanese people , especially women , are quite superstitious , so if that urban legend would have had any impact , I do n't think the park would have been in business for 21 years ; it would have been bankrupt within months . ` Although it 's an intriguing tale and only adds to the eerie mystique of this fascinating site . '