A super-fertile dental nurse is being hailed a hero after helping scores of childless couples try to conceive - by donating 50 eggs . Mother-of-two Kelly Parsons , from Morden , south west London , has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy , thanks to her willingness to go through the painful donation procedure . In the space of 11 months , the 35-year-old 's eggs have become twin girls , twin boys and a baby boy . Kelly Parsons , 35 , from London -LRB- pictured with daughters Emily , four , -LRB- left -RRB- and 11-year-old Charlotte -LRB- right -RRB- has donate 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive . Kelly said : ` Despite the pain , it was worth it to bring joy to families that would never be able to have kids naturally . ` To have the urge to have kids and not be able to have them must be heartbreaking . I 'm only a little part of making these babies . ` I am sure the parents will probably curse me in the middle of the night when they have to do bottle feeds . ' Kelly and her train dispatcher husband Dean , 41 , had a daughter , Charlotte , now 11 , in 2003 . After eight years of trying and three heartbreaking miscarriages , Kelly gave birth to daughter Emily in January 2011 . Kelly then decided to start donating her eggs to other childless couples , in a bid to help as many families share the joys of children . Kelly and her husband Dean , 41 , -LRB- second right -RRB- struggled for eight years to conceive Emily , with Kelly suffering three heartbreaking miscarriages . She said : ` I wanted the eggs to go to a husband and wife so that the kids would be raised in a similar environment to our family - after all , these eggs could have been my children . ` Dean was n't totally on board but because I have supported him through so many crazy things , he knew it was my turn . ` You can only donate your eggs until you are 35 , and because I was 33 at the time I felt like the clock was ticking . ' Kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries , and after a few months she will have stored up enough for them to be harvested . She said : ` After the first time I donated eggs I was knackered but so happy I 'd done it . Kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries . In all , the nurse has donated eggs three times , leading to three successful pregnancies - twin boys , twin girls , and a baby boy . ` A week later I got a call to say five of them had been fertilised and two had been implanted into the mum-to-be . ` They 'd also frozen the others so they could have more kids in the future . ` From then on I was on tenterhooks , hoping her body would accept the embryos . ` Although I knew nothing about the couple , I really felt a connection to them . ' In all , Kelly has donated eggs three times , leading to three successful pregnancies . Also , a number of her eggs have been frozen for future use . Controversially , Kelly has told her 11-year-old daughter that she has brothers and sisters . Controversially she has told her daughter Charlotte that she has brothers and sisters out there - and she has elected for her egg donor kids to be able to contact her daughters when they turn 18 . She also chose for the kids to be able to contact her daughters when they turn 18 - as she wants her girls to know their half siblings . She added : ` I would love to see if they look like me and am curious to meet them when they grow up . ` Charlotte is so excited by the thought she might get to meet her brothers and sisters one day . ` She even wants to donate her eggs because she thinks what I 've done is amazing . ` The people that I 've helped have babies have been through the menopause or cancer meaning they could never conceive naturally . Imagine having that urge to become a mother but not being able to have a baby , it must be devastating . ` Life can be so cruel and I 'm just thrilled I could bring happiness to other women . '