Jurgen Klopp would be ideally suited for the Manchester City manager 's job , according to former Germany international Dietmar Hamann . The 47-year-old announced on Wednesday he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season after seven successful years at the Bundesliga club . And there will undoubtedly be a number of leading European clubs interested in securing his services , including the defending Premier League champions . Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday after seven years . Former Manchester City midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there . Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out at Manchester City following a poor season . City are set to end the season trophyless and Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out . Former City midfielder Hamann believes that Klopp has ` more right to take over the job than Pellegrini ever had . ' He told talkSPORT : ` What Klopp has done at Dortmund is second to none . If there is a shortlist at City , he should be up there . ` He is very well respected , he is articulate , and he speaks very good English . He does n't hold back - he says what he thinks . ` There are no guarantees with anyone but he deserves a shot at a top club in any country . ` He has got the fire , because he is a bit younger than Pellegrini , to make him aware of what is at stake every weekend . An emotional Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager . Klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe , including City and Real Madrid . Klopp won the Bundesliga title twice during his seven years as Dortmund manager . Bundesliga 2010-11 , 2011-12 . German Cup 2011-12 . DFL-Supercup 2013 , 2014 . T-Home Supercup 2008 . UEFA Champions League runner-up 2012-13 . German Manager of the Year 2011 , 2012 . KLOPP 'S RECORD AT DORTMUND . Pld 309 W 175 D 67 L 67 Win % 56.63 . ` You have got to have a relationship with the players these days or you wo n't succeed and he will be very good at that . ` He will be very good at getting players and people on board and that is why I think he would be a success . ` As I said , there are no guarantees anywhere , but I thnk he has got more right to take over Manchester City than Pellegrini ever had . ' Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup during his seven years at the Westfalenstadion , as well as taking them to the final of the Champions League in 2013 . But he will step down in late June and seek a new challenge following a testing campaign in which Dortmund have flirted with relegation . They are currently 10th in the table having recovered their form but are 37 points behind rivals Bayern Munich . Klopp has also been touted as Carlo Ancelotti 's replacement at Real Madrid , but Hamann , who also played for Bayern Munich , Newcastle United , Liverpool and Bolton , believes there is only one place he should go . He said : ` His style of management and his style of play would suit England a lot better than it would Italy and Spain . The emotion was clear to see as Klopp announced he was leaving the club at a Wednesday press conference . ` I do n't think he is a manager for Real Madrid because most weekends he likes to wear his tracksuit , and I ca n't see a Real Madrid manager standing on the touchline wearing a tracksuit . ` Most big jobs in England are taken , so Man City might be the obvious move . I 'd like to see him here . '