Conflicting stance : Ed Miliband , pictured during a speech yesterday , will today announce a ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration . Ed Miliband will today claim Labour 's attitude to immigration has ` changed ' -- despite still refusing to put any upper limit on the numbers allowed in . In an audacious move , the Labour leader will insist that he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration -- not false promises ' . He will say : ` We will deal with people 's concerns because we have listened , we have learned and we have changed . ' But , only hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration . Under intense pressure during a home affairs debate on the BBC 's Daily Politics Show , Yvette Cooper would say only she wanted the number to be lower than the current 300,000 . Presenter Andrew Neil had pointed out that , in office , Labour had ` virtually opened the door ' to record migration . During Labour 's 13 years in power , the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6 million . Home Secretary Theresa May , trading blows with Ms Cooper in the debate , said : ` The choice is clear . Back to a Labour Home Office which they admitted was not fit for purpose , or the Conservatives , who have a plan to reform free movement , cut immigration , defeat extremism and keep cutting crime . ' The Tories are fighting the election on a commitment to reduce net migration to the ` tens of thousands ' . Speaking in the Vale of Glamorgan today , Mr Miliband will claim that Labour would implement a ten-point plan for curbing immigration during its first 100 days in office . It includes recruiting an additional 1,000 border staff , banning recruitment agencies from hiring only from overseas and making it illegal for employers to undercut wages by exploiting workers . However , the Tories are likely to point out that a number of the proposals are already in the process of being implemented . They include the introduction of full exit checks to count people in and out of the country and ` stopping those who have committed serious crimes coming to Britain ' . Mr Miliband is expected to say : ` David Cameron once promised to cut net immigration to tens of thousands -- and told us to kick him out of office if he did n't deliver . But , only hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper -LRB- pictured -RRB- refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration . Union boss Len McCluskey last night hailed Ed Miliband as Britain 's next prime minister and said the country stood on the ` brink of change ' . The Unite general secretary praised Labour for a series of ` radical ' policies , including the ` freeze ' on energy prices , the mansion tax and the 50p income tax rate . And he praised Mr Miliband for planning to repeal ` some of the worst anti-union ' laws with a commission headed by John Monks , the former TUC general secretary . Addressing a rally of trade unionists in London , Mr McCluskey , whose union is Labour 's biggest donor , said : ` Our nation stands on the brink of change . ` In ten days the people will cast their vote . They will pass their judgment on the last five years of Tory coalition , on the Labour Party and on Ed Miliband -- as our leader and our next Prime Minister . ' He said Labour offered ` something different ' and told the audience : ` Is it radical enough ? You judge for yourself . ' Labour would ` end bogus self-employment and put a stop to the zero-hour contracts that have become a stain on our nation , ' Mr McCluskey added . ` On tax they 're going to tackle non-doms , a 50p tax rate for those who can afford it , a mansion tax and above all tackling tax avoidance . ' He said David Cameron 's pledge to ` finish the job ' of deficit reduction were ` perhaps the scariest words in the English language ' . Last week Mr McCluskey was caught boasting that trade unions ` own ' the Labour Party and its policies . In the Unite magazine he wrote : ` The Labour Party is our party , we built it , to serve us . These are our policies . They are now within our grasp . ' ` But net migration rose to 298,000 last year , almost exactly three times higher than he promised . Nothing damages people 's faith in politics more than broken promises like that -- or those he is still making today . ` I will only make promises I can keep . I wo n't offer false targets or seek to exploit concerns with the politics of fear . Instead , I am offering clear , credible and concrete ways of making a real difference . ' He will add : ` Immigration is too important an issue for our country to be abandoned by the Prime Minister so it can be exploited by Nigel Farage . ' Last week , David Cameron made a passionate plea to Ukip voters not to risk letting in a Labour government that will allow ` a return to uncontrolled immigration ' . Writing exclusively for the Daily Mail , he said he understood people 's ` fears and worries ' about immigration . It followed a poll showing six in ten are unhappy with the Government 's record . Mr Cameron wrote : ` Do you honestly think Ed Miliband cares about controlling immigration ? No . ` He was there the last time , remember , when net immigration increased fivefold . ' Mr Miliband has apologised for the calamitous underestimate of the number of Eastern Europeans who would arrive in Britain when the EU 's border 's expanded eastwards in 2004 . But he refuses to accept that unprecedented levels of non-EU migration were a mistake . One ex-Labour adviser notoriously said the party 's aim was to ` rub the Right 's nose in diversity ' . ■ ED Miliband has revealed that a Labour government would legalise humanist weddings . The move could lead to a clamour for other unconventional unions , including Jedi and Druid marriages , to be given the same status as traditional weddings . Mr Miliband told Pink News his government would look to give the controversial ceremonies the same status as religious and civil unions . There was widespread support for humanist marriage across Parliament during the passage of the Equal Marriage Act , including from Labour . ` We still support the legal recognition of humanist marriages and we 'll review the law , ' said Mr Miliband . The UK 's first pagan wedding took place last month in Scotland .