The seven-year-old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created . Sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way . The short film was created by The Next Family , an organisation that supports diverse families . How life begins : Seven-year-old Sophia , the daughter of two moms , made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby . Simply put : Sophia created some illustrations to help make her point as she addressed the camera . ` If you 're a kid with two moms and you do n't know how to explain it to other kids or people , this is a video of how you can explain it , ' Sophia enthusiastically starts her video . ` Say you have mom , and she was in love with this other mom , and then they married , and then they 're going to have a baby . But they need a boy ! ' Her mother gently guides her as she explains the facts about how ` they call this guy at this place called a sperm donor ' . Sophia continues : ` They ask for sperm from him and when he gives it to them and they say thank you , and then he is their invisible -- the kid 's invisible father and ... and , well , that 's how they get born . The end . ' The video is illustrated by the first-grader , who uses a series of kid-friendly cartoons to depict the process she is describing . Motherly bond : The film was created by The Next Family , an organisation that supports diverse families . Sperm donor : With just a little bit of help from her mum , she explains the facts . Easy conversation : Sophia hopes that it may allow other children from same-sex parent families to understand . The clip may give parents ideas about to how to address some of life 's most difficult topics . Parents can find it difficult at the best of times , but in the case of same sex couples , the topic can prove to be even more of a challenge . Yet , Sophia appears to take it all in her stride and despite a few giggles during the video and occasionally struggling to get her words out , she manages to deliver her innocent message . According to the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy , there are approximately 594,000 same-sex partner households . Around 27 per cent of those homes have children .