Relatives of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are refusing to accept that he was behind the marathon terrorist attack and want his defense lawyers fired . The convicted bomber 's aunt , Maret Tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told Time in an interview this week in Chechen capital , Grozny , that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S. . The bomber 's uncle , Said-Hussein Tsarnaev , told the magazine that ` American special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded . Scroll down for video . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's aunt , Maret Tsarnaeva , claimed in an interview this week that her nephew Dzhokhar -LRB- right -RRB- had been wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. conspiracy . Martin Richard , who was killed in the bombings , is seen -LRB- front circle -RRB- just meters away from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- back circle -RRB- on April 15 , 2013 . Seconds later , one of two bombs exploded , piercing his body with shrapnel . The family members could offer no evidence to back up their allegations . Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks . The relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev , urging him to fire his defense lawyers . However it appears that this request was now at odds with Tsarnaev 's mother , who ranted in the wake of his guilty conviction on April 8 that her mass-murderer son is ` the best of the best ' . The family is at war over whether to keep the defense team , including attorney Judy Clarke , who were attempting to prevent Tsarnaev being sentenced to the death penalty . Zubeidat Tsarnaeva ` would not listen to reason ' , the relatives told Time . The mother has continued to insist that Dzhokhar and his late brother Tamerlan were innocent , a position she has upheld since the brothers were pinpointed as the perpetrators of the atrocity two years ago . Zealot : Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's mother , Zubeidat -LRB- pictured left in April 2013 -RRB- sent a text message -LRB- right -RRB- of support in response to her surviving son 's guilty verdict saying America was the real terrorist . A sketch shows Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- second left -RRB- and his defense team as the guilty verdicts on all charges against him were read on April 8 . The jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty . In a text message to her son 's supporter , Timur Rudaev , Mrs Tsarneava called the convicted killer ` my precious boy ' before going on a rant against the US . ` America is the real terrorist and everyone knows that , ' she wrote in the text , which was later shared on the Russian social media site VKontakte and sent to the news site Vocativ . ` My boys are the best of the best , ' Mrs Tsarnaev added . She effusively thanked everyone who have been helping her family over the past two years and vowed to keep them in her thoughts . ` May God reward them for supporting my precious boy , ' the mother wrote . Rudaev , a resident of Grozny , Chechnya , uploaded Mrs Tsrarnaev 's text onto a VKontakte group called Help Dzhokhar Tsrarnaev , which he reportedly launched back in 2013 . Zubeidat Tsranaev 's statement was accompanied by Rudaev 's rambling rant about Dzhokhar 's guilty verdict in Boston . ` Today , foolish Americans completely shattered the life of a great guy ! ' Rudaev wrote in Russian . ` But no trial , no jury could trample our opinions , only the Almighty has power over us ! Only the Almighty knows the outcome of this trial ... we hope the merciful Allah will give Dzhokar a second chance ! ' Rudaev went on saying that he hopes that in the near future , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , will gather everyone at her home to celebrate Dzhokar 's release . ` Everyone will be ruffling his hair and telling him , `` Brother , you persevered , you put the Americans in their place ! ' '' Zubeidat Tsarnaev has been unwavering in her support for Tamerlan , 26 , who was killed in a gun battle with police after the bombings , and his younger brother , who was arrested after being cornered inside a boat in a Boston suburb . In the days after the attack , Zubeidat accused law enforcement in Boston of framing her sons and described the scene of carnage at the marathon finish line as a ` really big play ' with ` paint instead of blood . ' During a press conference held 10 days after the bombings , the mother was on the verge of hysteria proclaiming she did not accept that her children were responsible for the massacre . ` America took my kids away from me . I 'm sure my kids were not involved in anything , ' she raved . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared unmoved as the guilty verdict was announced in court last Wednesday . The same jury panel that found him guilty after 12 hours of deliberations will now have to decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or give him life in prison without the possibility of parole . The sentencing phase of the trial begins on April 21 . COUNT 1 : GUILTY . Conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , resulting in death -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 2 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 3 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 4 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 5 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 6 : GUILTY . Conspiracy to bomb a place of public use , resulting in death -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 7 : GUILTY . Bombing of a place of public use -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 8 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 9 : GUILTY . Bombing of a place of public use -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 10 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 11 : GUILTY . Conspiracy to maliciously destroy property , resulting in death . COUNT 12 : GUILTY . Malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 13 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 14 : GUILTY . Malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 15 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 16 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 17 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 18 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 19 : GUILTY . Carjacking , resulting in serious bodily injury ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 20 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 21 : GUILTY . Interference with commerce by threats and violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 22 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 23 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 3 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 24 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pressure Cooker Bomb # 3 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 25 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pipe Bomb # 1 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 26 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pipe Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 27 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pipe Bomb # 2 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 28 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pipe Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 29 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pipe Bomb # 3 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 30 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pipe Bomb # 3 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . Source : WBUR .