A photographer has turned typical British locations including parks , villages and beaches into their own , individual planets with mind-bending 360 - degree photographs . Anthony Barbour , 33 , from Liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool , Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset , Burley Village in the New Forest and North Wales , among others . Once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image . He said : ` I spin around three times until I 've captured as much of my surroundings as I can , from floor to sky . ` Finding the right location can come down to lots of elements , but for me it 's mostly opportunity . Usually an open space with an interesting landscape and not too much movement . ' He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together . Mr Barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness . He said : ` In the last few years my health has taken a down turn with a diagnosis of Ulcerative Pan Colitis , an unpleasant but manageable autoimmune disease . ` Keeping myself artistically occupied has been important . It 's given me a reason to teach myself more intricate editing techniques . ' Scroll down for video . Photographer Anthony Barbour takes his camera with him whenever he goes and spends hours taking these surreal pictures and carefully editing them together . -LRB- Pictured left Beach Hut World , Mudeford Beach , Dorset and right , Hale Light House , in Liverpool -RRB- . The Lion Ball - this picture taken outside St Georges Hall in Liverpool has been stitched together to create a tiny and compact ` planet ' Brass Band Stand in Sefton Park . Once he finds the right location Mr Barbour spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking 50 pictures . Ever Green , Sefton Park . Mr Barbour uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the pictures . Prehistoric stone circle , In Avebury , Wiltshire . Once Mr Barbour has 50 pictures he uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together . A waterfall in the village of Killin in Scotland . The fantastic images are each 360-degree shots which makes them look like individual planets . Burley Ball , the centre of Burley village . Mr Barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness . Liverpool One shopping centre . He spins around three times while taking the picures until he captured as much of his surroundings as he can . Durdle Door on the Jurassic Coast in Dorset . Mr Barbour said he likes to photograph interesting landscapes without much movement . Snowy Spring , Birdlip , Gloucestershire . The pictures are painstakingly stitched together in an intricate editing technique using Photoshop . St Georges Hall in Liverpool . Mr Barbour says keeping himself artistically occupied has been important for dealing with a recent illness . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video .