Jack Wilshere continued his return from injury to captain Arsenal Under 21s , but could not prevent a 1-0 defeat by Reading 's youngsters at the Emirates Stadium . Wilshere was joined by other injury plagued first team players including German forward Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby who managed to last 56minutes as his own return gathered pace . However , it was the Royals who claimed victory after former Arsenal defender Martin Keown 's son Niall scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes . Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in Arsenal U21 's 1-0 defeat by Reading . Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown 's son Niall celebrates after scoring the winner for the visitors . Another long-term Arsenal absentee Abou Diaby -LRB- left -RRB- continued his own return from injury . ARSENAL U21 : Macey , Bielik -LRB- Dobson -RRB- , Pleguezuelo , Ormonde-Ottewill , O'Connor , Diaby -LRB- Mavididi -RRB- , Wilshere -LRB- Kamara -RRB- , Maitland-Niles , Gnabri , Crowley , Iwobi . Subs : Iliev , Zelalem . Booked : Bielik . READING U21 : Lincoln , Long , Keown , Griffin , Shaughnessy -LRB- Rinomhota -RRB- , Owusu -LRB- Novaovich -RRB- , Kelly -LRB- Fridjonsson -RRB- , Kuhl , Sweeney , Cardwell , Fosu-Henry . Subs : Ward , Dickie . Scorer : Keown 8 ' This top-of-the-table Under 21s clash was supposed to showcase Arsenal 's next generation of talent but it was a name from the past who stole the plaudits . Keown rose highest to head home Liam Kelly 's corner past Gunners keeper Matt Macey after only eight minutes . The visitors were unfortunate not to double their lead through Tariqe Fosu only minutes later when his his curled effort skewed just wide . The Gunners pressed for an equaliser before the break with Gnabry slicing wide from 10yards out before Wilshere saw a decent strike saved by Reading keeper Daniel Lincoln . Wilshere became more and more influential when the game resumed after the interval - finding Alex Iwobi following a typical surge from midfield only for the forward 's shot to be well saved . Daniel Crowley also impressed as Arsenal tried to get off the markt , he almost set up Wilshere in the latter stages but the England international 's low strike could not find a way past the impressive Lincoln . England midfielder Wilshere presses during the first-half and managed to last 88minutes . German forward Serge Gnabry shoots at Reading 's Daniel Lincoln -LRB- left -RRB- during the first half . Arsenal 's new young signing Krystain Bielik receives the ball at the Emirates Stadium . Wilshere will be hoping to return to Arsenal 's first team for the season run-in and FA Cup semi-final . Wilshere is left on the floor as the hosts chase the game without success in the second half . Gnarby takes on Keown -LRB- left -RRB- - who scored the opening goal for the Royals after eight minutes . The Gunners will be buoyed after both Wilshere and Diaby -LRB- right -RRB- came through the game unscathed . Wilshere smiles with referee Steve Plane ahead of the coin toss at the beginning of the match .