Lounging on a deckchair by the pool , soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini , Rhiannon Langley is just like any other tourist on holiday in Thailand ... except she 's sporting two bruised eyes , swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose . The 24-year-old from Melbourne is recovering from Rhinoplasty , but rather than recuperating at home , she is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ` Bangkok Nose Job ' medical tourism package she is on . Rhiannon , a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 Instagram followers , told Daily Mail Australia that she has been enjoying her post-op holiday time , ` chilling out ' by the pool , getting mani pedis , and going shopping . Scroll down for video . Living it up post-op : Rhiannon Langley , the blogger sharing her ` nose job journey ' with her social media followers , is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel . Seeing results : The 24-year-old from Melbourne tells Daily Mail she ` already loves ' her new nose . The hairdresser turned model raised eyebrows this week for her decision to go public with her ` nose job journey ' in spectacular fashion , by sharing pictures and videos since her arrival in Thailand for the procedure on social media , which fans can follow along by using the hashtag #RhiannonGetsRhino . Miss Langley has been updating her Instagram feed daily , and sharing her progress in a series of Snapchat videos . ` I 'm feeling so much better now , just excited to see the outcome ! ' Langley said . ` I already love it . ' While many post-op patients retreat to their beds for weeks afterwards , Rhiannon has taken her recovering poolside . Poolside convalescing : Rhiannon says she has been ` chilling out by the pool ' , getting manicure and pedicures , shopping and eating out . ` I 've been chilling out by the pool , ' she said . ' -LSB- I -RSB- got a manicure and pedicure yesterday , today we are shopping , and just eating out . ' In videos uploaded to Snapchat , Rhiannon noted that she could already see a difference in the shape of her nose . Sporting a bloodshot eye and bruising , she said doctors had removed some of the stitches . ` I can finally see that my nose is in line for once and I do n't have this droop , ' she said . Langley spoke to Daily Mail Australia earlier this week just one day after her surgery , and revealed that the changes would be ` quite drastic ' . Follow the journey : The hairdresser has over 190,000 Instagram followers and decided to share the experience with fans and ` own ' her decision to have cosmetic surgery . Rhiannon said that she chose to go public as she was sick of seeing other well-known women hiding their nips and tucks from followers . ` I have quite a big following on social media and I do n't want to lie about it , ' she said . ` I think people are more accepting of the decision if you own it . ` I 've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it . ` I have been a bit scared about getting negative feedback , ' Rhiannon added , referring to the announcement she made the week before departing . Day one and two : Rhiannon has been posting progress selfies on social media . ` I 've always wanted this since I was a lot younger , and I decided why not , if it makes me happy and improves my self esteem then I 'm doing it ! ' she wrote at the time . ` Yes plastic surgery is a controversial thing to do but this is my life and it 's something I 've wanted to do for so long and especially before my wedding . ' ` They 've all been really positive and supportive though . Obviously you get a few weird comments , but it 's been a lot better than I expected . ' Before : The 24-year-old as she appeared pre-surgery in one of her Instagram posts . Miss Langley wanted to share her experience with her followers , having found no one in her friendship circle to turn to for guidance on what the surgery and recovery would be like . ` None of my friends have had nose jobs , so I was searching on the Internet and could n't find anything useful , ' she said . ` So I decided to post about my experience , post photos , share how I feel , how I look , and what I 've gone through . ' A little off here , and here : Rhiannon revealed to Daily Mail Australia that her makeover will not be a subtle one , with changes being made to the shape and length of her nose . Holiday with a side of hospital : Rhiannon 's $ 5,190 ` Bangkok Nose Job ' package included a stay in a Phuket beach hotel . Bedside view : Langley has been updating her followers with hospital snaps and post-op video messages . Rhiannon says her motivation to take her surgery overseas was financially motivated . ` The price difference -LSB- between Australia and Thailand -RSB- is huge , ' she told DMA . ` I 'm getting married in a year , so I could n't afford to have the surgery in Australia . ' Her trip to Thailand is a $ 5,190 ` Bangkok Nose Job ' package with CosMediTour . The Medical Tourism Agency has confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that while they have assisted the social media influencer with finding accommodation , Langley paid the full rate for her surgery package . The packages include four to five star accommodation and meals , as well as the full cost of hospitalisation and surgery . ` I 'm owning my decision ' : Rhiannon says that she decided to be honest rather than hiding it from her followers . Nuptials : Langley says her Thailand medical tourism package holiday was financially motivated , as she can not afford surgery in Australia with her upcoming wedding to fiancé Jody -LRB- pictured -RRB- to pay for . Dream : The hair dresser has wanted the nose correction since she was a teenager . ` Rhiannon had been considering Rhinoplasty for a long time and she approached CosMediTour after being referred from a friend who previously had surgery through CosMediTour . We are very happy to have her as a client , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia . ` Rhiannon has a loyal Instagram following and she wanted to Blog about her Rhinoplasty experience as it was something that she did n't want to hide . ` We use fully accredited hospitals with internationally trained and highly skilled Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeons and have CosMediTour personnel in all destinations . We create four and five star packages which include surgery , accommodation , transfers , meals and do n't charge any additional agency fee for our services . '