Brazilian supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio goes back to her roots in an edgy new campaign shot in her home country . The 34-year-old Victoria 's Secret Angel shows off her Latino style and golden tan as she poses in a new campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti , shot in São Paulo . Dafiti , Latin America 's largest online fashion retailer , has launched its own fashion collection , the Dafiti Collection , and signed Alessandra because they believe she embodies the style of the brand . Scroll down for video . Alessandra Ambrosio , who found fame as a Victoria 's Secret Angel , has been snapped up to front a campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti , which was shot in São Paulo . The mother-of-two , who is No. 8 on the Forbes list of top-earning models , stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion . The brunette model also teamed up with Marlon Teixeira , Laura Neiva , Bruna Tenório , Dani Braga and Ricardo Barbato to showcase the new collection . The Latin American online fashion retailer signed Alessandra because they believe she embodies the style of the brand . The toned and tanned model shows off her lithe limbs as she practices her kick boxing in the fashion shoot . The mother-of-two stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion . Speaking about the new range , a spokesperson said : ` With a fast-fashion perspective combined with a concept of smart fashion , Dafiti Collection has eight lines in a variety of styles , encompassing nearly 8,000 products , which range from clothing to footwear in the autumn/winter collection . ` We want to democratize the `` smart fashion '' concept , delivering quality , style and affordability to a demanding and informed public , who not only want to buy fashion in a convenient way but also stay up-to-date on the latest trends . ' The mother-of-two models the new A/W15 collection , which has eight lines in a variety of styles ranging from clothing to footwear . It 's been a busy few weeks for the model mother , who enjoyed a recent stint at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival last weekend . And her schedule looks set to get even busier . In March , Alessandra was spotted filming the sequel to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie . The leggy beauty will find her role a familiar one as she has been cast as herself , opposite Will Arnett , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Will starred in the 2014 reboot of the Ninja Turtles franchise along with Megan Fox , who will also be reprising her role of April O'Neil in the sequel . It 's been a busy few weeks for the model mother , who enjoyed a recent stint at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival last weekend .