Detectives probing the murders of a Playboy bunny and a 16-year-old schoolgirl 40 years ago have offered a £ 40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice . Eve Stratford , a 22-year-old glamour model who worked at London 's Playboy club , was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home on the evening of 18 March 1975 . Six months later , Lynne Weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in Hounslow at 11 pm on September 3 , as she returned from a night out with friends . She was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next morning and died a week later . Eve Stratford , 22 , a Playboy bunny , was stabbed between eight and 12 times when she was murdered on the evening of 18 March 1975 . Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims , who did not know each other . It appears the motive was sexual - Lynne had been raped , and it is likely Eve had also been raped although detectives have n't been able to rule out consensual sex . The reward was posted last night as detectives appealed for information , which could lead to the identification , arrest and prosecution of those responsible , on BBC 's Crimewatch show . Lynne 's mother , Margaret Weedon , described the murder 40 years ago as a ` true life sentence ' for the family . Lynne Weedon -LRB- right -RRB- was beaten over the head with a blunt object . Detectives believes Lynda Farrow -LRB- left -RRB- , who was knifed to death in 1979 , was also a victim of the same killer . She said : ` We have missed out on so much ; she missed out on life , no relationship or marriage , no career or children or even just travelling the world , all taken from her . ` We are left 40 years on always wondering what it would have been like . ` We are well aware that whoever murdered Lynne also murdered Eve Stratford . That young lady also had her life snubbed out . Her family have died now . Another true life sentence . ` The hurt eases but the pain still sits deep somewhere inside . There are so many questions . So many thoughts . So much heartache . ` I will make a mother 's plea for anyone who can tell us some information about the person who took my daughter and Eve Stratford 's lives to come forward . Please , please give us some sort of closure . ' Detective Chief Inspector Noel McHugh from Scotland Yard said he was hopeful the killer had let details slip over the years - maybe to a partner , a friend or even a cellmate or medical professional . He said it is likely the suspect for both murders is now in his 60s or 70s . The glamour model was 22 when she was killed in her home and police said her throat had been slashed between eight and 12 times . Police believe Lynne was followed on foot from Great Western Road into The Short Hedges -LRB- pictured right -RRB- , before she was hit with a blunt instrument - her body was thrown over the fence and she was left for dead . Mr McHugh said detectives are keeping an open mind but have previously said it is possible the killer knew his victims , particularly Eve who had a huge circle of friends and acquaintances . He added : ` It 's inconceivable the killer of Eve and Lynne has kept the perfect secret for 40 years . 18 March 1975 : Playboy bunny Eve Stratford found with her throat slashed at her home . 3 September 1975 : Lynne Weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway at 11 pm . 10 September 1975 : Schoolgirl died in hospital from her injuries . July 2006 : Murders linked in 2007 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims . March 2015 : Police launched fresh appeal on the 40th anniversary of their deaths . April 2015 : Detectives offer £ 40,000 reward for information about killings . ` It 's a heavy burden to carry and he must have let details slip over the years - maybe to a partner , a friend , even a cellmate - and I would appeal to anyone with information to contact us . ' Mr McHugh appealed in particular to mental health professionals and prison officers who may have received disclosures from a patient or prisoner . Former Met Police detective Colin Sutton believes a third woman , Lynda Farrow - who was knifed to death in her home four years later in 1979 - was also a victim of the same killer . Miss Stratford worked as a bunny girl at the Playboy Club in London 's Park Lane , which was the height of decadence when it opened in 1966 . She was 22 when she was killed in her home and police said her throat had been slashed between eight and 12 times . Detectives believe she may have known her killer and invited him into the flat she shared with her boyfriend Tony Priest , the lead singer with the pop band Onyx , who found her body . Miss Stratford -LRB- left -RRB- worked as a bunny girl at the Playboy Club in London 's Park Lane , which was the height of decadence when it opened in 1966 . This map shows the three unsolved murders all took place in close proximity - it is believed they are all linked . She was found dead in the bedroom of her flat at 5.30 pm with a nylon stocking tied around one ankle and a scarf binding her hands behind her back . An hour earlier a neighbour had heard a male and female voice talking , apparently calmly , in her flat . There was no sign of forced entry . A blood-splattered bouquet of flowers she had bought earlier that day lay next to her body . She was last seen walking alone near her home in Lyndhurst Drive , Leyton , shortly before 4 pm on a snowy day in March . Later that year Lynne was beaten over the head with a blunt object as she took a short-cut to her home in Hounslow . She was then thrown over a fence into the grounds of an electricity sub-station before being raped and left for dead . A school caretaker looking after the grounds found her still alive and she was taken to West Middlesex Hospital where she died a week later . The post-mortem examination found her skull was smashed with a heavy blunt instrument , but the weapon was never recovered . Anyone with information is asked to call the incident room on 020 8785 8099 or , to remain anonymous , call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 . Lynne was beaten over the head with a blunt object as she took a short-cut to her home in Hounslow , pictured an officer at the scene .