Injury-ravaged Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday , shrugging off a string of absences and their midweek Champions League defeat at Porto to close in on the Bundesliga title . Sebastian Rode scored in the 38th minute and Hoffenheim 's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time as Bayern , with youngsters Mitchell Weiser and Gianluca Gaudino in the lineup , opened a 13-point lead over second-placed VfL Wolfsburg , in action against Schalke 04 on Sunday , with five matches left . The German champions , who host Porto on Tuesday in the Champions League quarter-final second leg after Wednesday 's 3-1 loss , were without half a dozen starters , including Philipp Lahm , Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger . Thomas Muller celebrates after Hoffenheim 's Andreas Beck scored a stoppage time own goal . But goalkeeper Manuel Neuer was in top form , spectacularly denying Anthony Modeste at point blank range after a defensive blunder by Brazilian Dante . Rode then made the most of Bayern 's second chance of the game , curling his shot from the edge of the box past keeper Oliver Baumann . Rode was lucky not to be penalised for bringing down Eugen Polanski in the area a minute later but there was no denying the dominance of Bayern , who came close again when Robert Lewandowski scraped the bar at the start of the second-half . They did get a second goal when Thomas Mueller charged into the box and cut the ball back to the unfortunate Hoffenheim captain Beck who slipped the ball into his own net . Bayern 's Sebastian Rode -LRB- eft -RRB- scores the opening goal from close range against Hoffenheim on Saturday . Bayern Munich 's players surround Sebastian Rode after he opened the scoring for the Bundesliga leaders . Bayer Leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference after Borussia Moenchengladbach , also on 54 points , drew 0-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt on Friday . Borussia Dortmund eased past visiting Paderborn 3-0 , in their first game since the announcement that coach Juergen Klopp would leave at the end of the season , to keep their hopes of a Europa League place alive . Last season 's Bundesliga runners-up Dortmund climbed to 36 points , in eighth , three off sixth-placed Augsburg . Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola celebrates in front of the away bench as his side went 2-0 up .