Hardly a day passes without a spurious new survey which lists our supposedly favourite things . An example of this banality last week was one about what makes us most happy . Among the feel-good experiences were said to be fresh sheets and popping bubble wrap . Reading this idiotic list made me extremely depressed . You can not reduce life to a catchphrase or a ranking like a best-buy at Morrison 's . Experiences which bring us true pleasure are being with loved ones , enjoying warm weather , eating wonderful home-cooked food and just laughing uncontrollably . It 's not rocket science . Surely a far more useful exercise is to list every aspect of modern life that makes us unhappy . Here 's my list of pet hates -- which gets longer by the day : . In the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy , Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day ! TRENDY MEN WITH BUSHY BEARDS . Is there anything less attractive than a man 's chin covered by a thick mat of hair ? God forbid you get close enough to snog anyone sprouting a beard that makes them look like a Sixties folk singer or an extra from a remake of Moses . SECRET FACE-LIFTS . Every September , I encounter women whose faces look suspiciously taut , whose saggy chins have vanished and who have managed to eradicate the bags under their eyes . Although they put this good health down to a ` wonderfully restful holiday ' , the truth is they 've had a face-lift . NASTY LITTLE SACHETS . The bane of b & b s , cafes and hotels . What 's wrong with a pot of jam on the table ? WEATHER DOLLIES . Every night these simpering females appear on local TV news bulletins , posing pertly in front of a map of Britain in very high heels , and totally inappropriate cocktail frocks , waving perfectly manicured hands around . VOUCHERS PAST USE-BY DATES . As a dedicated bargain-hunter , it causes deep pain to discover at the till that my carefully-collected discount vouchers have expired . Janet is a self-confessed bargain hunter who hates it when she discovers her vouchers are out of date . ANYTHING CALLED ` AN EXPERIENCE ' Shopping has become a pastime , like making raffia mats or embroidery , and addicts dignify this mindless activity by talking about the ` experience ' . Everything is an ` experience ' these days , from a car wash to munching on a burger . SLUGS , SNAILS , MICE . Is there anything more soul-destroying than lovingly nurturing broad beans , peas and lettuces from seed , only to go away for the weekend and return to find they have been destroyed by these vile creatures . DIETING CELEBRITIES . Nothing makes me crosser than celebrities ' claims that any weight-loss is due to ` eating healthily ' . Nine times out of ten , they 've been paid a huge sum of money to plug a diet plan or a food supplement . CHEFS WHO THINK THEY 'RE PICASSO . Too many chefs fiddle with a decent meal and turn it into something that artist Tracey Emin would be proud of . For example , with chive and parmesan crisps carefully balanced like a propeller surrounded by drips of gravy . Yuk . PAY-BY-PHONE CAR PARKING . What 's wrong with cash ? This drives people crazy -- especially older people who find it a big hassle to try to use a phone to pay for 20 minutes in a car park so you can get your shopping in Boots . Janet remains baffled by pay-by-phone car parking , what 's wrong with cash ? QUEUE-JUMPERS AT AIRPORTS . After patiently waiting my turn , I could murder anyone who suddenly appears out of the blue and joins a ` friend ' in the queue in front on me . SUPERFOODS . Sold at a premium price because we are so desperate to extend our lives by a month , that we want to stuff ourselves with goji berries , quinoa , purple sprouting broccoli , pink tomatoes and hideous kale . Funny how mum and dad were so thin and fit , without a single goji berry . FAKE WORDS . For example , air stewards talk of ` de-planing ' -LRB- do n't they mean ` disembarking ' or ` getting off ' -RRB- ? Railway stations are described as ` calling points ' . I heard a radio reporter speak about Nigerians ` jubilating ' after the country 's recent election . Phoney words started when ordinary people started being called ` stake-holders ' . I blame New Labour . RE-SEALABLE BAGS OF RICE . Whoever invented the ` re-sealable ' bag for rice , nuts , pasta etc , I want to go around to their house and shout : ` It does n't work ! ' ` Re-sealable ' bag for rice , nuts , pasta just do n't make sense to Janet . JUICERS . The Devil 's gadgets . If God had meant us to live on green slime , he would have given us gills and no teeth . Part of the enjoyment of food is the textures and fibres . No one is going to reduce my breakfast to slurry in the name of an energy drink . MIRACLE FACE/EYE CREAM . The impossible dream -- turning back time with a pot of gunk . Only a giant pleat pulled together at the back of my neck will get rid of the sagging jowls on my jawline . The cheapest solution is to talk a lot , so the loose flesh keeps moving and it either tightens up or it 's not so obvious . PAYING BILLS ONLINE . Having to remember all the ruddy passwords to log on to your account takes longer than writing an old-fashioned cheque and sticking it in an envelope . SMALL TALK . I 'm useless at this , and am infuriated when check-out staff in the supermarket -LRB- ordered to do so by their boss -RRB- ask how I am . If wanted to talk to them , I 'd open the conversation . TRAD JAZZ . In my mind , this will for ever be ` dad ' jazz , not helped by the fact Tory grandee Ken Clarke is a huge fan . Modern jazz is fantastic , but I 'm afraid the late clarintettist Acker Bilk has a lot to answer for . Trad jazz goes with halitosis , corduroy trousers , a check shirt and a dodgy waistcoat . YORKSHIRE PUD FLOPS . I am a decent cook , but I 've never managed to make a Yorkshire pud that did n't resemble an old shoe sole . And do n't bother writing in with your tips , I 've tried them all . Limp and lifeless Yorkshire puddings are also something that Janet 's added to her list of annoyances . GETTING MY NAME WRONG . Do n't ever call me Janice ! In America , I 'm routinely called Miss Street or Mrs Porter . Sorry , I managed to marry a double-barrelled bloke , but that 's my name , so get over it . ORIGAMI HOTEL TOWELS . Is this a substitute for real cleaning -- folding the ends of toilet paper into points and sticking the clean towels on the bed , turned into origami swans ? CENTRAL HEATING CONTROLS . When the Devil wanted to create something that would result in regular domestic fury , he devised the control box for programming central heating . Holiday settings , off-peak settings and then copying each day 's setting to the next day ... I feel miserable just thinking about it . COUNTRY PUB LANDLORDS . As a walker , I know that the more remote the pub , the less likely it will serve anything edible after 2 pm . They think they can fob people off with a bag of crisps and a picked onion . Forget the ` hospitality industry ' , it 's more like the hostility industry . Traditional pubs often seem to have landlords who think they can fob you off with just a bag of crisps , according to Janet -LRB- stock image -RRB- . UNNECESSARY INSURANCE . I am bombarded with leaflets and emails offering special insurance for my gutters , my roof , the central heating , the drains , the pipework , the pet , and my holidays . How did we get through life before the advent of insurance ? I have cancelled nearly all the policies after my plumber told me one for the boiler costing me £ 200 a year was pointless . MEN AND SHOPPING LISTS . What is it about men and supermarkets ? Why do they have to go off-piste ? Instead of getting the essentials you 've carefully written down for them , they buy their own favourites : a nasty can of hot dogs , a huge pot of English mustard and a jumbo bag of crisps . STEPS AT STATIONS . Maybe it 's because I make a lot of journeys with a heavy wheelie bag stuffed full of left-overs from the fridge , my computer , some clean clothes and a book . But why do most railway stations have giant flights of steps between platforms and up from the car park ? READY-TO-EAT FRUIT . Another supermarket scam -- you pay way more for this stuff on the basis that it will be deliciously ripe , but they invariably turn to mush in 24 hours . BABY CHAT . Ok , I have n't had a baby , only four husbands -- but I do n't go around flashing photos of them at people . Why should I be interested in someone 's new baby , unless they are directly related to me ? Most babies look exactly the same anyway , just giant tadpoles in nappies . Janet ca n't stand it when people go around flashing pictures of their new-born children -LRB- stock image -RRB- . PUBLIC EATING . We 've become a nation of scoffers totally unembarrassed about gorging while we walk , dropping chips and spraying crumbs as we chat on our mobile phones . Ugh ! TRAIN ANNOUNCEMENTS . Every journey nowadays seems to be blighted by the guard -LRB- now called a ` train manager ' ! -RRB- making endless useless announcements about the next station , the cause of a delay or the availability of a full range of snacks -LRB- i.e. just crisps -RRB- in the buffet car -LRB- now re-named the ` on-board café ' . -RRB- . TOILET ROLL TROLLS . There 's nothing more annoying than someone who does n't replace a toilet roll . BAD IMPERSONATORS OF ME . About once a month , a member of the public comes up to me and announces that their teenage daughter does a really good impersonation of me and is thinking of a career on telly . Being confronted by an embarrassed 16-year-old with ginger hair attempting to mimic my accent is not remotely entertaining !