The country 's biggest food bank organisation yesterday claimed the number of people claiming free meal packages from its branches passed a million last year . The figures from the Trussell Trust were seized on by Labour and the TUC as ` shocking ' evidence that millions need emergency food because of low pay , the so-called bedroom tax , and stopped benefits . But Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith questioned the numbers , which he said were ` unverified ' , and insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work . The Trussel Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks such as this one in Glasgow . Another independent food bank organisation warned that such figures could be misleading because food banks are a new phenomenon and should not be used as a ` political football ' . The row comes amid growing controversy over the spread of food banks -- said by supporters to show that hunger is commonplace and need overwhelming , and by critics to show that when free food is handed out , people will always come forward to take it . Yesterday 's report from the Trust put the number of people who were given three days ' worth of food at one of its 445 branches in the past financial year at 1,084,604 . Its UK director Adrian Curtis said : ` Despite welcome signs of economic recovery , hunger continues to affect significant numbers of men , women and children . The latest figures highlight how vital it is that we all work to prevent and relieve hunger in the UK . ' The latest figures show a slowdown in the numbers visiting food banks , with a rise of under 100,000 in numbers recorded since 2013-14 , when there were 913,138 food bank visits . Iain Duncan Smith , pictured , dismissed the suggestion claims suggesting that the Trussell Trust 's figures are ` unverified ' This figure was almost three times the 2012-13 level of 346,992 . In 2009-10 the Trust recorded 40,898 food bank visits . The claims have been disputed because the Trussell Trust counts numbers of food bank visits in which people are given three-day food packages , and not numbers of individuals . This means an unknown number make repeat visits , and some analysts say the real total of people who went to food banks may be closer to half a million . Research carried out by the Trust , Oxfam , the Church of England and other charities last year also found that low pay is only a minor reason for people going to get aide from food banks . It found that more than four out of five users live on state benefits and only one out of 40 users questioned was working on a zero hours contract . A chorus of political leaders and charities lined up to criticise David Cameron over the figures . Labour 's work and pensions spokesman Rachel Reeves said : ` The shocking rise in the number of people relying on Trussell Trust food banks since 2010 shows the Tory plan is failing . ` David Cameron 's failure to tackle low pay , the bedroom tax and delays in benefit payments have led to over a million people depending on emergency food aid . ' TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said : ` This should make all of us ashamed , particularly those who claim everyone is sharing in the recovery . It tells us that the Government has done grave damage to the welfare safety net . ` Vicious sanctions and benefit cuts -- even for those who paid in all their working lives -- are destroying the support any of us might need if we lose our job or have an accident . ' Oxfam poverty chief Rachael Orr said : ` It is extremely worrying to see yet another rise in the number of people being forced to visit food banks in the UK . ' The picture of millions going hungry contrasts with the findings of the respected US-based Social Progress Index published earlier this month , which put Britain in first place out of 133 countries for its success in conquering hunger . Mr Duncan Smith said the Trust 's figures were ` unverified ' . He added : ` We are not going to take lectures from the party who presided over the deepest recession in living memory -- whose incompetent economic policies hit the poorest harder than anyone . ` The best way to help families provide for themselves is cut taxes and to get more people into work -- and we 've got a strong record there : two million more people in work since the last election . Frances O'Grady , Trade Union Congress general secretary , pictured , described the figure as ` shameful ' ` It is only by continuing with our term economic plan that will we ensure more people have a job and the economic security that comes with it . ' The Oxford Food Bank , which is independent of the Trussell Trust network , urged caution in the interpretation of food bank figures . The organisation , which distributes food to other charities which provide meals , rather than handing it out to individuals , said : ` We think that increasing use of food banks is an unreliable guide to underlying need because food banks are a new phenomenon -- whereas food poverty is not . ` As an organisation which draws its volunteers and donors from across the entire population of Oxford , we adopt a non-political stance . To do anything else would risk disenfranchising a section of that support . ` The issue of food banks and food poverty should not be used in a game of political football when the statistical evidence is so potentially misleading . We congratulate the Trussell Trust on the success of their operation but we also believe that successive governments have ignored the issue of waste in the food cycle . ` It is high time the OFB model of food bank -- which prevents food being wasted and combats food poverty -- is encouraged and replicated elsewhere . '