With James Rodriguez returning to the Real Madrid squad , Spanish publication Marca have splashed about how Carlo Ancelotti has his ` six nations ' available again . The former Monaco playmaker has been out of action since the beginning of February with a foot injury , but has been named in the Real starting XI for the visit of Granada on Sunday . And with that , Ancelotti has a fearsome front line of different nationalities ready to chase down Barcelona in the La Liga run-in . Real Madrid have their ` six nations ' available again : -LRB- back l-r -RRB- Toni Kroos -LRB- Germany -RRB- , Karim Benzema -LRB- France -RRB- , Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- Portugal -RRB- - -LRB- front -RRB- Gareth Bale -LRB- Wales -RRB- , James Rodriguez -LRB- Colombia -RRB- , Luka Modric -LRB- Croatia . Mundo Deportivo splash about Lionel Messi 's fitness while AS say it is ` operation 30 points ' for Carlo Ancelotti . Rodriguez -LRB- Colombia -RRB- , Toni Kroos -LRB- Germany -RRB- , Gareth Bale -LRB- Wales -RRB- , Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- Portugal -RRB- and Luka Modric -LRB- Croatia , who has also recently returned to full fitness , form the ` hard core ' of the Bernabeu side . Elsewhere in Spain , AS claim the rest of the season will be ` operation 30 points ' for Ancelotti , with the Italian coach insisting it is not impossible that they will win their remaining 10 games . Mundo Deportivo cover Lionel Messi 's foot injury , with the Argentine forward recovering from a foot problem to be part of the Barcelona squad to face Celta Vigo . Meanwhile in Italy , the city of Milan takes centre stage . Filipo Inzaghi 's AC Milan beat Palermo 2-1 to make it two wins in a row and maintain a slim hope of European football next season . But Roberto Mancini reportedly brought his Inter Milan squad into training at 8.30 am on Easter Sunday after they were held by crisis club Parma . Inter were booed off at the San Siro , and have n't won in Serie A since February . There were contrasting results in Serie A for AC Milan and Inter on Saturday , while Juventus won again .