The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks . ` Security detachments were able to ... detonate a car bomb left at the American consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them , ' ISIS said in a daily audio message posted online . But the US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa , near Kurdish regional capital Arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees . People gather at the site of a blast in Arbil 's Ankawa neighborhood , the capital of the autonomous Kurdish region of northern Iraq , on April 17 , 2015 . Kurdish security forces respond to the large explosion , which can be seen in the distance . Saman Barzanchi , the head of the Arbil health department , said Saturday that two ethnically Kurdish Turks were killed and eight people wounded . Officials had said Friday three people were killed . An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year , and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north . The relatively stable region has largely been spared the bombings and shootings that have plagued other parts of Iraq on an almost daily basis . The last major attack was a suicide car bombing near the governor 's compound in Arbil in November . Islamic State also claimed responsibility for two car bombings in Baghdad that killed at least 27 people on Friday . ` The fighters of the Islamic State detonated two car bombs in the heart of the Iraqi capital this evening and a third in Erbil , ' the group said via its news agency . Saman Barzanchi , the head of the Arbil health department , said Saturday that two ethnically Kurdish Turks were killed and eight people wounded . Officials had said Friday three people were killed , but that number was later changed to two . An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year , and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north . Last week , two bomb attacks claimed by Egyptian jihadists loyal to the Islamic State killed at least 14 people in the restive Sinai Peninsula , including 11 security personnel . Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , which has carried out a slew of attacks in Sinai since the army 's ouster of Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 , claimed responsibility . A roadside bomb attack on an army vehicle killed six soldiers and wounded two near the North Sinai town of Sheikh Zuweid , a jihadist stronghold . ` An armoured personnel carrier for the army of the apostates was destroyed ... killing and wounding all aboard , ' Ansar Beit al-Madqis said on a Twitter account attributed to it . The military said six soldiers were killed in the attack . ` Their vehicle was targeted by an explosive device placed by the extremist terrorist elements which left an officer , a sergeant , and four soldiers martyred , and two other soldiers wounded , ' it said on its Facebook page . Kurdish policemen stand guard at the site of a suicide bomb attack at the entrance of US consulate . Kurdish policemen inspect the site of a suicide bomb attack at the entrance of US consulate . A Kurdish policeman inspects a damaged car at the site of a suicide bomb . Hours later a suicide car bomb targeting a police station in North Sinai 's provincial capital of El-Arish killed eight people and wounded 45 others , health ministry spokesman Hossam Abdel Gaffar said . The interior ministry said in a separate statement that five policemen and a civilian were among those killed in the police station bombing , while several policemen were wounded . It said security forces fired at the vehicle before it was able to ram the police station . A police officer said the truck was loaded with explosives but covered with straw , and blew up close to the police station .