ISIS has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is ` no safety for any American on the globe ' and claiming the U.S. will burn in another 9/11-style attack . Titled ` We Will Burn America ' , the video calls on supporters to attack the U.S. on its own soil , while claiming its citizens ' sense of safety is a ` mirage ' . The 11 minute-long video also forms a showcase of some of the militants ' bloodiest atrocities - it features the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley , as well as several mass beheadings and the horrific burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh . The video , titled ` We Will Burn America ' , includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and several recent ISIS-inspired atrocities . The video 's subtitles claim America ` thinks it 's safe ' because of it 's geographical location . It goes on to state that for this reason , the U.S. believes it can invade ` the Muslim lands ' Previous jihadis managed to carry out the 9/11 attacks with ` less resources ' than what ISIS currently has , the video claimed . Pictured is Osama bin Laden in a still image taken from the group 's propaganda video . Subtitles added to the footage claim that previous ` mujahideen ' - a term used to describe someone waging jihad - managed to carry out the 9/11 Twin Tower attacks with little resources . In broken English , it goes on : ` By Allah 's willing , the fear will spread among them again soon . ` Here it is America now losing billions still to make sure their country is safe . But today , it 's time for payback . ` By the grace of Allah , today the mujahideen are much more stronger and they have more resources -LRB- than -RRB- before . Thus they are able to burn -LRB- the -RRB- United States again . ' As well as detailing some of the group 's acts of savagery , it also shows footage of the planes hitting the World Trade Centre in September 2001 . Others incidents to feature in the video include the killings carried out by Amedy Coulibaly , the French-born gunman who massacred four civilians and a police officer in Paris over two days in January . It was after he was killed in a shootout with police that a video surfaced of him pledging allegiance to ISIS , while sitting in front of the group 's now notorious black flag . Canadian Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 's murder of corporal Nathan Cirillo , at Ottawa 's Parliament Hill , is also included . As well as showing footage of ISIS militants in combat , the video shows news footage of the Twin Towers attacks . It also shows news footage which emerged in the wake of French gunman Amedy Coulibaly 's deadly rampage , in which he pledged alleigance to ISIS . Another incident which featured in the propaganda video was the October 2014 attack on Ottawa 's Parliament Hill . Authorities later said his attack was ISIS-inspired , although Zehaf-Bibeau was said to have mental health issues and a drug addiction . The video is not the first in which the group threatens the U.S. . In January , ISIS militants threatened to behead Barack Obama and turn the U.S. into a Muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate . The footage showed a black-clad jihadist standing over a Kurdish soldier who , in a sickening climax to the video , has his head cut off . Before the hostage was executed , the ISIS fighter warned the U.S. president : ` Know , oh Obama , that we will reach America . ` Know also that we will cut off your head in the White House and transform America into a Muslim province . ' The video 's subtitles threatened the U.S. with another 9/11-style attack and claimed its citizens were no longer safe anywhere ` on the globe ' . Pictured is a still image from the video . ` America thinks it 's safe because of the geographical location . ` Thus you see it invades the Muslim lands , and it thinks that the army of the Jihad wo n't reach in their lands . ` But the dream of the American to have safety became a mirage . Today there is no safety for any American on the globe . The mujahideen before although they had less resources , attacked New York and bombed the Twin Towers in September Eleven attacks . That blessed incursion was a fatal blow . All praise is due to Allah , the American economy was shaken . In such way Americans lived , and by Allah 's willing the fear will spread among them again soon . Here it 's America now losing billions still to make sure their country is safe . But today , it 's time for payback . By the grace of Allah , today the mujahideen are much more stronger and they have more rescources . Thus they are able to burn United States again . '