The mother of a recovering anorexic has taken the brave decision to reveal shocking photographs of her daughter 's frail five-stone frame to help others gripped by the devastating eating disorder overcome their illness . Consumed by an obsession with the ` perfect body ' , Emma Walker slipped into a dangerous cycle , her weight plummeting in a matter of months . Such was the severity of her eating disorder , that the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions . Today , Emma , whose decision to release the photos is supported by her mother Kim Waddington , said she wants to help other anorexia sufferers . By combating the compulsion to be skinny - and instead focusing on getting fit and building her muscle definition - she is now a healthier eight stone . Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the ` perfect body ' . Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone -LRB- left -RRB- as the eating disorder anorexia took hold . Today , weighing a healthier eight stone -LRB- right -RRB- the 15-year-old is sharing her story to help others . Emma 's mother Kim , left , said it was devastating watching her daughter face her ` horrific ' ordeal . ` I would n't want anyone to go through what I went through , ' Emma said . ` I went through hell . ` I 've realised I was miserable when I 'd lost weight . ` But I 've learned so much from what I 've been through and if my story can even help one person beat anorexia , I would be so happy . ` I 'm 10 times stronger than I 've ever been before . ' Ms Waddington described watching her daughter battle the eating disorder as a ` horrific ' ordeal . ` I felt so out of control and every day is a battle . I woke up thinking about it and would go to bed thinking about it , ' she said . ` It 's a monster that had taken over my daughter and we were fighting that monster every day . It was horrific watching my daughter go through it all . ' Emma , from Blaby , Leicestershire , first felt the urge to lose weight after seeing pictures of celebrities in magazines . Quickly , she said , it became an obsession . She said : ` Whoever was on the front cover , I wanted to be like them . ` I became very depressed about the way I looked because I was n't as skinny as them , I did n't want to look in the mirror anymore . ' Within weeks her weight had plummeted to eight stone , but she was compelled to shed more . ` I would go online about 100 times a day , obsessively trying to find new ways of losing weight , ' she said . ` I tried every diet I could find as I thought it would make me perfect . ` My body image changed but I still thought I was big ; I wanted to lose more weight . ' By the time she returned to school in September , Emma had dropped to a size four . She described herself as having ` an addiction ' to losing weight . ` By the time I went back to school in September , I was barely eating anything , ' she said . ` When I first started , people were complimenting me so it made me want to keep going , it was addictive . ' Emma , pictured left and right while battling anorexia , first felt the urge to lose weight after seeing pictures of celebrities in magazines and social media sites . Quickly , she said , it became an obsession . But after being admitted to hospital twice , and extensive counselling , the teenager said she is now on the road to recovery , gradually gaining weight again , left and right . However , during her first term back in school , Emma 's condition deteriorated as a result of no food and excessive exercise . ` I was exhausted , ' she said . ` I would get colds frequently , my immune system was weak and a thin layer of hair had grown all over my body in an attempt to keep me warm . ` Worst of all , my periods had stopped . Now , looking back , that 's one of the major warning signs - when you 're body is n't healthy enough to carry a baby . ' Finally , after resisting initially , Emma went with mother Kim Waddington , 46 , to see her GP during the October half term . He told Emma definitively that she was anorexic and sent her straight to hospital . However , the teenager said being told how sick she actually was did not change anything in her mind . ` Being told I was anorexic did n't really change anything within me , I was still in denial , ' she said . ` It felt like I was being forced to recover and that was n't the right environment for me . ` In the end , I was drinking water and hiding food in my dressing gown to make people think I was improving . They let me out of hospital but I still was n't gaining weight . ' Emma 's continued lack of progress started to cause arguments at home sparking ` hysterical ' rows with her mother . ` It got really bad , I was throwing things at her as she was making me eat , ' she said . ` She was distraught ; I know now she was doing it for my own good but at the time it felt like she was punishing me . ' By combating the compulsion to be skinny and rather focus on getting fit and building her muscle definition , Emma is now a healthier eight stone . Emma was admitted to hospital again in January - it proved to be the turning point . ` When I was admitted again , I was told my urea level was 15 when it is supposed to be 6 , meaning I was dangerously dehydrated , ' she said . ` My blood pressure was off the scale as well . It was then I realised that I could n't do this anymore , my family did n't deserve what I was putting them through . ` I started going to counselling and it changed my outlook on the whole thing , it made me want to get better rather than feeling like I was being forced . ` I stopped looking at thin people on Instagram and started looking at body-building pictures , it made me think I want to be strong , not skinny , and it has made me slowly improve . ' Now at a much healthier weight , Emma says she still has bad days but that she now wants to act as an inspiration to others . ` Everyone has bad days when they get up and do n't like the way they look , and I 'm no different , ' she said . ` But people need to know that if you want to get yourself out of anorexia enough , it can be done . ` If my story can stop someone feeling as low as I did , I will be really happy . ' Sufferers of eating disorders can find out more and access help via the charity beat .