A former Fortune 500 executive from New Hampshire will serve between nine and 20 years in prison for causing a highway crash that killed a Vermont couple and their unborn baby . Robert Dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy , 24 , who was 8 months pregnant , and her fiance , 29-year-old Jason Timmons . Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple 's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself . During the second day of the sentence hearing , he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash , which means he could be released in less than eight years . Robert Dellinger , 54 , is held by attorney Lucy Karl as his sentence is read on Thursday by the judge . He was sentenced to 20 years in prison . Dellinger 's wife , Deborah -LRB- pictured center -RRB- , hugs her son after the sentencing on Thursday . Judge Lawrence MacLeod Jr reads his decision on Dellinger 's sentence on Thursday . Dellinger was given credit for the 15 months he has previously served and could get out of prison in less than eight years . He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple , who were from Wilder , Vermont , and to assault for the death of the fetus . On Thursday , he was also sentenced to three-and-a-half to seven years in prison on the assault charge , all suspended , according to Valley News . His lawyer said that Dellinger might petition to have one of the consecutive sentences suspended . The family of Murphy and Timmons declined to comment following the sentencing . Prosecutors previously said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying the couple . Relatives of Murphy and Timmons tore into Dellinger on Wednesday during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing . ` I have been robbed and violated . I will never see or touch my child ever again , ' Timmons ' mother , Debbie Blanchard , said as she fought back tears . ` How could you be so heartless ? You still have a family ; you have taken mine from me ' , reports the Valley News of West Lebanon . Jason Timmons -LRB- left -RRB- , 29 , and Amanda Murphy -LRB- right -RRB- , 24 , were killed instantly in the crash on December 7 , 2013 . This is an ultrasound of the couple 's unborn baby who they were going to call Reagan Elizabeth . Dellinger appeared to be deeply remorseful during the hearing on Wednesday . ` You have my deepest , most heartfelt apology , condolences and remorse for your loss . I am so sorry , ' the 54-year-old Dellinger said through sobs . ` My guilt and remorse will be with me forever . I ask for your forgiveness , and I pray for your healing . ' Dellinger , of Sunapee , New Hampshire , was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at PPG Industries Inc. when he left in 2011 because of health problems . He also held high-level posts at Sprint Corp. , Delphi Corp. and General Electric Co. . Earlier he had told the court he has ` never been suicidal . ' Amanda Murphy 's mother , Tammy Langlois , and Murphy 's sister , Ashley Murphy , cry after speaking about the moment they learned of the accident that killed Murphy , her unborn child , and her fiancee , Jason Timmons , during Robert Dellinger 's sentencing on Wednesday . Defense attorney Lucy Karl comforts Robert Dellinger after testimony by the families of Amanda Murphy and Jason Timmons on Wednesday . The former Fortune 500 executive has admitted causing a highway crash that killed them and their unborn fetus . During the first day of the sentence hearing , Dellinger 's wife , Deborah , called him a man of ` ethics , integrity and friendship , ' the Valley News reported . ` We are devastated by the deaths of your loved ones , ' she said as her husband broke down at the defense table . ` We have been and continue to pray every day for your collective peace and comfort . ' Dellinger reportedly broke down in tears at the defense table as his wife was speaking to the relatives of Murphy and Timmons . Defense lawyers have said Dellinger was suffering from delirium due to a ` toxic regime ' of prescription medications for multiple sclerosis and depression . In asking for a shorter sentence , they also contend he was suffering from withdrawal of a sleeping aid . Robert Dellinger thanked his family and friends for their support in court on Wednesday . He told a judge that he was not suicidal at the time of the crash . Attorney Steven Gordon wrote in a sentencing brief they now know ` a medical event ' was the main cause ` of this accident . ' Dellinger has been jailed since his arrest in December . Investigators said Dellinger told them that on the day of the accident he ` had a disagreement with his wife and went to Vermont to drive around . He said he was very depressed and gloomy and wanted to have a car wreck and kill himself . ' On Wednesday , Dellinger told the court : ` I have never been suicidal . ' Assistant Attorney General Geoffrey Ward said in court that Dellinger 's truck reached 101 mph in the seconds before the crash and was going 87 mph one second before he hit the SUV . His truck sheared off the top of the SUV . The medical examiner 's report compared the injuries suffered by Murphy and Timmons to those of plane crash victims . Dellinger suffered cuts and bruises . This is a picture of the scene of the crash after Dellinger careened over the central median in December 2013 . According to the prosecution , the former executive had argued with his wife over his medications on the morning of the crash , WMUR reported . ` He was driving around , depressed and loopy , ' senior assistant attorney general for New Hampshire Susan Morrell said . ` He saw the median and decided to turn into it . ' Dellinger 's lawyer , R. Peter Decato , however called the state 's comments ` over the top ' and said Dellinger had led a ` productive and exemplary life . ' He took a severance package worth more than $ 1million in cash plus stocks when he left in 2011 because of health reasons , according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Records show that a Dellinger family trust owns four property in the town of Sunapee worth $ 3million in total .