Dina Amos-Larkin -LRB- above -RRB- , 21 , has been left paralysed from the neck down after falling 50ft from a hotel balcony in Salou , Spain . A British gymnast has been left paralysed from the neck down after falling 50ft from a hotel balcony . Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou , Spain when she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on April 3 . The 21-year-old law student , who represents Great Britain at trampolining , was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago . She told Simon Wright of the Sunday Mirror that authorities initially said the fall , from a fourth floor balcony at Hotel Jaime 1 , was a suicide bid . ` That is n't the case - I spent the day doing sport and went drinking in the evening , but was n't drunk , ' she said . ` The balcony rail was lower than my waist and I think I just leaned back too far . ' The student , from Poole , Dorset , claimed she is now stranded in hospital as she is waiting for her insurer AXA to review her case . A GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £ 20,000 to get Miss Amos-Larkin , who is also captain of the Angels cheerleading squad at Surrey University , home . More than £ 13,900 has already been donated . The page reads : ` Dina Larkin suffered horrendous injuries including paralysis when she fell from a balcony during a student festival in Barcelona . ` Dina is an international gymnast and aspiring law student . But most of all she is a daughter , a sister and a friend to many . ` Her recovery has been halted because the costs of getting her back to the UK amount to over £ 10,000 . And then there 's the adaptive care she will need when she is home . ' Her mother Audrey , 48 , and father Stephen , 49 , told the Sunday Mirror their ` hearts are broken ' . The street the hotel is on -LRB- above -RRB- has lots of high-rise apartments with white rails lining each balcony . A GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £ 20,000 to get Miss Amos-Larkin -LRB- above -RRB- , who is also captain of the Angels cheerleading squad at Surrey University , home . ` We just want her home , ' they added . Her last Tweet was a week before the incident , when she posted a photo of the cheerleading squad after the Team Surrey varsity and wrote : ` These kids know the score ! @Surreyangels brought it home . ' She added a picture of the sea on Instagram five days later and wrote : ` Enjoying that ocean spray . Let 's hope it can cure this hangover #TOUR #spain #sunshine #ocean #saloufest #coastline #teamsurreytour2015 . ' A spokesman for AXA said : ` We are looking into the circumstances and until those investigations have been completed , it would not be appropriate to comment further . ` We are speaking to Dina and assisting with her repatriation . '