Andy Murray and his Davis Cup colleagues have got their preferred venue by securing London 's Queen 's Club as the place where they will take on France in their quarter final . The venerable club in Baron 's Court will host Britain 's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19 , after agreement was reached between its management and the Lawn Tennis Association today . British Captain Leon Smith and his lead player had made it clear that they wanted to take on the strong French team on grass , as it would appear to give them fewer selection options from their rich resources . Andy Murray in action last year at the Queen 's Club , which will host the Davis Cup quarter final against France . Murray celebrates winning at Queen 's in 2013 - one of three triumphs he has had at the tournament . Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000 , as it is for the AEGON Championships , which takes place two weeks before Wimbledon . The All England Club 's overworked show courts , plus the redevelopment work being done there , meant that SW19 was never an option only five days after the Championships finish . The fixture means a bumper helping of six weeks ' top level grass court tennis in the UK this summer , a far cry from 20 years ago when some believed the sport 's one organic surface might even disappear . This time there will be three weeks between Roland Garros and Wimbledon , so by the time GB take on France for a place in the World Group semi-finals all the players will be perfectly attuned to the grass . The court at Queen 's is at least the equal of Wimbledon in terms of quality , and the atmosphere will be very different from the usually staid one that accompanies the principle warm-up event for the big fortnight . Thanks to Murray , GB and France look well-matched and it could well depend on who wins the doubles rubber on the Saturday . France has seven players in the world 's singles top 50 , although some have been affected by injuries this season . However , they will be encouraged by the recent comeback of Jo Wilfried Tsonga , who is their best grass court exponent and looking in decent form after overcoming arm problems . He has done well at Queen 's before but his record is not as impressive as that of Murray , who has won the pre-Wimbledon title three times . Murray said : ` Queen 's will be a perfect venue for our quarter-final match against France . I 've been playing at Queen 's for ten years now so I feel very at home there as do the rest of the British team , so it 's a great choice . Fingers crossed it 's a memorable summer for British tennis . ' Jo Wilfried Tsonga is back to form after overcoming an arm problem and will be a big threat for the French .