Koby Hodder , suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground when he was 10 . A 10-year-old boy nearly died after suffering a cardiac arrest in the school playground . Koby Hodder 's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break . He was playing British Bulldog -- a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ` bulldogs ' , who often employ forceful tactics to trap runners , including rugby tackling opponents to the ground . Teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned , claiming it is dangerous and leads to children becoming injured . In the middle of playing the game , Koby suffered a cardiac arrest . This is where the electrical activity of the heart becomes so chaotic that it stops pumping and quivers or ` fibrillates ' instead . His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness . The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba , a former Bolton Wanderers player who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton 's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham in 2012 . Mr Muamba was ` effectively dead ' for 78 minutes and had to be shocked 15 times before his heart restarted . Teachers at Koby 's school in Doncaster , were able to give Koby CPR until paramedics arrived and saved his life . His father , Mark , 45 , got a call from the school at around 11 am on March 2 , and was told to get to the school immediately . He said : ` I was working around the corner so I was able to get straight over there and when I saw Koby on the ground I knew he was dead . ` Teachers were giving him CPR but I could see he was grey and lifeless . I could n't even go to him . I was devastated . ' Luckily he was brought back to life when paramedics Lee Murphy and Martin Parkinson and emergency care assistant Freddie Stevens arrived , and were able to save him by giving Koby two shocks with a defibrillator . A cardiac arrest happens when the heart stops pumping blood around your body . The most common cause of a cardiac arrest is a life threatening abnormal heart rhythm called ventricular fibrillation -LRB- VF -RRB- . Ventricular fibrillation happens when the electrical activity of your heart becomes so chaotic that the heart stops pumping and quivers or ` fibrillates ' instead . Someone who is having a cardiac arrest will suddenly lose consciousness and will stop breathing or stop breathing normally . Unless immediately treated by CPR this always leads to death within minutes . It is possible to survive and recover from a cardiac arrest , with the right treatment . Ventrivular fibrillation - which causes an arrest - can sometimes be corrected by giving an electric shock through the chest wall , by using a device called a defibrillator . Source : British Heart Foundation . Koby , who turned 11 two weeks ago , was rushed to Doncaster Royal Infirmary , where he seemed to be making a recovery . Just as he seemed to be improving , he suffered another attack , and was transferred to Leeds General Infirmary Paediatric Intensive Care Unit . Mr Hodder , a builder and father-of-three , said : ` We were beside ourselves with worry . ` Koby is super-fit , he plays football three times a week and goes boxing two times a week . ` How could this happen in someone so young ? ' Koby 's mother , Joanne Hodder , 43 , added : ` Can you imagine what we were going through ? ` We did n't even have a clue what had happened to Koby . ` We did n't think for a moment that he could have had a heart problem . ` I had dropped him off to school that morning and he was his happy little self . ` We had no warning . Koby is a bit of a joker so when he collapsed even his friends thought he was messing around , until they noticed he was n't breathing . ' While Koby was in hospital doctors fitted him with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator -LRB- ICD -RRB- to shock his heart back into rhythm should it ever stop again . Muamba , 26 , was fitted with the same implant after his high profile collapse three years ago . Mr Hodder said : ` At the moment we do n't know what has caused Koby to have a heart problem . It is baffling . ' Koby , who is now 11 , suffered a series of cardiac arrests , where the heart suddenly stops pumping blood around the body , and was treated in intensive care . Koby had a device fitted to his heart which will shock it back into beating if it ever stops again . He is pictured in hospital with boxer Josh Warrington . Mr and Mrs Hodder are due to have tests to see if Koby 's heart condition is hereditary . His brother and sister , Joel , 27 , and Courteney , 20 , may also have to be tested . Mrs Hodder , said : ` I can not thank each and every person who played a part in saving Koby 's life and helped with his recovery , enough . ` Teachers , paramedics and hospital staff have all been amazing . ` As a parent it is your worst nightmare to receive a phone call like I did from school , when you sent your healthy 10-year-old child there fit and well that morning . ` Doctors have said that the fact that Koby was running around at the time of the attack may have helped him - because it meant his heart was pumping . ' Koby knows he is lucky to be alive , but his dream of being a professional footballer has been taken from him . Koby had played with both Leeds United and Doncaster Rovers youth teams and dreamed of playing for his beloved Leeds United when he got older . Mr Hodder said : ` Doctors have said he can play with friends as long as he does n't exert himself too much . ` They 've said that if he can exercise and talk at the same time then that 's okay , but playing professionally is out of the question . Koby suffered from the same heart condition as Fabrice Muamba , a Bolton Wanderers football player who collapsed after a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton 's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham . ` Maybe Koby would not have been a professional footballer but he is gutted , understandably . ' Mrs Hodder said : ` When Koby feels down we tell him that he is very lucky to be here and that makes him feel better . ` But he is still recovering and sometimes he feels scared , but he is still getting used to his defibrillator . It 's a big thing he has had to deal with . ` For his birthday he did n't want a sleepover as we had originally planned , instead we went for a day out to York . ` Koby has come a long way and even returned to school this month . ` He 's had a fantastic recovery so far , which is all down to the fast response from the school staff and the paramedics . ` He 's doing better than we could have ever imagined . I am so grateful we still have our little boy with us . ' For more information visit the Cardiac Risk in the Young charity website .