England wing Christian Wade has been slammed by Wasps team-mate Andy Goode after he failed to show up to a charity function on Tuesday night . Goode accused the 23-year-old of having ` bad values ' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the Matt Hampson Foundation -- set up by and named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop -- because he was ` too tired ' . Danny Cipriani , Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the ` Beers with the Boys ' night in Birmingham , where guests were also treated to a Haka performance by Leicester team-mates Manu Tuilagi and Logovi'i Mulipola . The Matt Hampson foundation 's event was on Wednesday , named after the former England U21 prop -LRB- left -RRB- . Andy Goode tweeted : ` Bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @Hambofoundation then saying he 's too tired , poor culture & no trust ' A host of rugby stars attended the event for former England U21 prop Hampson but Christian Wade did not . Wade , 23 , did not attend and clearly infuriated veteran Goode , who will join London Irish in the summer . Sportsmail understands that Wade pulled out because of an injury rehabilitation session the following morning but , despite the event 's success , Goode did not hold back with his public criticism . The 35-year-old No 10 , capped 17 times by England , tweeted : ` Bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @Hambofoundation then saying he 's too tired , poor culture & no trust . ' Wade did not reply to the message that split opinion among supporters and Wasps refused to comment . Wade , who missed out on the RBS 6 Nations , is recovering from a hamstring injury and was sidelined for the recent Champions Cup quarter-final defeat by Toulon . Wasps ' European exit highlighted the financial gulf between English and French clubs , with Ireland legend Brian O'Driscoll claiming that Roman Abramovich-style investment is needed to boost domestic sides . With French outfits such as Toulon becoming a honeypot for billionaire financiers , the gulf is bigger than ever . Hampson tweeted as his charity aims to inspire and support young people seriously injured through sport . Former England fly half Goode slammed his Wasps team-mate Wade -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Twitter afterwards . However , with Saracens taking on Clermont Auvergne in Saint-Etienne tomorrow , the BT Sport pundit stressed the importance of the salary cap for smaller clubs . ` When you talk about French dominance , the teams are coming from France but the players are n't , ' said O'Driscoll . ` It 's a money issue -- players are not just moving to France for a tan . The English utopia is that each club gets a Roman Abramovich , who makes it their little pet . ` But certain English clubs are being squeezed and the cap is there to save them . ' Watch Clermont Auvergne v Saracens live on BT Sport 1 tomorrow from 2.30 pm .