Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger . After speaking to President Barack Obama on the phone , he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on Thursday : ` A deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel . He added : ` Such a deal would not block Iran 's path to the bomb . It would pave it . ' Scroll down for video . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger . One of Netanyahu 's scathing comments was shared on his Twitter page during his speech . The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions . They will also be subjected to inspections . If they are found to be in violation of the terms , the sanctions will be put back in place . The deal does mean however that Iran 's nuclear program will be able to operate for the next 10 years , even though it is ceasing its enrichment activities at Fordow - an underground facility discovered by the Americans . It prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by Western powers until a better deal is reached . He said : ` This deal would legitimize Iran 's nuclear program , bolster Iran 's economy , increase Iran 's aggression & terror throughout the ME -LSB- Middle East -RSB- & beyond . ` Such a deal would not block Iran 's path to the bomb . It would pave it . ` Such a deal would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war . ` The alternative is standing firm and increasing the pressure on Iran until a better deal is achieved . In response , The White House said in a statement , seen by NBC , that ` progress on the nuclear issue in no way diminishes our concerns with respect to Iran 's sponsorship of terrorism and threats towards Israel , ' adding that ` the United States remains steadfast in our commitment to the security of Israel . ' The deal made in Lausanne , Switzerland was announced by Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and the European Union 's head of foreign policy Federica Mogherini . They said negotiators had reached an agreement with Tehran over its nuclear program and talks would move into the next phase . After speaking to President Barack Obama -LRB- pictured Thursday during the announcement of the agreement -RRB- on the phone , he said in a statement : ` A deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel . Obama -LRB- pictured making a speech on the economy in Louisville , Kentucky ' added that if Iran follows through then one of the greatest threats to American security will be resolved . Speaking in the Rose Garden on Thursday , Obama said : ` If we can get this done , and Iran follows through on the framework that our negotiators agreed to , we will be able to resolve one of the greatest threats to our security , and to do so peacefully . But , he added : ` If Iran cheats , the world will know it . ' And ` If there is backsliding ' and Iran does n't meet certain specifications ` there will be no deal . ' As Zarif and Mogherini were preparing to give a joint statement in Lausanne , Switzerland , this afternoon Iranian President Hassan Rhouianni tweeted : ` Solutions on key parameters of Iran case reached . Drafting to start immediately , to finish by June 30th . ' Zarif insisted that the program is ` exclusively peaceful ' and will remain that way as the framework takes shape . From left Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond speaks to US Secretary of State John Kerry as European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarifat take their positions before making a statement on the Iranian deal . U.S Secretary of State John Kerry admitted there was still progress to be made when the deal was signed . He said : ` We have no illusions about the fact that we have a ways to travel . We still have many technical details that have to be addressed . ' British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond also said there was much more work to be done , but highlighted the success of the talks . He said : ` This is well beyond what many of us thought possible even 18 months ago and a good basis for what I believe could be a very good deal . ' German Chancellor Angela Merkel added : ` We are closer than ever to an agreement that makes it impossible for Iran to possess nuclear weapons . That is a great credit to all negotiating partners . ' The White House had repeatedly said that in order for it to enter into a commitment with Tehran it must promise to ` shut down every pathway they have to a nuclear weapon ' and ` comply with intrusive inspections that would ensure that they 're living up to the agreement . ' The date for work on that accord to be completed is June 30 . The preliminary agreement announced in Switzerland on Thursday is spelled out in a four-page document -LRB- below -RRB- released by the White House and the State Department . Here 's some of what Iran is agreeing to do : . In return , the West will : . Obama insisted that : ` If Iran cheats , the world will know it ' . He added if Tehran did n't meet certain conditions there would be no deal .