A young yoga student is among nearly 40 Britons who are currently missing in Nepal in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake which has killed 4,000 people . Susannah Ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain . While many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well , there are still several dozen British travellers who have not been heard from since the disaster on Saturday morning . Missing : Susannah Ross , pictured , is among the dozens of Britons currently in Nepal who have not been heard of since Saturday 's earthquake . Couple : Chloe Pincho and Brennan White , pictured , were climbing Mount Everest when the earthquake hit two days ago . A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the quake , while others were staying in the capital Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas . Miss Ross 's family said today that they had been unable to contact the backpacker since the disaster struck and were increasingly concerned about her . She had recently set off on a three-week trek and warned relatives at home in Bath they might not hear from her during that time , but they now hope she will call to let them know she is safe . Her mother Judy said : ` We are just waiting around really . We do n't know what is going on . Before the trek she said , `` Do n't expect to hear from me necessarily until I get back . '' We are doing what we can . ' The 20-year-old worked as a waitress to save money for her trip to Asia , where she worked at a farm in Nepal before going trekking . She was due to continue to India for a yoga course in June . Among the other Britons who have not been in contact with home since the 7.8 magnitude earthquake are a middle-aged married couple . Barbara and Ian Nightingale , who are from Nottingham and in their 60s , were believed to be trekking in Nepal at the time of the quake . Appeal : Tom Southgate , left , and Samuel Beckett , right , have not been heard of since the disaster . Search : Matt Carapiet , left , and Jack Kilpatrick , right , are currently the subject of online appeals from their desperate families . Fears are growing over Julius Olatokunbo , 53 , from Forest Hill in south-east London , after a climber wrote online that he had been ` taken with an avalanche ' and separated from his group . Relatives of Samuel Beckett , 23 , who was in Kathmandu at the time of the quake , say they are concerned because they have not heard from him in a week . Speaking from his home in Leicester , his father Martin said : ` We have not heard anything . He is still listed as missing . We just keep watching the news and keep looking through the social media sites . ' A couple from Carshalton in Surrey , Chloe Pincho and Brennan White , were trekking up Mount Everest at the time of the disaster and their whereabouts is now unknown . The parents of Matt Carapiet , 23 , from Kent made an online appeal for him to contact them after he went missing in the wake of the crisis . Abroad : Martin Gattuso , left , lives in Nepal where he is a Buddhist monk ; Jake Whyles , right , was visiting the mountainous country . 41-year-old Scottish woman Seobhan McGuigan and Jack Young , 21 , from Lincolnshire are two more Britons to be on the list of the missing . 59-year-old Janet Brownlie and Jack Kilpatrick , 24 , from Teddington in Middlesex , are also out of contact . Judith Ridgewell , who is in her 40s and from Cornwall , has gone missing on her travels , and Jake Whyles , 24 , from Lincolnshire is also out of contact . Gary Williams , 52 , from Plymouth was last heard from on Friday night , when he sent an email to his relatives while trekking in Nepal . Norah Arscott , 77 , from Somerset ; Philip Green , 30 , from London ; and Shaun Bailey , 27 , from Stoke-on-Trent are all reported as missing . 24-year-old Naomi Everett , from Cheshire , is also on the Red Cross list of the missing , along with Lloyd Davies , 22 , from Beckenham . Rescue : The scene at Everest base camp after the earthquake killed a number of climbers on the world 's tallest mountain . Carnage : A building in Bhaktapur , near Kathmandu , which was almost completely destroyed by the natural disaster . Another missing teenager is Annette Burd , 18 , from Leicestershire , while relatives of Tom Southgate , 23 , are anxiously waiting to hear from him in Nottingham and Heather Stretton , 47 , from Lincolnshire is also missing . Richard Jones , 33 , from Worcestershire went missing while trekking in Annapurna ; Victoria Barkas , 34 , and Ian Norquay , from Sussex have also been in the area . Also missing are two Britons who have moved to South Asia - Simon Charlesworth , 49 , and Buddhist monk Martin Gattuso , 38 , originally from Norfolk . Around 10 British-born expats living in Australia are currently being sought . A number of other British travellers were initially reported missing but were able to contact their families within a day or two . These included Sebastian Lovera , 22 , who was hiking to Mount Everest at the time of the earthquake but has now returned to Kathmandu to help victims of the disaster . Teenager Michael Walker , a gap-year student from Exeter who had been trekking in the region , was found safe and well today after his parents and former teachers issued an appeal . Abdulla Dahab , 21 , from London was also located for the first time today , allaying the fears of his family who had not heard from him as he set off on a mountain climb at the time the earthquake hit .