Egypt 's oldest pyramid was built almost 5,000 years ago but a similar structure hidden beneath rubble could be up to four times older . If true , the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation . Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . Scroll down for video . A geologist claims that the world 's oldest pyramid is hidden under rubble -LRB- pictured -RRB- in West Java , which if true , could re-write pre-history in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation . The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia . It is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft -LRB- 885 metres -RRB- above sea level some 75 miles -LRB- 120 km -RRB- south of Jakarta . Chunks of volcanic rubble jut out up from the stepped hillside , which is considered sacred by the Sundanese people who live locally . Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes the site is culturally important is because it is an ancient pyramid which was built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . He suggests that it may have been built for worship or astronomy . The megalithic site of Gunung Padang -LRB- pictured -RRB- was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia . It 's nestled among volcanoes banana and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft -LRB- 885 metres -RRB- above sea level . Chunks of volcanic rubble stick up from the stepped hillside -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which is considered sacred by the Sundanese people who live locally . Geologist Dr Danny Hilman thinks the reason the site is so revered is that it is an ancient pyramid which was built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . If the structure in West Java is revealed to be a 20,000-year-old pyramid , it will be the oldest on Earth . In 1996 , archaeologists discovered pyramids on the Atlantic coast of southern Brazil that sate to around 3,000 BC , making them a few hundred years older than Egypt 's oldest pyramid . But both civilisations built them for religious reasons . The Brazilian pyramids are made from shells and were probably built in phases over decades or even centuries , The Independent reported . For years , experts thought the pyramids were simply piles of domestic rubbish . Egypt 's oldest known pyramid is the step pyramid of Djoser , which was built in around 2,700 BC . It was built by a master builder called Imhotep for the burial of Pharaoh Djoser and is composed of six steps . the ancient structure was rocked by a pyramid in 1992 , leaving it unstable with a large hole in its domed roof , but restoration is underway . If this is true , prehistoric people would have had to manoeuvre chunks of volcanic rock onto terraces built on the mountainside and stack them on top of each other to create a pyramid -- a considerable feat of ancient engineering . Dr Hilman , a senior geologist at Indonesia 's Centre for Geotechnical Research , says that proof of the structure 's organisation lies underground . His excavations have been backed by the Indonesian government , which recently decreed that the upper part of Gunung Padang is ` the largest megalithic structure in south-east Asia , ' The Sydney Morning Herald reported . President Yudhoyono dubbed the dig a ` task of history ... of important value to humanity . ' and it has yielded some ancient artefacts . Dr Hilman said : ` People think the prehistoric age was primitive , but this monument proves that wrong . ' He believes such a pyramid would be proof of an advanced ancient civilisation in Java and said that the majority of the stepped site is man-made , perhaps built by generations over a matter of centuries . The geologist is now working to establish the authenticity of the site . Some rocks were originally stuck together with a form of ancient glue and have been carbon dated to be around 7,000 BC . Dr Hilman said that the ruins hide walls and rooms with steps and terraces below , which are evidence of a complex building . Dr Hilman said : ` People think the prehistoric age was primitive , but this monument proves that wrong . ' Some rocks were originally stuck together with a form of ancient glue and have been carbon dated to be around 7,000 BC . The site is thought to have been built for worship or astronomy . The site -LRB- marked on the map -RRB- is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft -LRB- 885 metres -RRB- above sea level some 75 miles -LRB- 120 km -RRB- south of Jakarta , and south east of Sukabumi City -LRB- marked -RRB- . The terraces are bordered by retaining walls of stone that can be accessed by 400 steps rising around 311 ft -LRB- 95 metres -RRB- . The structure is covered with massive rectangular stones of volcanic origin . It has been subjected to multiple geoelectric surveys , where ground penetrating radar and samples have been used . From this , he believes the terraced hill is 328 ft -LRB- 100 metres -RRB- thick and is made up of a number of layers . He said that so far man-made structures have been detected 49 ft -LRB- 15 metres -RRB- underground . Experts dated rock between nine and 13 ft -LRB- three and four metres -RRB- below the surface as 6,500 years old and 12,500 years old below the surface . However , Dr Hilman 's controversial findings are disputed and 34 Indonesian archaeologists and geologists have submitted a petition criticising the projects ' methods and motives . They say that the excavation threatens the preservation of the site as it is and are annoyed at the prospect of involving civilian archaeologists in the excavation . Volcanologist Sutikno Bronto believes that the structure is n't a pyramid at all , but the neck of an old volcano and that the stones surveyed have been weathered by nature instead of being cut by humans . Another anonymous expert is sceptical that such an ancient civilisation could have been advanced enough to build a pyramid so many thousands of years ago , when tools recovered from a nearby cave , dating to 7,000 BC were very primitive . The terraces are bordered by retaining walls of stone -LRB- pictured -RRB- that can be accessed by 400 steps rising around 311 ft -LRB- 95 metres -RRB- . They date to at least 5,000 BC .