Revealed : Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring , the owner of the stripy Kensington property , may be worth up to £ 60million and has fallen out with her family over inheritance . The woman accused of painting red and white stripes on her £ 15million Kensington townhouse in a bitter planning row is a war hero 's daughter worth as much as £ 60million who has fallen out with her family over inheritance . Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring has been accused by critics in her west London neighbourhood of ordering the dramatic overnight paint job ` to get her own back ' when they objected to her plans to demolish the property and rebuild it with a two-storey ` iceberg ' basement . Residents in the otherwise immaculate cobbled cul-de-sac in Kensington , one of the city 's wealthiest areas , said the colourful redesign was driving them ` mad ' and likened Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring , believed to be in her early 70s , to ` a child throwing a tantrum ' . Today MailOnline can reveal Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring has also fallen out with the family of her late husband Robert , who have accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death in 2007 . Robert Lisle , her stepson , said her behaviour does not surprise him , having last had contact with her in 2012 when they continued to row over the inheritance he believes is due to him and the wider family . He said : ` She has made commitments and reneged on them . She 's an extremely unpleasant character ' . His wife Sally claims Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring 's life revolves around money , which has left her estranged from much of her family . She said : ` She 's fallen out with the family . It 's sad , she is missing out on them growing up and getting married . But she 's not involved because of her decisions . ` Her husband promised money and property to his children and grandchildren but after he died it never materialised . They were promises my husband 's father made , but she has never kept one . ` She 's so rude , in fact she is the rudest person I 've ever met . ` Money is not our god - but money is her god . We do n't need it to be happy , we are already , but it is for her . She 's got nothing else in her life , no friends , just her and her money ' . Ms Lisle-Mainwaring 's original name is understood to be Patricia Royde , who later changed her name to Zipporah - the name of Moses ' wife - because of ` vanity ' , her family claim . She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot , Flying Officer George Reicher Royde , who was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to Britain from a European raid when the pilot was injured , saving the rest of the crew on board . But in 1943 he was shot down over Belgium while heading to bomb German factories and buried in the Schoonselhof Cemetery . In May 2013 Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring helped unveiled a memorial at the crash site to remember her father 's life and the others lost . Neighbours of a £ 15million townhouse in South End , Kensington - one of the most exclusive areas of London - have branded the property an ` eyesore ' after it was painted with red and white stripes following objections to knock it down and replace it with a five-storey mansion . Memorial : In May 2013 Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring , second from right , helped unveil a memorial at the crash site to remember her father 's life and the others lost when his RAF plane was shot down in 1943 . Residents surrounding her stripy Kensington townhouse told MailOnline they are ` horrendously unhappy ' with the new exterior of the three-storey terraced home in South End , Kensington , and likened it to a ` beachside hut ' . Planning documents show Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring wanted to replace the property with a five-storey ` traditional mews-style ' home , including a two-story basement complete with gym , media room and swimming pool with a double-height ceiling . The new property could be worth £ 25million . Hero : Her father Flying Officer George Reicher Royde , was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to Britain from a European raid when the pilot was injured , saving the rest of the crew on board . The plans were initially turned down by Kensington and Chelsea Council but approved on appeal . However , a neighbour then lodged a legal challenge which means the case will go to the High Court in June where a final decision will be made . Residents now believe that Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring , a property developer , ordered the garish paint job - which took place under the cover of darkness - as an act of revenge for the legal challenge . While Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring 's solicitors refused to comment yesterday on the motives behind the dramatic paint job , there is little doubt that it has rubbed the objecting neighbours up the wrong way . Saskia Moyle , 18 , who lives opposite the house with her father , said the new colourful exterior had not gone down well with local residents , with the majority complaining that it lowers the classy tone of the quiet cobbled street . She told MailOnline : ` The neighbours are all horrendously unhappy with it . Everyone 's complained . We all hate it . It 's a bit of an eyesore . ` The woman who owns it put in a planning application to go down two floors but it was rejected and now we think she 's trying to do this so the council is forced to demolish it ' . Colin Burchett , a chauffeur who works from the neighbouring road , said the property had been receiving lots of attention from tourists , who now regularly visit the quaint street to take photos . He said : ` In terms of the paint job , I just think it 's really bizarre . I 'd like to know how they have got away with it . ` Surely it 's a listed building or there must be restrictions . All of the windows on the street are exactly the same and when another property in the road wanted some work done there was a notice up for ages . I ca n't see how they 've got away with it . ' The owner of the £ 15million Kensington townhouse was once involved in a high-profile legal challenge over another property dispute . Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring , along with her husband Robert - who died in 2007 , four years into the marriage - , was the owner of Yeoman 's Row Management Limited which became embroiled in a legal battle with property developer Mr Cobbe . The dispute began in 2002 when Mr Cobbe verbally agreed to buy and redevelop a block of 13 flats in Knightsbridge owned by Yeoman 's . At his own expense , it was decided that he would apply for planning permission for the development to turn the flats into six terraced houses . Residents said they are ` horrendously unhappy ' with the new exterior of the three-storey terraced home in South End , Kensington , which suddenly appeared after legal challenges thwarted a planning application to give the home a double basement to include a swimming pool . The house -LRB- pictured centre before the paint job which occurred in the last couple of weeks -RRB- was bought by Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring several years ago and turned from office space into storage space . She now wants to turn it into a residential property measuring five-storeys . Ms Lisle-Mainwaring has submitted several planning applications but ultimately wishes to demolish the current property and rebuild it to take it from three-storeys to five-storeys with a double basement below ground . It will include four bedrooms , a gym , pool and media room . The company would then sell Mr Cobbe the property for £ 12million upon the planning application being successful , and when the work was completed , he would have to give Yeoman 's 50 per cent of the profits if the sale was in excess of £ 24million . If the planning application was not successful , Mr Cobbe would receive no payment . The contract was purely verbal and there was no written formal agreement or the instruction of lawyers . Mr Cobbe spent about £ 200,000 obtaining planning permission between 2002 and 2004 and , on the day after the consent was granted , Yeoman 's told him the agreement no longer stood . The firm claimed the agreement had lapsed as the consent had not been obtained within a set period of time and refused to sell him the land . Mr Cobbe started legal proceedings , claiming the company had breached the verbal contract , and the case went to the High Court . He said he should be paid for the work he carried out to obtain planning permission and also claimed a right to the land since its value had increased considerably thanks to the planning consent . The Court of Appeal ruled to award Mr Cobbe a sum in excess of £ 5million but the House of Lords overturned the decision , claiming Mr Cobbe was not entitled to ` property estoppel ' because he did not have a formal contract . However , the Lords ruled that Mr Cobbe was entitled to a sum for ` unjust enrichment ' and he was awarded around £ 200,000 to cover the cost of obtaining planning permission and a fee for his services . During the case , the Chancery Division and the Court of Appeal criticised Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring 's conduct as ` unconscionable ' and ` unpleasant ' . Afterwards , solicitors Clarke Wilmott said the fact Mr Cobbe had only been paid for his time and expenses meant Ms Lisle-Mainwaring was ` laughing all the way to the bank ' . The Knightsbridge development , which is currently under construction , was described in objection letters by residents as something which would cause ` irreparable damage ' to the ` quality of life and sense of community ' on the street while ` solely benefiting the commercial developers ' . Yeoman 's Row Management Limited is no longer active and it is understood Ms Lisle-Mainwaring now splits her time between the UK and Switzerland , with properties registered in London and Geneva . Mrs Lisle-Mainwaring was unavailable for comment today but her solicitor said her Kensington home was not bought for £ 15million and would not be worth £ 25million if the two years of proposed work is completed . He also denied claims by neighbours the stripes were painted during the night , backed up by the man who painted them . The tradesman , who did not want to be named , told MailOnline : ` It 's not true it was painted during the night . I did it in five hours during the day around six weeks ago . I was n't told why I had to do it , but I read in the newspapers it was to do with the neighbours ' .