Alastair Campbell famously said the Blair government ` did n't do God ' . But David Cameron and wife Samantha have made a colourful visit to a Sikh temple as part of a general election tour . The Prime Minister , wearing a traditional orange patka , and Mrs Cameron , in a blue headscarf , chatted and posed for selfies at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent earlier today . Scroll down for video . The Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent today in traditional Sikh dress . Mrs Cameron chatted with a young boy and his mother at the temple . The visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election . They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech . It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK . His speeches are designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go before voting . But as he was about to arrive at the temple today a senior priest apparently objected to prayers being interrupted . There were some heated scenes before the address was moved to a side room . The Tory leader told the audience the Vaisakhi festival , which is one of the most important events in the Sikh calendar , was a ` big , bold ' sign of their devotion . He said : ` I wanted to make sure Downing Street was part of this too and I 'm proud to be the first Prime Minister to host a Vaisakhi reception at Number 10 . Sporting a patka headscarf and with wife Samantha in a traditional dupatta on her 44th birthday . The couple joined a colourful parade which carried the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron offered a speech . Happy to be here : Mrs Cameron donned a blue and green head scarf and dress for the occasion while her husband sported a traditional orange patka . The Prime Minister clutched his ankles while sitting on the floor with worshippers at the temple this afternoon . In a rousing speech the Prime Minister told the crowd he ` believed in aspiration ' and that the ` only ' limit to one 's potential is their own talent . Mr Cameron poses with a young boy as onlookers capture his visit to temple in Kent on their smartphones . It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK - The Festival of Life in London . The couple -LRB- circled -RRB- make their way through a huge crowd during the Vaisakhi festival . The Tory leader , pictured praying , told the audience the festival , which is one of the most important events in the Sikh calendar , was a ` big , bold ' sign of their devotion . Mrs Cameron also got involved dressed in a beautiful green , gold and blue outfit and taking her shoes off inside the temple . ` And I 'll tell you what - if I 'm back there as Prime Minister , I 'll keep bringing the community , the colour and the celebrations there , again and again . ` I 'm sure my children will carry on stealing the jalebi -LSB- sweets -RSB- too ! ' It was Mr Cameron 's first visit to Kent during the general election campaign . He wrote on Twitter after the outing : ` Wishing a happy Vaisakhi to everyone celebrating . Thank you to the Guru Nanak Darbar Gurdwara for their warm welcome . ' Mr Cameron -LRB- left -RRB- wrote on Twitter after the outing : ` Wishing a happy Vaisakhi to everyone celebrating . Thank you to the Guru Nanak Darbar Gurdwara for their warm welcome ' Cameron -LRB- second left -RRB- poses for a selfie with two worshippers as Mrs Cameron -LRB- left -RRB- looks on . Women including Mrs Cameron -LRB- centre -RRB- and children sit on the floor alongside parliamentary candidate Priti Patel -LRB- second left -RRB- during the outing . He also delivered a campaign speech during the Festival of Life in London yesterday . He told the 45,000-strong audience : ` It is an honour to be here and I 'm proud of this festival which started as a camp just off the Lagos expressway and set the world alight . ` I believe in aspiration . I believe the only limit to someone 's potential is their own ambition and talent . ` I look out to this crowd and I see someone who will take my role and become Prime Minister for this great country . ` I hope you can hold off for a while just yet . ' He added on Twitter later that night : ` It was an honour to address the Festival of Life - now a great British tradition - at midnight last night . ' CLAIM : Jesse Norman and the chocolate cake he allegedly gave out while campaigning for re-election . Police are investigating a Tory MP over claims he attempted to bribe voters with chocolate cake . Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an Asda supermarket in his Hereford constituency . West Mercia Police last night said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983 , which bans Election candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes . The probe follows would-be Ukip MP Kim Rose , who is standing in Southampton Itchen , being grilled by police for giving out sausage rolls at a party event earlier this year . Detectives are expected to speak to Mr Norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on April 2 . He described the allegations as ` nonsense ' , saying : ` We had a couple of small boxes of chocolate muffins ... we may have given out one or two to children , who are not even voters . ' COUNTRY LIFE : A ` beater ' at work and below , a bottle of Sipsmith Dry Gin . The Prime Minister indulged his love of country sports by taking part in a secret country shoot near his Oxfordshire constituency home . And he celebrated with a nip of a specially prepared ` Chipping Norton ' cocktail . But witnesses say that David Cameron did not himself use a gun -- despite his reputation as a skilled marksman . Instead , he acted as a ` beater ' to flush out the game . The event took place on New Year 's Eve but until now has been kept a closely guarded secret . It took place near Chipping Norton , the Oxfordshire town which has given its name to the ` Chipping Norton set ' of high-profile local residents from the world of politics , media and showbusiness such as Mr Cameron and Jeremy Clarkson . Last night , the man who served Mr Cameron the cocktail said other people on what he described as a ` country walk ' had no idea there would be a VIP guest . Jared Brown , master distiller at the West London ` artisanal ' gin company Sipsmith , said : ` No one but the landowner knew the Prime Minister would be joining us . ' He fought shy of describing the event as a shoot , but added : ` I can say with utter certainty that Mr Cameron did not handle a gun . ' Mr Brown confirmed , though , that the PM did sample the cocktail , based on Sipsmith London Dry Gin . Last night , the drink , also containing manuka honey , raspberry tea and extract of echinacea , was being dubbed the ` Chipping Norton cocktail ' .