Luis Suarez is quickly establishing himself in Barcelona folklore after impressing since his £ 75million move from Liverpool and the striker has revealed that years prior , he found himself sneaking into the Nou Camp . Speaking to Spanish radio station COPE , the forward spoke candidly about Real Madrid 's interest in signing him and opened up about the infamous bite on Giorgio Chiellini during the World Cup . Suarez revealed that during a visit to his future club , he sneaked into the Nou Camp with his wife Sofia for a photo opportunity . Luis Suarez -LRB- 9 -RRB- has revealed that he once sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photograph . He said : ` It was not the first time that I came to Barcelona , it was the second . I went past the official store and saw it , but I did not go in because I did n't have money to buy anything . ` I was already going with Sofía and I remember that I saw an open door and I told her : ` Let 's go ' . ` You 're crazy ' . ` Come , just one photo ' . ` No , no ' . ` Yes , yes , yes . I 'm going to go in ' . I went in through the door that was open , she followed me and we started to run . ` We stood on the stairs and took a photo with all of the stadium behind us . I still have n't found the photo . Then we ran , and we were nervous . It was the only time that I had entered . My father-in-law managed to enter another time to see Argentina-Catalunya , on December 27 . ' The Uruguayan lit up the ` El Clasico ' last month , where he scored the winner to send his side top of La Liga but he could have been playing for the opposition , if he 'd not decided to move to Catalonia . The Uruguayan has been in fine form for Barcelona following his move and is becoming a fan 's favourite . The forward admitted that Real Madrid were ` very ' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca . Talk of a move to the Spanish capital had been rife during his years at Liverpool but Suarez revealed that there was only one club which caught his eye . He said : ` Madrid were very interested in me , but my dream was always Barcelona . When I heard the name of Barca , I did not hesitate at any moment . ' Arguably Suarez 's most famous , yet controversial moment , when he bit Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil and being banned for four-months . ` The bite on Chiellini was the worst moment of my career , ' he said . ` I let myself down , my country , my wife and my children . The bites were partly my fault and partly -LSB- due to -RSB- the provocation of Ivanovic and Chiellini . Now they continue provoking me , but now I go or speak well . I am more intelligent . ' Suarez admits that the bite was the worst moment of his career as he received a four-month playing ban . The attackers bite Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during the 2014 World Cup group game last July .