Former couple : Ann Malsbury -LRB- right -RRB- battered Lee Judson -LRB- left -RRB- with a saucepan and hair straighteners . An ex-girlfriend has avoided jail despite trying to strangle her former partner with an iPod cable . Ann Malsbury , 22 , of Coventry , West Midlands , also battered Lee Judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage . The chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship , Warwick Crown Court was told . But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something , Malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him . After he struggled free Malsbury then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade . Malsbury was arrested at the property in Coventry last November and charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury . On Friday she was cleared of that charge after her plea of guilty to an alternative offence of affray was accepted by the prosecution . Malsbury was given a community order with 18 months of supervision and was ordered to take part in a women 's emotional wellbeing course . Sentencing , Judge Sylvia de Bertodano told a tearful Malsbury : ` You were obviously in a state of considerable distress and made threats towards him using , among other things , a knife . No jail : Malsbury -LRB- above -RRB- was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury - but was cleared of this after her plea of guilty to an alternative offence of affray was accepted . ` You fortunately did not injure him in any way , and I take that as a sign that you did not really intend to cause him any real injury . You stopped this of your own accord and called the police . ' Graeme Simpson , prosecuting , told the court Malsbury had been suffering from depression and was upset about the couple 's relationship coming to an end when she launched the attack . Attack : Malsbury -LRB- pictured -RRB- jabbed at her ex-partner four times - penetrating his clothing but not his skin . He said : ` The defendant came in after him and had a wire lead which she flung over his neck from behind and tried to strangle him , but he managed to pull it away . ` When he bent down to pick something up the defendant jumped on his back and put the iPod lead round his neck again , but he managed to get her off . ' The court heard as Mr Judson left the room she kicked him and then rushed downstairs ahead of him and into the kitchen where she armed herself with a big carving knife . She came out of the kitchen and stood in front of him , jabbing towards his arm and saying : ` Do you want to live ? ' Malsbury jabbed at her ex-partner four times - penetrating his clothing but not his skin - before getting a saucepan with which she tried to hit him over the head . She then picked up her hair straighteners and hit him with those before stopping and ` clearly very distressed ' called the police herself . Mr Simpson added : ` She had been suffering from depression and was very distressed about the relationship coming to an end . The call to the police could be considered a cry for help . ' William Douglas-Jones , defending , said Malsbury had initially been in custody for around three months before being granted bail . He added : ` This is a desperately sad case . It involves a vulnerable young woman who has spent the equivalent of almost six months in prison . She faced the loss of her partner , who was her support . But no harm was caused other than some reddening to the neck . '