A leader of the now outlawed Muslim Brotherhood has had his death sentence confirmed by a Cairo court this weekend . Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people , including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life . The defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling Cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 . Scroll down for video . Upheld : Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie , pictured at a trial earlier this year , has had his death sentence confirmed by a Cairo judge . Judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata , known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the Muslim Brotherhood , also sentenced two Islamists who have fled the country to death . Among those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamed Soltan , an American-Egyptian man who has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months . Soltan 's family called for Mohamed 's immediate release in a statement after the verdict , charging that there was no evidence against him . His father Salah Soltan was among the 14 detainees sentenced to death . The U.S. embassy in Cairo said in a statement that it was ` gravely concerned ' about Mohamed Soltan and would ` continue to monitor his case closely and to provide him with all possible support . ' Sentenced : Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie -LRB- front -RRB- and his fellow defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 . Ruling : Egyptian Judge Mohammed Nagi Shehata reads the verdicts in a cases in Cairo , on Saturday . The rulings can be appealed before the Court of Cassation , which has overturned dozens of other death sentences , including against Badie . So far Egypt has executed one Islamist sentenced to death after Morsi 's overthrow , following his conviction of involvement in the murder of a youth during violent protests in July 2013 . Judge Shehata read out a Koranic verse that stipulates amputation and crucifixion for outlaws , before rendering his verdict on Saturday . At a previous session , he had sought the opinion of the country 's mufti , the Islamic legal authority who has an advisory role under Egyptian law , on the death sentences . Known as the ` Rabaa Operations Room ' case , the prosecution accused the defendants of organising months of unrest and protests against the ouster of Morsi , a senior Brotherhood figure himself now on trial . The Rabaa al-Adawiya protest camp in Cairo was dispersed by police on August 14 , 2013 in a 12-hour operation that left hundreds of protesters and about 10 policemen dead . Supporters of Egypt 's ousted president Mohamed Morsi stand their ground as Egyptian security forces move in to disperse them by force from the Rabaa al-Adawiya protest camp in Cairo in August 2013 . Mohamed Soltan was shot in the arm during the dispersal , and he was arrested days later as police hunted down Islamist activists who had fled the protest camp . Police moved in to disperse the camp after weeks of failed European and US-brokered negotiations with the Brotherhood , who publicly insisted on Morsi 's return . The Islamist was the country 's first freely elected president and he ruled only for a year before the army toppled him , spurred by massive protests demanding his resignation . President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , the former army chief who toppled Morsi and then won an election , has pledged to eradicate the Brotherhood . The government has blacklisted the movement as a terrorist organisation amid a spike in militant attacks that have killed dozens of policemen and soldiers . The deadliest attacks have been claimed by jihadists in the Sinai Peninsula and in Cairo , and the Brotherhood insists it is committed to non-violence . But decapitated and driven underground , the Islamist movement is believed to have radicalised with members adopting militant tactics against policemen .