Manchester United have confirmed their plans to revisit the USA on pre-season this summer after agreeing to Louis van Gaal 's desire to head to America rather than Asia . United 's shirt sponsors Chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the Far East as the American car giant seeks to expand its business in that part of the world and were enthusiastic about that trip taking place this summer . However , after months of discussions between the United board and manager Van Gaal the club will once again head across the Atlantic for a four-game tour signed off by the manager . Manchester United 's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Louis van Gaal 's ex-club Barca . The pre-season plans have been organised to Van Gaal 's liking after he was unhappy last year in USA . The Premier League giants will face Club America , San Jose Earthquakes , Barcelona and PSG . United will play once again in the International Champions ' Cup , the tournament they won in America last summer . This time , though , with Van Gaal 's influence over all matters of club business growing ever stronger , the club will squeeze four games in to 12 days before heading back to England on July 30 in order to recover in time for the start of the Barclays Premier League season on August 8 . July 17 - vs Club America . CenturyLink Field , Seattle - 72,000 capacity . July 21 - vs San Jose Earthquakes . TBC . July 25 - vs Barcelona . Levi 's Stadium , California - 68,500 capacity . July 29 - vs Paris Saint-Germain . Soldier Field , Chicago - 61,500 capacity . Van Gaal was furious last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do as they zig-zagged around America , playing games in Pasadena , Denver , Washington , Detroit and Miami . This time , United will be based largely on the west coast , playing games against Club America in Seattle , San Jose Earthquakes , at a venue to be announced and Barcelona near San Francisco before facing PSG in Chicago on the way home . As revealed earlier this month in Sportsmail , the tournament organisers have essentially organised this summer 's tournament around United 's needs . For example , there will be no final this year in order to avoid last summer 's rather delicate situation that saw an irritated Van Gaal having to take his team to Miami for four days for a game he really had no desire to play . It is understood that United will use Seattle as their base before their first game this summer . Next summer 's tour , meanwhile , will almost certainly be to Asia , a continent United have n't visited since David Moyes ' pre-season of 2013 . Ander Herrera , David De Gea and Juan Mata -LRB- left to right -RRB- hold the trophy after beating Liverpool in Miami . The squad reached the final of the 2014 International Champions Cup , but had travelled about 13,500 miles . July 24 - Manchester United 7-0 LA Galaxy -LRB- Pasadena -RRB- . Attendance : 86,432 . July 26 - Manchester United 3-2 Roma -LRB- Denver -RRB- . Attendance : 54 , 117 . July 30 - Manchester United 0-0 Inter Milan -LRB- Washington -RRB- . Attendance : 61,238 . August 2 - Manchester United 3-1 Real Madrid -LRB- Michigan -RRB- . Attendance : 109,318 . August 5 - Manchester United 3-1 Liverpool -LRB- Miami -RRB- . Attendance : 51,014 . Total distance covered between July 24 and August 5 : about 13,500 mile .