She might be celebrating her 75th birthday today , but an overjoyed Queen Margrethe of Denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace . The Danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , Crown Prince Frederik , 46 , his wife Crown Princess Mary , 43 , and their four children . Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other European royal dynasties , among them Sweden 's and Norway 's . Scroll down for video . Royal wave : Queen Margrethe is flanked by her sons Frederik and Joachim as she waves to the crowds . Celebrating : Denmark 's Crown Prince Frederik , his wife Mary and their nine-year-old son Prince Christian on the balcony . Family affair : Frederik and Mary were joined by their four children , including twins Vincent and Josephine . Pay attention ! Four-year-old Vincent appeared more interested in scaling the balcony rails . What 's going on ? Prince Christian grimaces at something in the crowd during his grandmother 's birthday celebrations . Also on the balcony was Margrethe 's second son , Joachim , 45 , his French wife Princess Marie , his children from his first marriage , Nikolai , 15 , and Felix , 12 , and his youngest two , Henrik , five , Athena , three . One royal who could n't be present on the balcony or for the lunch at the Københavns Rådhus -LSB- City Hall -RSB- that followed was Margrethe 's 80-year-old husband Prince Henrik who , according to palace officials , is suffering from flu . The French-born royal also missed the carriage procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Rådhus and was replaced for the day by his son Frederik . Despite being without Prince Henrik , the appearance proved a cheerful affair - largely thanks to the antics of four-year-old Prince Vincent , who did his best to scale the railings of the balcony . Held back by his father , the youngster smiled mischievously and was quickly copied by his twin sister Josephine - much to their mother Princess Mary 's amusement . Girls together : Prince Joachim holds his three-year-old daughter Athena , while Crown Princess Mary clutches four-year-old Josephine . Overjoyed : Queen Margrethe , who was without her husband Prince Henrik , appeared overcome . Saying thank you : Margrethe , who was resplendent in a turquoise ensemble , waved to the crowds . Saying hello : The Danish royals toured Copenhagen following the balcony appearance . Enjoying the day : Denmark 's Princess Marie , Crown Princess Mary and Queen Margrethe wave to the crowds outside the Amalienborg Palace . Enjoying the ride : Margrethe and Mary sat opposite each other during the procession along Strøget . Pomp : The royals were followed down main shopping street Strøget by a detachment of guards . Birthday wishes : Queen Margrethe enjoyed an official luncheon at the Københavns Rådhus at the end of the procession along Strøget . Joining in : Swedish royals , including Crown Princess Victoria , also appeared on the balcony . Showing their support : Sweden 's 65-year-old King Carl XVI Gustaf and his Brazilian-born wife , Queen Silvia . Support : Norway 's Crown Prince Haakon , Crown Princess Mette-Marit and King Harald on the balcony . Enjoying the moment : Deposed King Constantine II of Greece , his wife Queen Anne-Marie and Princess Benedickte of Denmark on the balcony . Australian-born Mary , who was elegant in a navy ensemble topped with a grey cocktail hat , certainly appeared to be enjoying the moment , smiling broadly as she stood with her four children . Frederik , meanwhile , was content to wave to the crowd and at one point leaned down to whisper in the ear of his older son , nine-year-old Prince Christian . The moment came on the second day of Margrethe 's birthday celebrations which began last night with a gala dinner at the Christiansborg Palace and continued with a procession this morning . Among the guests to join the Danish contingent for the event were crowned heads from the Netherlands , Belgium , Spain and Luxembourg as well as those from Sweden and Norway . Spain 's King Felipe and Queen Letizia , the youngest reigning royals in Europe , led the way in , followed by the equally glamorous King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands . Norway 's King Harald , who joined the Danish royals on the balcony today , was accompanied by his wife Queen Sonia , and his son Crown Prince Haakon and daughter-in-law Mette Marit . Sweden 's 65-year-old King Carl XIV Gustaf also brought his heir , in his case Crown Princess Victoria , 38 , and her former personal trainer husband , Prince Daniel . Other royals to attend included the elegant Queen Mathilde of the Belgians who shimmered in a stunning purple gown at last night 's event and smiled broadly as she made her way inside on the arm of husband King Philippe . Watch out for the wind ! Norway 's Crown Princess Mette-Marit , 41 , and Sweden 's Crown Princess Victoria , 37 , attended the event . Future queen : Crown Princess Victoria chats to her husband and former personal trainer Prince Daniel , 41 , during the celebration . Outpouring : Thousands gathered outside the Amalienborg Palace and along Strøget . Overjoyed faces : Flag-waving crowds snapped pics outside the Amalienborg Palace . Crowd control : Thousands of revellers patiently awaited for the royals to come out on the balcony . Denmark 's official royal magazine , Billed Bladet , celebrates Margrethe 's 75th birthday by featuring the queen on the cover . Joyful : The crowds were particularly delighted when Queen Margrethe appeared on the balcony . Wake up : Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary prepare to wake Queen Margrethe . Friendly : Crown Princess Mary with Queen Maxima -LRB- left -RRB- and Crown Prince Frederik with nephew Nikolai . Windy : The chilly Danish weather appeared to be taking its toll on Crown Princess Mary 's hair . Getting better : Queen Mathilde , who recently injured her knee , showed off a black knee-brace . All smiles : The Belgian royals and Grand Duc Henri of Luxembourg also took part in the wake-up . Excited : Prince Joachim 's youngest son Henrik , five , -LRB- in blue coat -RRB- looked thrilled to be taking part . Delighted : Queen Margrethe looked pleased with her wake-up and smiled broadly at her family . Hello there ! She then leaned down to wave at the gathering below . The former ruler of Greece , King Constantine II , 74 , also attended , as did his wife Queen Anne-Marie who was ravishing in her emeralds . Politicians were also among the guests last night , with Denmark 's glamorous prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt giving the royals a run for their money in a shimmering cream tulle gown . Iceland , a colony of Denmark for more than 600 years , was also represented , with President Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson attending with his Israeli wife , Dorrit Moussaieff . Several speeches were made during the dinner , including a tribute from Crown Prince Frederik which the 46-year-old made in three different languages . The Danish heir was also among the party that arrived at the Amalienborg Palace early this morning to help Queen Margrethe get her birthday off to a wonderful start . Joined by the Netherlands ' Maxima and Willem-Alexander as well as all of the Danish royal children , Frederik serenaded his mother with a chorus of a traditional Danish folk song from beneath her window . A clearly delighted Margrethe was seen peering out in surprise before smiling broadly and offering the singers a round of applause . Speech ! Crown Prince Frederik paid tribute to his mother in three languages last night . Guests : King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of the Belgians and King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain . Chat : Grand Duc Henri of Luxembourg chats to Crown Princess Mary during the dinner . Celebrating : Joachim and Marie of Denmark and Willem-Alexander and Maxima of the Netherlands . Glamorous gathering : The scene in the banqueting room at the Christiansborg Palace last night .