When it comes to modern-day travel , the long waits at airports and cramped flights are considered a necessary evil . But some airports , it seems , are very much worse than others . While Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport , in Pakistan , is often cited as the worst in the world , there are a surprising number of complaints form travellers about well-known hubs ranging from LAX in Los Angeles to London Luton . Scroll down for video . Queues are never a holidaymaker 's best idea of fun , but it appears some airports do n't help themselves when faced with these kind of situations -LRB- pictured is Los Angeles Airport -RRB- . From the long queues for security , to paying for internet connectivity that does n't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal , the allegations against these well-known airports are varied , infuriating travellers while they await their connection . So , which airports top the list when it comes to passengers complaining about their experience ? These are the hubs that appear to disappoint holidaymakers the most ... The layout at Los Angeles Airport has been criticised by many visitors . Los Angeles International Airport , U.S. . The San Francisco Chronicle once described LAX as ` eight terminals connected by a traffic jam ' . Complaints generally revolve around the convoluted and unsigned layout , the lack of restaurants , activities and services for the layover traveller , and the general uncleanliness of the airport in Los Angeles -LRB- LAX -RRB- . Writing on Google + , passenger Tim Dascomb described the airport , that handled almost 80 million visitors last year , as looking like it ` has n't been maintained since 1973 . ' He continued : ` TSA was horrible , no surprise there . Wifi is spotty when it is n't non-existent . When returning internationally , customs was the slowest I 've ever encountered in my life . ' Nick Ross was similarly scathing in his one-star review when he wrote : ` This is the absolute worst airport I 've ever been to . It 's like the Walmart of airports . ` My flight was delayed . Then you have to wait in line for almost two hours for them to give you a re-booking for the next day . ' LAX is America 's second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year , beaten only by Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta international airport . So perhaps it is no wonder passengers become frustrated with long queues for security , immigration and customs . There is good news though . In the latest Skytrax World Airport Awards , LAX crept into the top 100 , making 98th place from a previous position of 102 . Hurghada International Airport , Egypt . It is a favourite hotspot with European travellers , especially those looking for some winter sun . However , travellers complain that there is reportedly no air conditioning in the departure lounge and an expensive duty free shop . Holidaymaker Ash Tulett told MailOnline Travel : ` Lack of places to buy food , surprise card charges when buying duty free make all in all a miserable and depressing looking airport . ' Hurghada International Airport is an important check-in to explore Egypt 's holiday resorts , with queues like this experienced by many . The opinion was similarly shared by Hannah Davis who left a Google review saying : ` Just flew in and out of this airport . The worst I have ever had the displeasure to use . ` Herded into the security area like cattle by extremely rude and abusive staff . There was one belt working although there were about 10 areas that could have been opened . Barney Ashworth was n't too happy with Hurghada Airport , and shared his views on Twitter . ` After finally getting through there and checking in yet more queues and abusive staff at passport control . My passport was literally thrown in my face after being stamped . ' The airport has undergone massive renovations to accommodate dramatically rising leisure traffic , with officials stating they can now cater for around 13 million passengers annually . Seemingly many of these passengers would n't agree . LaGuardia Airport , New York , U.S. New York LaGuardia has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America . Taking into account the time it takes to get there , the security processes , the quality of the terminals and facilities , and how many flights get delayed , LaGuardia takes the crown that nobody wants . Visitors to LaGuardia New York describe the airport as being underwhelming with less than helpful staff . To be delayed at LaGuardia is ` mind numbing ' according to research attained by sleepingatairports.net . The research , conducted by businessweek.com , used data from a user survey , airports ' on-time performance , and information on the ease of getting to and from the airports . It 's location , beyond Subway lines , means long taxi queues for arriving passengers and the airport scored an abysmal 91 out of 100 in BusinessWeek 's survey . Sleepinginairports.net says that the airport has ` drab décor , poor restaurant selection , lacklustre cleanliness , counter-intuitive layout and the notoriously unhelpful staff . ' They add : ` While a departure from here is manageable , a delay here becomes the definition of mind numbing . ' The airport was once likened to a ` third world country ' by U.S. Vice-President Joe Biden . People take to social networks on a regular basis to complain about LaGuardia Airport . Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport , Pakistan . The 2014 Guide to Sleeping at Airports named the Pakistan airport as the very worst after tourists were asked to rate their airport experiences based on comfort , facilities , cleanliness and customer service . One customer likened Pakistan 's Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport to ` a central prison ' adding : ` Many of the touts and taxi drivers loot people at the airport and outside ' . Tourists also criticised the absence of crowd control , ` pervasive corruption ' , inconsistent security checks and the overall lack of cleanliness and technology . Some visitors to Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport have described it as more like ` a prison ' The customer service aspect of the airport in Islamabad has been highlighted as a growing concern . London Luton Airport , Luton , UK . The biggest gripe for tourists when travelling here is that they are not actually in London but Bedfordshire . However , while that should be looked into pre-flight , a host of elements at the airport leave customers angry . A favourite with the budget airlines , crowds can become problematic both arriving at the airport and in the terminal . Luton is a favourite with budget airlines , and this can lead to long queues for customers . Some of customers ' biggest complaints are that everything from Wi-Fi to the bags used to put your liquids in are chargeable . Writing on the review section of Skytrax , Bob Daniel described Luton airport as an ` absolutely ghastly place . ' He added : ` As others have noticed they charge you for anything they can think of . ` The ` short term ' car park is so far away heaven help you if it is raining . ` Security is a farce at the best of times , at times of minor demand it is appalling . ' Omar Chaudhuri did n't go into detail about his Luton Airport Experience , but was confident in his opinion . And in her zero-star rating on the site , Julia Gilson wrote : ` Luton airport security is a shambles . Be warned long queues causing passengers to miss their flights . ` The whole Luton experience is extremely poor . ' Which ? Travel has also waded in to the fray , branding Luton the UK 's worst airport for the second year running in 2014 in its annual survey of ` holiday hassles ' . Of the 8,000 people surveyed , it received a satisfaction rating of just 37 per cent , six per cent lower than the previous year . And one Which ? member went as far as describing the airport as a ` hell hole ' . Charles de Gaulle Airport , Paris , France . Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport is the world 's seventh-busiest airport , and one where it 's best to give yourself plenty of time to navigate the terminal . Passengers claim sandwiches and snacks are overpriced , complaining that a simple baguette can cost as much as € 6 , while terminal corrections can mean over an hour spent navigating by shuttle . Be prepared for a terminal transfer once checked-in at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris . An89Go writes in their Google review : ` In general it feels much better when you know you finally leave the airport - check in rush , security rush and everything else that 's in rush at the CDG -LRB- basically everything -RRB- makes you stressed out . ' Tom Jeffs was similarly depressed with his experience at the airport in the French capital by writing : ` The toilets are small and cramped , cubicles have no hooks . The only clothing shops here sell jeans that cost over 150 euros . ' Worldwide . 1 . Islamabad Benazir Bhutto International Airport , Pakistan -LRB- ISB -RRB- . 2 . Jeddah King Abdulaziz International Airport , Saudi Arabia -LRB- JED -RRB- . 3 . Kathmandu Tribhuvan International Airport , Nepal -LRB- KTM -RRB- . 4 . Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport , Philippines -LRB- MNL -RRB- . 5 . Tashkent International Airport , Uzbekistan -LRB- TAS -RRB- . 6 . Paris Beauvais-Tille International Airport , France -LRB- BVA -RRB- . 7 . Frankfurt Hahn International Airport , Germany -LRB- HHN -RRB- . 8 . Bergamo Orio al Serio International Airport , Italy -LRB- BGY -RRB- . 9 . Berlin Tegel International Airport , Germany -LRB- TXL -RRB- . 10 . New York City LaGuardia International Airport , USA -LRB- LGA -RRB- . Europe . 1 . Paris Beauvais-Tille International Airport , France -LRB- BVA -RRB- . 2 . Frankfurt Hahn International Airport , Germany -LRB- HHN -RRB- . 3 . Bergamo Orio al Serio International Airport , Italy -LRB- BGY -RRB- . 4 . Berlin Tegel International Airport , Germany -LRB- TXL -RRB- . 5 . Rome Ciampino International Airport , Italy -LRB- CIA -RRB- . 6 . Barcelona Girona-Costa Brava International Airport , Spain -LRB- GRO -RRB- . 7 . Paris Orly International Airport , France -LRB- ORY -RRB- . 8 . London Luton International Airport , England -LRB- LTN -RRB- . 9 . Warsaw-Modlin Mazovia International Airport , Poland -LRB- WMI -RRB- . 10 . Rome Fiumicino International Airport , Italy -LRB- FCO -RRB- . Research conducted by sleepinginairports.net from 2014 data . Reviewer Timo Rantanen , writing for airlinequality.com , did spot some improvements though . Last month he wrote : ` Improved signage , still difficult . I have regarded CDG as one of the most confusing airports to change planes . Since my last experience there has been significant improvement in signage . It is still not an easy or fast airport for changing flights but added signage makes it a bit better . ' Although not everybody is a fan . B Cohen , from the US , described Charles de Gaulle as an ` abysmal excuse for an airport ' . He wrote : ` Be prepared to miss your flight , because that is the likely outcome of the complete and utter inefficiency and disorganization . Be prepared to have no one care whatsoever about your plight . ' The airport also squeezed into the top 50 in the latest Skytrax World Airport Awards - not bad for a hub that used to be ranked as one of the worst in the world .