This is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block . The video - filmed by a passer-by in Shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports People 's Daily Online . Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her . Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time . But before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge . Fireman Xu Weiguo , who was also inside the apartment , immediately climbed out on to the ledge and video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away . He holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him before a colleague also clambers out on to the ledge to help to haul the woman to safety . She was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window by the firemen before being restrained by police officers and taken to hospital . He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down . Having held on to her arm , a colleague then joined him to help pull her back on to the ledge . The woman reportedly said she 'd felt depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend . She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen . Xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job . He told ThePaper.cn ` At the time I had n't even put on my safety rope or even my helmet when I heard someone outside shout , `` She 's going to jump '' . ` I did n't have time to think - I just ran through the apartment and seeing her hanging on the ledge I jumped through the window and grabbed her arm . ` As the ledge is narrow and difficult for me to get good leverage I had to flatten myself out and wait for my colleagues to help . Luckily we were able to save the woman . ` There was no time to think , the entire rescue took 2-3 minutes . Any hesitation by me and she may have fallen off the ledge so I did n't have any of my safety apparatus in place when I grabbed her . ` It was quite dangerous . Under normal operational procedures I would have to wear my helmet as well as my safety ropes . '