The vaccine , known as RTS , S , took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives . A new jab against malaria could prevent millions of cases , scientists claim . Researchers say the vaccine , which has just completed the final stages of testing , could make a ` substantial contribution ' to controlling the disease . Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency -LRB- EMA -RRB- for the RTS , S vaccine . The news is significant because RTS , S is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials . Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa . Among those who had three doses of RTS , S and a booster shot , the number of clinical cases of malaria -- those confirmed by a doctor -- was reduced by 36 per cent after four years . But the protection waned over time , boosters worked less well than the initial dose and the vaccine was not as effective in younger children , a report in The Lancet journal says . Scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years -- at a cost of more than £ 330million , but experts say there is a long way to go . There is no licensed vaccine against malaria anywhere in the world and researchers say they are hopeful the results will be sufficient for RTS , S to gain a licence from the EMA.The World Health Organisation could then recommend its use by October this year . In the trials , an average of 1,363 cases of clinical malaria were prevented over four years for every 1,000 children vaccinated , and 1,774 cases in those who also received a booster . Over three years , an average 558 cases were averted for every 1,000 infants vaccinated , and 983 cases in those also given a booster dose . Professor Brian Greenwood , the study 's author and professor of clinical tropical medicine at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , said : ` Despite the falling efficacy over time , there is still a clear benefit from RTS , S. ` Given that there were an estimated 198million malaria cases in 2013 , this level of efficacy potentially translates into millions of cases of malaria in children being prevented . ' But he said he was ` disappointed ' by the results of the clinical trials , adding : ` I hoped the vaccine would be more effective , but we were never going to end up with the success seen in measles vaccines , with 97 per cent efficacy . ' The shot , which is designed to be used by children in Africa , could be approved by October , making it the first approved vaccine for the world 's most deadly disease . The disease is difficult to treat because the malaria parasite has a complicated life cycle and has learned how to evade the human immune system over hundreds of years . The latest World Health Organisation figures show that of the 198million cases in 2013 , 584,000 people died . Most victims are children in Africa , where one dies every minute . Currently , the most effective prevention measure is the use of mosquito nets . The trial involved 15,459 infants aged six to 12 weeks and children aged five to 17 months from Burkina Faso , Gabon , Ghana , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique and Tanzania . Bloodsucker : A mosquito . Only female mosquitos can transmit malaria .