Tim Sherwood 's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes and after this astonishing contest it remains to be seen if either of these sides fare much better . When Aston Villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of Christian Benteke 's first half equaliser , he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the Barclays Premier League after all . Indeed when he then saw Benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on Monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for . But the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field and a QPR side every bit as desperate to maintain their top flight status did a fine job of exposing exactly the weaknesses Sherwood had highlighted . Matt Phillips -LRB- left -RRB- headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead , getting on the end of Bobby Zamora 's cross . Winger Phillips garnered just enough power on his head to plant beyond Brad Guzan in the Aston Villa goal . Joey Barton wheels away after watching Phillips nod in at the back post , as Ciaran Clark -LRB- left -RRB- and Carlos Sanchez appeal for offside . But QPR were only ahead for three minutes after Christian Benteke equalised for the hosts at Villa Park . Benteke drove beyond Rob Green from the edge of the box to net his seventh Premier League goal of the season . If it made for a hugely entertaining encounter , it must have been hell for the managers however friendly they might claim to be . Sherwood walked off the pitch at half-time with his hands planted casually in his pockets , comforted by the fact that his side were sitting five points clear of relegation danger . But when Charlie Austin followed Chint Hill 's second half equaliser with a third goal for the visitors , Villa had replaced Chris Ramsey 's spirited side in the bottom three . Only 12 minutes remained , and even if Benteke required just five more minutes to score again with a terrific free-kick the overriding feeling in the Villa ranks was certainly more one of frustration than relief . Benteke did not look like a man who wanted to enjoy his hat-trick at the sound of the final whistle . On the contrary , he looked devastated . Both sides have some difficult games ahead but when Tottenham and Manchester City come next for Villa , there is plenty to concern Sherwood . A replay of QPR 's goals will not make pleasant viewing . The failure to close down Bobby Zamora before he delivered the cross that enabled Matt Phillips to strike after only seven minutes . The failure to challenge Hill and so stop him scoring his first Premier League goal . The failure too to respond to the threat being posed by Austin , who was allowed to take a touch to control the cross from Phillips before driving the ball past Brad Guzan . Such frailties could yet drag Villa down this season , and Sherwood knows it . ` We are not equipped unfortunately to go anywhere and dig out a result , ' he complained afterwards , and on this evidence he would appear to be right . Aston Villa -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Guzan 6 ; Bacuna 6 , Vlaar 5.5 , Clark 6 , Richardson 6 ; Cleverley 6.5 , Sanchez 6.5 , Delph 7 , Grealish 6.5 ; Agbonlahor 7.5 , Benteke 8 . Manager : Tim Sherwood 7 . Goals : Benteke 10 , 33 , 83 . QPR -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Green 6.5 ; Isla 6 -LRB- Traore 52 , 5 -RRB- , Caulker 5.5 , Onuoha 5 , Hill 6.5 ; Phillips 7 , Barton 6 , Sandro 6 , Kranjcar 5 -LRB- Henry 52 , 5 -RRB- ; Austin 5 , Zamora 6.5 . Manager : Chris Ramsey 7 . Subs not used : McCarthy , Hoilett , Mitchell , Grego-Cox . Goals : Phillips 7 ; Hill 55 ; Austin 78 . Booked : Sandro , Kranjcar , Austin . Ref : C. Pawson . Att : 33,708 . CLICK HERE to view our brilliant Match Zone - including Christian Benteke 's second goal . Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood threw down his gilet in celebration after Benteke scored the early equaliser . Benteke was at the double in the opening 45 , sweeping beyond Green to put Villa ahead just after the half hour . Defender Clint Hill was the unexpected scorer of QPR 's equaliser just after half-time to make it 2-2 . Hill grabs the Queens Park Rangers badge in celebration after scoring his first ever Premier League goal . Charlie Austin got ahead of Ron Vlaar and had looked as if he 'd won the game for QPR . At times his side were excellent here , thrilling their supporters with a tremendous first half display . Phillips might have landed the first blow for QPR but the players he was probably referring to as ` the icing on the cake ' were giving him plenty of cause for celebration . They were attacking with great flair and finesse , with the pace of individuals like Gabriel Agbonlahor and Leandro Bacuna and the sheer power of Benteke . The call for more men made Sherwood 's selection of 19-year-old Jack Grealish somewhat curious . But the teenager too was performing well . More than man enough for the occasion . As a game it was something of an emotional rollercoaster , even if the warmth of the embrace between Sherwood and Ramsey before kick-off was soon replaced by the cold reality of a dire situation for both teams . Never one to hide his feelings , Sherwood responded to QPR 's opening seventh minute goal by unzipping the aforementioned gilet in disgust . It was understandable really , given how meekly his defenders tried to stop Zamora from delivering the cross Phillips then headed home from close range . Only three minutes later and the same gilet was off altogether , Sherwood throwing it to the ground after seeing Benteke 's shot take a nasty deflection off Mauricio Isla 's trailing foot and loop over Rob Green . The drama in the technical area added to the sense of excitement around Villa Park . The atmosphere was electric , the place almost erupting again when Grealish so nearly marked his first Premier League start with a goal . Benteke delivered a perfect ball into the path of the teenage winger only for Green to make the save at his feet . Sherwood 's decision to play a midfield diamond and exploit the pace of his attackers was working well for Villa . Not everyone seemed to agree , and at one stage Sherwood seemed to be placating a fan who did n't seem quite so impressed . But his team were playing with real verve , with Benteke scoring a second after 33 minutes with a goal that owed as much to the speed , vision and courage of Agbonlahor as the precision of the finish . Agbonlahor was just quick enough to send Benteke clear before being hacked down by Sandro , and remained curled up in a ball while his colleague raced towards goal . Benteke finished cleverly , shaping to shoot beyond Hill before dragging his effort back inside the QPR defender and beyond the reach of a wrong-footed Green . Austin salutes the travelling Rangers supporters inside Villa Park but they were n't able to cling on to the points . But Benteke 's wonder free-kick , much like Jason Puncheon 's on Monday night , meant Villa came away with a point . Benteke ca n't conceal his delight at completing his hat-trick and rescuing a point in the 83rd minute . Good friends Chris Ramsey -LRB- left -RRB- and Sherwood know each other well and were going head-to-head in the dugout for the first time . Former Villa striker Stan Collymore could n't hit his elation in the press box after Benteke knocked in his second of the goal . Sherwood urges the supporters packed inside Villa Park to up the ante as they looked to move clear of trouble . Charlie Austin vies for possession with Kieran Richardson during an intense and entertaining first half . Niko Kranjcar attempts to get QPR back in the game but could n't steer his effort beyond the American Guzan . Villa Park looked a picture on Tuesday night as the two relegation battlers went head-to-head in Birmingham . Sherwood said Ramsey was one of the finest coaches he had worked with and he certainly impressed here . He had seen how his forwards had been starved of service in the first half and responded after six minutes of the second by making two substitutions . It had the desired effect , Hill equalising four minutes later ; punishment for what appeared to be Bacuna 's failure to stay with his man . Austin 's goal -- his 17th in the Premier League this season - would be a further source of concern , even if Benteke did then level for a second time with a wonderful free-kick that beat Green via the inside of a post . Are they man enough ? Only time will tell .