It is an all-consuming fear experienced by almost every bride-to-be - will I fit into my wedding dress ? But for Shanna McCormick , that particular concern paled into insignificance . Weighing 28st , the 31-year-old , feared she would not live to see her wedding day . For most of her adult life , Miss McCormick 's obesity meant had been in and out of hospital , suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks . Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast . Shanna McCormick , 31 , whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st -LRB- left -RRB- managed to lose 16.5 st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride . Before her weight loss , Miss McCormick 's partner Dan Dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep . Now , the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together . Determined not to be a fat wife to her boyfriend of 14 years , Dan Dimmock , Miss McCormick called off their engagement to embark on a strict two-year weight-loss plan . It was only after she managed to lose 16.5 st and dropped 18 dress sizes that she decided she was ready to walk down the aisle . Miss McCormick , 31 , from Manchester , said : ` I had been told for years that my life was at risk because of my weight , and so it went in one ear out the other . ` I was immune to hearing it because I 'd heard it for so long , but it was different for Dan . BEFORE : . Breakfast : Nothing . Morning snack : Two bags of sweets and fizzy drink . Lunch : Fish and chips . Afternoon snack : Cans of fizzy drink with more sweets , chocolate and crisps . Dinner : Chinese takeaway plus several glasses of wine or cider , and more sweets . AFTER : . Breakfast : Flour-free pancakes with raspberries or a Cambridge shake . Morning snack : Fruit and bottle of water . Lunch : Tuna or chicken salad with water . Dinner : Omelette with green salad and water . Afternoon snack : Bag of hazelnuts with water . ` He was worried sick . Sometimes he could n't sleep at night because he thought something would happen to me . ` He used to check to see that I was still breathing in the middle of the night . ` The truth is that , at my biggest , I did n't think I had a future . ` Doctors warned me I would die if I did n't lose weight , so what was the point in planning a wedding ? ` I might not even be there to see it . ' At 5ft 6ins , Miss McCormick 's life was in constant danger and she admits she ca n't remember a time when she was not overweight . At primary school she was the biggest girl in her class and she was already obese by the time she moved to secondary school . Conditions linked to her weight , including asthma , made her a target for bullies , and she turned to food for comfort . By the time she met Dan aged 18 , Miss McCormick was living on crisps , bread and pizza . She was a size 20 and weighed 22st . Though he was slim , her weight crept up to its 27.5 st peak as their relationship progressed . In 2007 she spent nine days in intensive care when she suffered a severe asthma attack , which doctors blamed on her weight . Miss McCormick said doctors warnings her weight would kill her went ` in one ear out the other ' . But they terrified her partner , who could n't sleep at night worrying something might happen to her . Miss McCormick said : ` I was offered weight-loss surgery but was too scared of dying on the operating table , because my weight made the anaesthetic a risk . ` I knew something had to give but I did n't know how to make the change . ' In 2010 the couple became engaged for the first time , but it soon became clear there was no way they could plan their big day with Miss McCormick 's health problems . Her frequent visits to hospital meant that it would have been very difficult to set a date and stick to it . ` I wanted nothing more than to marry Dan but I could n't stand the thought of him becoming my carer as well as my husband , ' she said . ` My size was ruining everything . Now it had even ruined my engagement and stopped me marrying the man I loved . ' It was seeing Mr Dimmock 's fear and uncertainty about their future together that finally forced Miss McCormick into action and she vowed to stop overeating . But because of her unhealthy relationship with food and several failed attempts with conventional diets , she opted for a meal replacement plan in order to avoid even the slightest temptation . Miss McCormick said she can not remember a time she was n't overweight , and used to turn to food for comfort . She is pictured , left and right , before her weight loss . She signed up to the Cambridge Weight Plan in August 2011 , which allowed her to have four products a day , including a range of milkshakes , nutrition bars and soups . To her surprise she found it easier to stick to than the calorie controlled plans which had failed in the past . She lost 9 lbs in the first week . She recalled : ` It was not easy start with and I missed food terribly , but after a few days I got into the zone and never wavered . ' After losing 16.5 st , Miss McCormick could look at herself in the mirror with pride . In the first year she lost an impressive 8st and saw her health improve dramatically . ` The asthma attacks become less frequent and I was n't relying on medication all the time , ' she said . She lost another 8st the following year and reached her 11st and size 12 target in March 2013 . For the first time , she could look in the mirror with pride . Miss McCormick , who has maintained her target weight since , said : ` I loved being able to shop anywhere I wanted but what I really loved was seeing the peace of mind it gave Dan . ` It was worth all the hard slog . ` And looking in the mirror at the new slender me was a joy . ` I never thought that would happen . ' So much so that last June , when Dan popped the question again , while the pair were sat on a Los Angeles beach , Miss McCormick did not think twice about accepting and getting on with the planning . She said : ` He went down on one knee with a gorgeous vintage platinum ring . ` I loved it but I had to have it made smaller when we got back home because I had lost even more weight . ' But the biggest compliment came when a friend of the couple failed to recognise her . Miss McCormick , who is now a fully trained weight-loss consultant helping other women reach their goals , said : ` I was sitting there chatting away to him when it dawned on me that he did n't know who I was . ` When I told him it was me he just did not believe me . ` It was a huge compliment . ' As well as planning their wedding in Las Vegas next year the couple have also bought their dream period home to renovate . ` It will take us years as it needs a lot of work , but it 's something I can commit to now I 've lost the weight , ' Miss McCormick said . Mr Dimmock said he is delighted his partner was able to lose so much weight . He said : ` I used to think the radical before and-after weight-loss images in glossy magazines could never be true until I watched Shanna do it for herself . ` I am very proud and love her to bits . '