An eight-grade girl accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in adult jail while awaiting trial , a judge . A defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday . District Attorney Jim Martin had opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager , who is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . Her boyfriend , Caleb Barnes , 20 , who is from El Paso , Texas , but was stationed at Fort Meade , Maryland , is charged with homicide . JamieSilvonek , the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , it was ruled on Friday . Cheryl Silvonek 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia , and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the family home . Jamie Silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women 's housing unit , away from older inmates , county officials said . Authorities said Barnes and the teenager met in October , when she was 13 , but she told him she was 17 . Records show the 14-year-old was upset that her mother had shown her boyfriend her passport as proof that Silvonek was not 17 . The teen 's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered them to end it . A day later , the teen told Barnes in a text message , ` I want her gone , ' police said . On March 14 , Cheryl Silvonek learned that Barnes intended to take her daughter to a concert in Scranton . ` He is not coming to this house , ' Cheryl Silvonek texted to her daughter , who had taken the SAT college entrance exam that morning , according to a police affidavit . The eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go . ` Mom , if I ca n't go I 'm going to have a mental breakdown , ' she said , according to the affidavit . ` I need to go and I need to be with my friends . I feel so desolate mother . ' Cheryl Silvonek agreed to drive her daughter and Barnes to the show . On their way , the teenager and her boyfriend continued exchanging messages . ` I love you . We can do this . We 'll just drive her car then , right ? ' Jamie wrote , the affidavit said . Barnes replied in a text , ` No . That leaves us as the suspects . ' The three drove back to the Silvonek home after the show , and Barnes allegedly stabbed Cheryl Silvonek . The couple then ate at a restaurant and went to Walmart to buy gloves , bleach and other cleaning supplies , authorities said . Police found the body in a shallow grave a few miles from the Silvonek home . The victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . Investigators were able to trace the car back to the Silvonek home . When they arrived , they found Barnes , the girl and Silvonek 's husband , David . The girl and Barnes were in an upstairs bedroom and the father was still asleep , CBS 13 reported . Barnes was previously charged with criminal homicide , abuse of a corpse and statutory sexual assault . There is evidence he had sex with the girl shortly before the killing , according to police . The 14-year-old was charged earlier with abuse of a corpse , tampering with evidence and hindering apprehension . 14-year-old JamieSilvonek allegedly conspired to kill her mother Cheryl Silvonek with her 20-year-old boyfriend ` because she disapproved of their relationship ' Barnes confessed to stabbing Cheryl Silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in Silvonek 's car , and Jamie Silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body , according to an affidavit of probable cause . The teen 's attorney , John Waldron , said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes ' control , and that given the age disparity ` there has to be some type of duress or coercion ' . He said his client ` cried incessantly and told me how much she missed her mom ' and she feared for her life and that of her father . Waldron said he intends to have Jamie Silvonek examined by a forensic psychologist and will petition to have the case moved to juvenile court . Silvonek 's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother , and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . Police found the body of Cheryl Silvonek in a shallow grave a few miles from her home . The victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby .