A morbidly obese man has started documenting his efforts to lose more than 300 lbs - without weight loss surgery - after the intense back pain brought on by his size prompted him to get serious about his health . For years , Iowa-based writer Daniel P. Finney , ignored that at 563 lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him ` fatty ' as he walked down the street . But after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for The Des Moines Register . ` I know I 'm responsible for my actions , ' the columnist wrote for the newspaper 's website . ` And I 'm the only person who can really fix the problem . ' Scroll down for video . Weight loss journey : Daniel P. Finney , 39 , of Iowa , is sharing his efforts to lose over 300 lbs ; he started out weighing 563 lbs and has lost 20 lbs in a month . Daniel shared that he has been overweight since high school , and over the years has gotten used to the fact that he does n't fit into seats at most public venues or booths at restaurants . As one of 79 million obese Americans , he has also become accustomed to the emotional pain of being called ` fatty ' and getting verbally abused by strangers . In fact , even a diagnosis of Type II diabetes did n't alarm him enough to change his habits , and other health issues , like regularly pulling muscles in his calves , became a way of life . It was n't until a combination of intense lower back pain - caused by carrying groceries , since Daniel said he ca n't carry anything that weighs much more than a magazine - and trouble sleeping led him to see a doctor . ` The pain had reached a point where I was practically immobile , ' he said , adding that he could walk only 150 feet before he would have to stop . That 's when an X-ray showed him that he also had arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity . His doctor referred him to the Mercy Weight Loss Clinic in West Des Moines , Iowa . Now , Daniel is working with a therapist to tackle his emotional eating issues , as well as a nutritionist and a physical therapist . He also uses a calorie-counting app on his phone to track his eating , but admitted that even though he is serious about losing weight , making major lifestyle changes is n't easy . ` I do n't know if I want to go through the rest of my life eating a leaf of kale and two scoops of vitamin supplements and sipping a thimble of water , ' he said . ` The thought terrifies me of no more pizza , nachos , chicken wings , Mountain Dew or fries . ' But he is still determined to try to lose over 300 lbs the old-fashioned way , rather than go under the knife . If he chose to have gastric sleeve surgery , which makes the stomach smaller and reduces the hormones that produce cravings , he could lose as much as 60 per cent of his excess weight in a year - but Daniel said he is afraid of such a drastic medical procedure , and his doctor has told him that it should only be considered as a last resort . Working hard : Daniel is working with a mental health therapist , a physical therapist , and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems . ` It took me a long time to gain the weight . It will take time to lose it , ' said Daniel , adding that his goal is to move slowly and lose ` maybe 50 or 52 lbs a year ' . Focusing more on changing his lifestyle than dieting could be the key to long-lasting success for the writer , as a study by the Council on Size and Weight Discrimination found that more than 95 per cent of diets fail . So far , his efforts are paying off : After three weeks working toward his goal , he said that for the first time in years he felt better about his health . Now a month in , he has lost 20.6 lbs , which he noted is equal to the weight of ` four fully grown Chihuahuas ' or ` a tire for a full-sized sedan ' .