Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale 's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast . The Hoops boss criticised the playing surface at St Mirren Park following the Hoops ' 2-0 Scottish Premiership win on Friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit . Buddies boss Teale hit back , saying : ` It 's maybe a bit firm but it 's an excellent surface . Tommy , our groundsman , wins ` pitch of the year ' year after year and that 's a great acknowledgement for him and a great accolade for him . ' Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale 's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the division . However , ahead of the home game against Partick Thistle on Wednesday night , the Norwegian was not back-tracking on his assessment and went as far as to say his side should be judged accordingly . ` I said the same -LRB- as Teale -RRB- , it is one of the best in the league but that says something about the pitches in the league , ' said Deila . ` If that is a good pitch , then I say good luck . That is not a good pitch . Buddies boss Teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the St Mirren pitch on Friday night . ` I am not saying they do a bad job but the pitches are not like that in England . The ball is not bouncing around all the time . ` This is the Scottish Premiership we are talking about here . ` We get evaluated every game about performance ; how good we are playing and entertainment and there are high demands . St Mirren 's Jason Naismith battles with Celtic 's Stuart Armstrong during the game at St Mirren Park . St Mirren ace John McGinn slides in as he looks to retrieve the ball from Celtic 's James Forrest on Friday . ` And if that is a very good pitch then the demands on us ca n't be so high . ` If you want high performances then you need good pitches . ' Celtic are seven points ahead of second-placed Aberdeen having played a game less but Deila believes the title race will ` open up again ' if the Hoops fail to get the win . ` The game tomorrow is a very big game for us , ' he said . Forrest celebrates as he scores for Celtic against St Mirren at St Mirren Park on Friday night . Celtic player Emilio Izaguirre battles for the ball alongside St Mirren ace Emmanual Sonupe . ` If we win , we put pressure on Aberdeen again and if we lose then it is open again . ` Everything is possible in football . No one can take the points we have from us but we have to win more games before we win the league . ` I have never taken anything for granted in football . If you do that you can eat your words . ` So this game is important and Partick Thistle is one of the best teams at the moment . ` They have had some good results and it is going to be a good test for us . ` We have to be up for the game and have a good performance . ' Irish midfielder Jim Goodwin slides in for the ball against Celtic 's Nir Bitton at Celtic Park .