A Baltimore mother hailed as ` Mom of the year ' for clobbering her teenage son and dragging him home from the riots admitted sheepishly on Wednesday : ` My pastor is going to kill me . ' Toya Graham , a single mother-of-six , was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael , pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police , looted stores and burned down buildings and cars . The riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by Baltimore police . Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said : ` I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight . ' Miss Graham told CBS on Wednesday that she ` just lost it ' when she saw Michael at Monday 's riots carrying a rock and walking towards police officers . She said : ` I recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact . I was saying `` how dare you do this ? ' '' Scroll down for video . Single mother-of-six Toya Graham spoke on Wednesday about dragging her teenage son home from the Baltimore riots , adding that when she saw the video clip , she thought : ` My pastor is going to kill me ' Graham went down to where the riots were taking place after hearing schools had been let out early . She said she recognized her son 's baggy sweatpants and ` lost it ' Graham , a single mother-of-six , has drawn praise across the country , for getting her rioting son in check . Her son immediately lost his tough-guy swagger as his mother pulled the ski mask from his head , clipped him around the ears and yelled : `` Are you for real ? Really ? This is what you want to do ? ` I told you I 'd come down here . Did n't I ? Did n't I ? ' She poignantly added : ` That 's my only son and at the end of the day , I do n't want him to be a Freddie Gray . I cant imagine what Freddie Gray 's mother is going through . I do n't want to lose my son to the streets . ` Is he a perfect boy ? No he 's not . But he 's mine . ' And despite her concerns about what her pastor would think , he had nothing but praise for the mother of six on Wednesday . Pastor Jamal Bryant told Inside Edition that Toya was ` Mom of the Century ' . She said : ` I wish all of the parents of Baltimore would take on her spirit and go pull your children out of the streets . ' Miss Graham 's actions saw her grabbing headlines across the U.S. as Baltimore erupted into a second night of riots on Tuesday . She was even trending on Twitter with the hashtag , #momoftheyear , as social media users asked how to send her gifts ahead of Mother 's Day . However Graham said on Wednesday : ` I do n't feel like a hero . My intention was to get my son and have him be safe . I knew the whole thing was not safe . ' She said the night before the riots , her son told her that a lot of high school students were planing to meet up at Mondawmin Mall on Monday afternoon , the day of Freddie Gray 's funeral . She warned him not to go to the mall . The mom was at a doctor 's appointment with her eldest daughter the next day when she heard that schools had been let out early and people were gathering at the mall , which is also a main transportation hub in the area . She left the doctor 's office immediately to go find her son . Graham told CBS : ` There was a mass of police and helicopters . I ran over to the police and asked `` where are the children that have to take this bus route ? '' They were throwing bricks at the police . ' She recognized her son even though he was wearing a black ski mask over much of his face . He was also carrying a rock . When he saw her coming , his first instinct was to run away . She said : ` He knew he was in trouble . At that point , I just lost it . I was shocked , I was angry , because you never want to see your child out there doing that . ' Mother and son got home and turned on the TV so they could continue to watch coverage of the riots . Michael Graham pictured on Facebook with his mom and a younger family member . The mom said her teenage son has been in trouble before ` but knows right from wrong ' As they watched what was happening outside their home , Michael 's Facebook feed began to fill up with people who had seen the video of his mom reeling him in . Many people wrote that Michael should n't be mad at his mom , but rather ` give her a hug ' . Graham explained her fury at seeing her son caught up in police violence also came from a place of deep worry as a parent . She said : ` A lot of his friends have been killed . I just want to keep him in the house , but that 's not really going to work . ` He 's been in trouble before . He knows right from wrong but he 's just like other teens , he does n't have the perfect relationship with the police in Baltimore . ' However , the mother said that none of this excused violence towards the police officers . ` You will not be throwing rocks and stones at police officers . Whose to say they do n't have to come and protect me from something ? ' she added . However Graham , who is also a grandmother , admitted that she understood some of the frustration being felt towards the police department in her Baltimore community . At some point , I understand the frustration that our community is having , ' she said . ` We have n't received any information on what happened to this young guy -LSB- Freddie Gray -RSB- . From looking at it from the news point of view , it seemed like he was harmed . ` And if he had n't been harmed , we , the people of Baltimore city , we feel like we have the right to know . ' According to Toya Graham 's Facebook profile , she went to high school about ten minutes away from where Freddie Gray was arrested on April 12 . In an Instagram video from two months ago , Michael posed in a very similar outfit with face mask and dark clothing to what he was wearing on Monday . The Baltimore native was described as an assistant manager at an alcohol and drug treatment center that offered inpatient and outpatient treatment as well as manages crisis and halfway housing . However on Wednesday , she told CBS that she had recently lost a job and had moved home . She said that her son had witnessed her have a tough time . ` He sees me struggle , ' she said . ` It 's just me and my children . I do n't go out . The only thing I do is church . ' Graham laughed when she said the first thing that ran through her head when she saw herself on TV , was ` my pastor is going to have a fit ! ' Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts mentioned Graham 's heroics when he spoke at a press conference shortly before midnight on Monday . Batts said : ` In one scene you had a mother who grabbed a child who had a hood on his head and started smacking him on the head because she was so embarrassed . ` I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight . ' He later added : ` Take control of your kids . This is our city , let 's make a difference . ' Graham , who said she sometimes has to ` shield ' her son from the violence outside her home , has seen what can happen on the streets of Baltimore first-hand . In August of 2014 , she was at her home when at least three shots were fired and a man was killed outside on the street on her block in the middle of the night . The concerned mother checked on her children before heading outside to try to help the victim . The man died before he could be taken to the hospital and Graham was so shaken , she could n't even go to work the next day , according to ABC 2 . She said at the time : ` Soon we 're not even going to be able to walk out of our doors . That was somebody 's child , and it 's real overwhelming that somebody takes somebody 's life like that and he was just left there . ' Toya Graham -LRB- pictured left in 2014 -RRB- was at her Baltimore home when at least three shots were fired and a man was killed on the street . Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts -LRB- right -RRB- praised her during a press conference on Monday . One woman said : ` Baltimore does n't need the National Guard - they need more parents like this one ! ' The encounter between mother and son on the Baltimore street was captured by WMAR . The video did not fly under the radar on social media either and many Twitter users began re-posting it and saying the woman was the ` Mom of the Year ' . After Graham was identified on Tuesday , even more people began offering up their congratulation and appreciation for what she had done . One person wrote : ` The mother of the year is Toya Graham - she is now my hero - I love her - she is awesome - she parents - LOVE HER . ' Someone else said : ' #Toyagraham my respect to the mother who tried to stop her son from joining the #baltimoreriotss . As I often say ` off with his hoodie '' Another Twitter user added : ` Mother 's Day is May 10th , someone better do something for Toya Graham ! ' Blows rained down on the son 's head as he struggled to get away while a large crowd looked on . One Twitter user said : ` Mother 's Day is May 10th , someone better do something for Toya Graham '