This gruesome video shows how a man popped a huge cyst in his arm with a needle , screwdriver and a pair of pliers . The man , known only as Jason , from Vancouver , uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment . It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist . He says : ` We have the pliers , they 're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver . ` It should be pretty cool . ' The man , known only as Jason , uploaded the video to YouTube of his unique way of popping a cyst - using a needle , a pair of pliers and a screwdriver . Pictured is his sister in law putting the needle into the swelling . As Jason 's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver , he emits loud cries of pain . First , he lays his left arm down on some kitchen roll on a table so the lump is easily accessible . His sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place with a pair of pliers as he winces . She then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the growth . Sharp cries of pain are heard from Jason with each hit . Astonishingly , though the process seems too agonising to bear , Jason says : ` I think we can go a little deeper ' . After one last hammer -- which was once again met with a loud moan -- he says : ` It 's in there pretty good . Now we 've got to pull it out . Dr Arun Ghosh , a private GP in Liverpool , condemned Jason 's method of popping his cyst with a needle , pliers and a screwdriver . He told MailOnline : ` We advise not draining minor ganglions . ` They just get bigger and bigger . We only drain it if they are very large and hindering the use of the hand . ` It 's wrong to pop a ganglion with a needle and a screwdriver on so many levels . Traditionally , ganglions would be ` bashed with the family bible ' , but doctors do not advise this . ` From a hygiene point of view you 've got to sterilise your equipment . We would never insert a needle that would be used in the house . They are covered in millions of bacteria . ` You can never control the force by using a screwdriver , and that 's dangerous . ` There are very fine arteries and nerves in the hand , and they 're so easy to damage . ` If they are damaged you get irreversible pain . If you think how often you use your hand that can be debilitating . ` There used to be a myth that you should bash a ganglion with a family bible to burst it . ` That 's caused problems with the fluid going into the wrist joint , causing carpel tunnel syndrome : swelling inside the wrist . ` If we did treat it , we 'd do a needle aspiration , which means sucking out the glue-like pus . ` But that would be what is known as `` aseptic '' , meaning the pus would be drawn out into the syringe and would never touch the wound , to prevent infection . ` We would also do it under ultrasound so as not to damage the fine veins and arteries in the hand . ` If you have a ganglion or a swelling you must go to your GP and they will advise whether its OK or whether it 's best to be left alone . ` Then it will be followed up and receive proper after care . ' ` I 'm going to see if we can get the fluid squirting out if it does . ' Moments later , he takes the needle out and asks the camera to zoom in on his arm . As he squeezes the cyst , sticky , translucent jelly comes rushing out and gathers in a pea-sized ball . ` Let 's see what the consistency looks like , ' he said as he rubs the gluey substance between two fingers . He adds : ` This is probably the grossest thing I 've ever seen -- since the last time I 've done this . ` This will probably do the trick for three or so months until I have to pop it again . ' Uploading the video to YouTube under the name ` The Wrist Cyst ' , he promises to upload another video in another three months time when he pops the cyst again . Unsurprisingly , medical professionals do not advise using Jason 's method to treat lumps found on the body . Dr Arun Ghosh , a private GP in Liverpool , explains that Jason 's cyst is a ganglion , a fluid-filled swelling that develops near a joint or a tendon . They are made up of a thick jelly-like fluid called synovial fluid , which surrounds joints and tendons to lubricate them during movement - and occur when this fluid leaks out and collects under the skin . Ganglions can occur alongside any joint in the body , but are most commonly found on the wrist , hand and fingers . Generally harmless , if they do not cause any pain , they can be left alone and will disappear without any treatment . Dr Ghosh said : ` We advise not draining minor ganglions . They just get bigger and bigger . We only drain it if they are very large and hindering the use of the hand . ` A ganglion is a fluid-filled sack . If you start the drainage process , the bigger and bigger the sack will fill . ` This is the issue this gentleman has caused , he 'll need to drain it more often . ' Traditionally , ganglions were treated by being ` bashed with the family Bible ' , but this is no longer recommended , as this could cause the fluid to disperse and cause carpel tunnel syndrome - a swelling in the wrist - he added . Dr Ghosh added Jason 's method was also not advisable either . He told MailOnline : ` It 's wrong to pop a ganglion with a needle and a screwdriver on so many levels . It 's unhygienic , you ca n't control the force and you could damage the nerves in the hand . ` From a hygiene point of view you 've got to sterilise your equipment . We would never insert a needle that would be used in the house . They are covered in millions of bacteria . ` You can never control the force by using a screwdriver , and that 's dangerous . ` There are very fine arteries and nerves in the hand , and they 're so easy to damage . If they are damaged you get irreversible pain . If you think how often you use your hand that can be debilitating . ' He removes the needle and squeezes the cyst , and a ball of sticky , see-through jelly-like fluid emerges . Jason rubs his fingers together to show the sticky consistency of the fluid that comes out of the growth , which doctors explain is synovial fluid , which surrounds joints and tendons to lubricate them . At the end of the video , Jason says the cyst will need draining again in three months . But doctors strongly advise against his method - and say ganglions do not normally require treatment . If the cyst needs treatment , the fluid should be drained out with a needle and syringe by a doctor , or cut out in a surgical procedure . Dr Ghosh added : ` If we did treat it , we 'd do a needle aspiration , which means sucking out the glue-like pus . ` But that would be what is known as `` aseptic '' , meaning the pus would be drawn out into the syringe and would never touch the wound , to prevent infection . ` We would also do it under ultrasound so as not to damage the fine veins and arteries in the hand . ` If you have a ganglion or a swelling you must go to your GP and they will advise whether its OK or whether it 's best to be left alone . ` Then it will be followed up and receive proper after care . '