A bakery in Oregon has been told to pay $ 135,000 to a lesbian couple that it refused to make a wedding cake for two years ago . An administrative law judge said that Sweet Cakes by Melissa , in the Portland suburb of Gresham , discriminated against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel and caused them emotional suffering . Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to make the couple , who held a commitment ceremony in June 2013 , a cake after learning that they were lesbians in January of that year because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons . The Kleins were able to raise more than $ 100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe 's terms of service . Melissa Klein -LRB- behind counter -RRB- of Sweet Cakes by Melissa faces a $ 135,000 fine after being found guilty of discriminating against a lesbian couple when she and her husband refused to make them a wedding cake . Rachel Bowman-Cryer -LRB- right -RRB- and her wife Laurel -LRB- left -RRB- file a civil rights lawsuit and said that they had suffered emotional distress because of the case after they received death threats . The judge 's Friday verdict comes after the Bowman-Cryers filed a civil rights suit in the case , which has joined a series of similar proceedings in a national debate about anti-LGBT discrimination and religious freedom . They said during compensation hearings that they had received death threats and were worried about losing their two foster children after the case received widespread attention , according to Oregon Live . Oregon prohibits businesses from discriminating based on sexual orientation and the Christian bakers are were found guilty of discrimination earlier this year . The bakery must pay up to $ 150,000 , and the judge 's Friday decision of $ 135,000 will be approved or amended by State Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian . A ruling issued by the Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries saying that the Kleins discriminated also rejected their argument that she did not discriminate against the couple because she had previously sold Rachel Cryer a cake for her mother 's wedding . Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron -LRB- right -RRB- , who closed their bakery in 2013 amid attention to the discrimination case , say they are in dire financial straits because of the fine . An administrative law court in Oregon ruled earlier this year against the Klein 's defense that their constitutional right to expression of their religious beliefs superseded Oregon state law against discrimination . The Kleins , who closed their store in 2013 amid attention drawn to the discrimination and now operate it from their home , have said that they and their five children are struggling financially . ` This is real money that Aaron and Melissa are going to have to pay that otherwise would be used to pay their mortgage and feed their kids , ' their lawyer Anna Harmon told the Oregonian . The bakery 's Facebook page posted a message Friday saying that the fine ` will financially ruin us ' . A GoFundMe page for the family has already raised $ 101,000 as of Friday night . The page , which has set its goal at $ 200,000 , says that any excess funds will be given to ` will be used to cover those same expenses for others who defend their constitutional right to live consistently with their faith . ' However , the fundraising site later shut down the couple 's page for violating the company 's terms of service . ` The subjects of the `` Support Sweet Cakes By Melissa '' campaign have been formally charged by local authorities and found to be in violation of Oregon state law concerning discriminatory acts . Accordingly , the campaign has been disabled , ' the site told Go Local PDX . The Klein 's said that ` Satan 's really at work ' after ` he administrators of gofundme because they claimed it was raising money for an illegal purpose ' . The family will still receive the $ 100,000 they raised , though it is now urging potential donors to give them money on a fundraising site run by Franklin Graham , son of evangelist Billy Graham . A lawyer for the Bowman-Cryers said Friday about the $ 135,000 amount that ` This is a proposed order and we view this matter as continuing to be active litigation ' , refusing to comment further . The case follows similar incidents in Colorado , where a Christian baker who refused to bake a wedding reception cake for a gay couple was found to have discriminated against them in 2013 . The Bowman-Cryers said they were worried about losing their foster children , who they have since adopted , after attention was brought to their marriage . Oregon began allowing same sex marriage in May 2014 . A GoFundMe page for the bakery started Friday afternoon raised more than $ 100,000 in eight hours for the Klein 's legal expenses . Another baker in the state who refused to bake cakes with Bible quotes and anti-gay messages was found not to have discriminated the Christian customer earlier this year . Indiana passed a law that many saw as allowing businesses to discriminate against LGBT people earlier this year , though it has since amended it to say that discrimination is not allowed . A pizza parlor in the state that said it would deny service to gay couples raised more than $ 840,000 from donors online after it closed following backlash on social media for its decision . A CNN poll taken last week found that 57 per cent of Americans think that wedding-related businesses such as cake bakers should not be allowed to deny service to same sex couples . Oregon has allowed gay marriage since 2014 , when its ban was struck down by a federal court for violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment . The Bownman-Cryers married in May that year , shortly after the judge 's decision , according to the Statesman Journal . They have since adopted their foster children , two daughters aged eight and six . The state 's law on discrimination against gay people makes exceptions for religious institutions such as schools and churches .