Every second of the day you are subjected to radiation from compounds in soil , buildings and even your own body . But for people who fly frequently , cosmic radiation can increase this exposure significantly . Now there is an app that records your personal radiation to reveal how much you are exposed to from from medical examinations , changes in your location , and flights . The TrackYourDose app -LRB- pictured -RRB- was developed by Germany-based firm esooka and uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . The £ 1.49 -LRB- $ 1.99 -RRB- iOS app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights . The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka . It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists from the Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt -LRB- PTB -RRB- in Germany and the University Oulu , Finland . Since 1997 , PTB has studied the cosmic radiation at typical flight altitudes and used this to calculate radiation levels . To to do this , PTB 's scientists developed a carry-on ` flight case ' . Using the case , PTB 's scientists measured more than 2,500 points at flight altitudes between 5 miles -LRB- 8 km -RRB- and 7.5 miles -LRB- 12 km -RRB- worldwide between 1997 and 2006 . This covered geographical location , the flight altitude and solar activity . 6 µSv : Typical radiation from a dentist 's X-ray . 10 μSv : Average daily natural radiation . 40 μSv : Radiation from flying from New York to Los Angeles . 100 µSv : Radiation from a 10-hour flight across the North Atlantic . 2,100 µSv : Annual radiation of a typical person in Europe . 3,000 μSv : Radiation from a mammogram . 3,600 μSv : Average annual radiation of a US citizen . 50,000 μSv : Maximum allowable yearly occupational dose in the US . 100,000 μSv : Lowest yearly dose linked to increased risk of cancer . 2,000,000 μSv : Severe and potentially fatal . It can measure all the relevant types of radiation , in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere . Using the TrackYourDose app , users enter the details of the airports they are flying from and to and the date they are travelling . The current solar activity for the flight is then inputted , using a neutron monitor of the University of Oulu in Finland . In addition to tracking cosmic radiation from air travel , the app accounts for gamma radiation and cosmic radiation on the ground and medical examinations with ionizing radiation such as X-rays or CT scans lead to radiation exposure . The measurement is called the ` ambient dose equivalent ' and is recorded in microsieverts -LRB- µSv -RRB- . In the US , this is often measured in a unit called rem and one sievert is equivalent to 100 rem . A ten-hour flight across the North Atlantic , for instance , results in a radiation exposure of between 50 µSv to 100 µSv . By comparison , an X-ray at a dentist exposes patients to 6 µSv , depending on the type of X-ray . In 2012 , the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe , through naturally occurring radiation , came to about 2,100 µSv . The same year a radiation monitor tracked 131µSv per hour at the site of the Fukushima power plant . While the average radiation of someone in the US is 3,600 µSv . Experts studied the cosmic radiation at flight altitudes between 5 miles -LRB- 8 km -RRB- and 7.5 miles -LRB- 12 km -RRB- worldwide between 1997 and 2006 . A TrackYourDose user enters their flights details and solar activity for the flight is inputted , using a neutron monitor from the University of Oulu in Finland . A 10-hour flight over the North Atlantic , for instance , results in a radiation exposure of between 50 µSv to 100 µSv . By comparison , an X-ray -LRB- stock image right -RRB- exposes patients to 6µSv - depending on the X-ray , while a mammogram -LRB- right -RRB- produces 3,000 μSv . A dosage of 2,000,000 μSv is considered severe and potentially fatal . Airline pilots are at risk of deadly skin cancer because they are exposed to cockpit radiation similar to levels from tanning beds . Pilots flying for an hour at 30,000 ft get the same amount of radiation as 20 minutes on a tanning bed . And researchers believe the levels could be higher when pilots are flying over thick clouds and snow fields , which can reflect UV radiation . A team from the University of California measured the amount of UV radiation in airplane cockpits during flights . The cockpit radiation was measured in the pilot seat of a general aviation turboprop airplane through the acrylic plastic windshield at ground level and at various heights above sea level . Sun exposures were measured in San Jose , California , and in Las Vegas around midday in April . They then compared them with measurements taken in tanning beds . While short-wave UV-B ultraviolet radiation can not easily penetrate glass and plastic windows , long-wave UV-A is much more likely to get through . Both kinds of UV can cause skin ageing and cancer . Approximately half of this dose comes from X-rays , mammograms , CT scans and similar . The other , natural half occurs from radioactive compounds in soil and building materials like concrete and brick . The small amount of mineral potassium in the human body is also radioactive . Of this natural radiation , around nine per cent comes from cosmic radiation . Particles from space interact with the atmosphere and Earth 's magnetic field to generate cosmic radiation . Sources are said to include gamma ray bursts , solar flares and supernovae . It is what 's known as ionising , which means particles can alter charged particles from atoms that can potentially cause chemical changes in body tissue . Exposure to this kind of radiation is more significant at higher latitudes and near the magnetic poles , and many planes take polar routes to cut journey times . This exposure is so significant that in 1994 US pilots and cabin crew were classified as ` radiation workers ' and the maximum allowable yearly occupational does is 50,000 μSv . Last year researchers from the University of California found that pilots flying for an hour at 30,000 ft get the same amount of radiation as 20 minutes on a tanning bed . And researchers believe the levels could be higher when pilots are flying over thick clouds and snow fields , which can reflect UV radiation . The lowest yearly dose that has been linked to an increase in cancer risk is 100,000 μSv , while a dosage of 2,000,000 μSv is considered severe and potentially fatal .