Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer . The proof that City have belief in English players was evident in Monday night 's FA Youth Cup final where four of their starting line-up against Chelsea were born in Manchester . Another two have lived there from a young age . Manuel Pellegrini looked on with interest at City 's Academy Stadium . Yet , while those fledglings carry much promise for the future , the fallen Premier League champions have a more immediate problem : they need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the Premier League and are in danger of losing at least four . Manchester City will ask about Raheem Sterling 's availability even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell . Manuel Pellegrini watched City 's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday . The Premier League champions are also interested in signing Danny Ings -LRB- left -RRB- and Jay Rodriguez -LRB- right -RRB- . Frank Lampard , Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave while Richard Wright is expected to follow , and James Milner will decide his fate at the end of the season . Dedryck Boyata and John Guidetti are also ready to move . Milner 's issue is not about money but understood to be about how many games he starts . He has figured in 27 Premier League matches this season but started just 14 . The possibility of him departing means City have had to redress their buying strategy . Their track record of buying British has been questionable when you consider the impact made by Jack Rodwell , Sinclair and Adam Johnson . Further question marks have since been placed alongside recruitment decisions of last summer after City floundered in the Champions League and the domestic competitions . Indeed , the pressure is on all investments to make them a stronger Champions League proposition . Sporting director Txiki Begiristain wants Paul Pogba of Juventus , Kevin de Bruyne from Wolfsburg and took a flight to Munich yesterday to watch Porto attacker Yacine Brahimi and his team-mate Alex Sandro , a left back . They want young , hungry potentially world-class players but they also need at least some of them to be homegrown . Ross Barkley could be a City player next season but Everton want at least £ 50m for the midfielder . Club chiefs will not compromise on quality and they are also interested in foreign stars including Paul Pogba . For that reason , City have to ask about Raheem Sterling even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him . They have discussed signing Burnley forward Danny Ings -- even though he does n't want to be a peripheral figure -- and Jay Rodriguez of Southampton , who will soon be fit again . His clubmate James Ward-Prowse is another promising talent admired by City . Everton 's Ross Barkley and John Stones are others constantly mentioned but here lies City 's problem : Everton would want at least £ 50million for Barkley . It is a figure that has made City balk . As coach Manuel Pellegrini protested : ` It 's important to have English players . Can you sign them ? To improve this squad , you 're talking players you ca n't get . Either they do n't exist or clubs wo n't sell . ' The search will intensify once City finish the season but the task will only get tougher . FA chairman Greg Dyke said it was ` depressing ' to see City win the Premier League with just two Englishmen in their side last year and intends to introduce stricter rules on homegrown players from 2016 . Pellegrini , if he 's in charge next year , will need eight homegrown players for the first-team squad next season . James Milner was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this year , but could leave in the summer . He wants to phase them in over four years but it would mean players , irrespective of nationality , will have to be with their club from 15 to qualify as homegrown ; the number of non-homegrown players in each 25-man squad is to be reduced from 17 to 13 and at least two homegrown players must be club-trained . Under those guidelines , City 's Gael Clichy and Dedryck Boyata would no longer be classed as homegrown . ` I think it is important for big teams to bring in the best players , that is the most important thing , ' said Pellegrini . ` I think about the academy we must be patient . This club built all these things because young players are important . ` Maybe it is not always easy for young players , especially in big teams , to play in the professional squad but I am sure in the future we will have important players to come from the academy and will be part of our squad . ' While that wait goes on , City have no option but to put trust in their chequebook .