Seven of the world 's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country . The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight . The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species . One of seven Philippine crocodiles which flew from Melbourne to the Philippines today as part of a major conservation effort . There are only about 250 Philippines crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered crocodilian species in the world . The custom-designed boxes which the crocodiles travelled in contained canvas bags cushioned by soft wood wool . There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world . The reptiles were conceived and hatched at the Melbourne Zoo , the first and only Australian zoo to breed them . After the breeding program has been concluded , the crocodiles will be released into the wild , where they could grow to be up to three metres long . Chris Banks , Manager for Zoo Victoria 's International Conservation Programs , explained to ABC why the crocodiles are facing extinction . ` What you 've got in the Philippines is a large human population , widespread poverty , a government strapped for resources to protect their own species , and civil disturbance in the south - so you ca n't really go and monitor crocodiles , ' he said . After the breeding program has been concluded , the crocodiles will be released into the wild , where they could grow to be up to three metres long . The reptiles were conceived and hatched at the Melbourne Zoo , the first and only Australian zoo to breed the species . Melbourne Zoo Director Kevin Tanner has visited the Philippines and participated in the release to the wild of young crocodiles bred there . He says that ` to be able to breed such endangered animals and then return some to the home of their species is a rare and important event . ` It is a real credit to the skills and dedication of our Reptile Keepers that our breeding program is so successful . ' The custom designed boxes which the crocodiles travelled in contained canvas bags cushioned by soft wood wool .