Toxicology results released Monday show Linden , New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad -LRB- pictured -RRB- had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month . Toxicology results show that an off-duty New Jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a New York City highway , a Staten Island prosecutor said Monday . Tests show Linden Officer Pedro Abad 's blood alcohol content was 0.24 ; the legal limit in New York is 0.08 . Chief Assistant District Attorney Daniel Master would n't comment on possible charges against the officer stemming from the March 20 crash . Linden Officer Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez were killed ; Abad and Officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured . Authorities say Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club . The truck driver suffered injuries that were n't considered life-threatening . There was no immediate response to an email seeking comment from the union representing Linden police officers . Investigators had applied for a warrant to test Abad 's blood shortly after the accident . Hours before the crash , Abad had posted a photo on his Instagram page of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as ` Jack Daniels Fire on the house . ' The photo included a caption of a toast he said he had given . Abad and fellow officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez died . The driver of the tractor-trailer was also injured but his injuries were not thought to be life threatening . VictimsL Above , officer Viggiano -LRB- left -RRB- and Rodriguez -LRB- right -RRB- , the two men who were killed in the crash . ` The 3 of us , are decent people . There 's a decent woman out there for each of us . Sure it 's cool to be single every now and then , but I do n't give a damn what ANYONE says . At the end of the day , I want a family . I want to settle down . We all do . So here 's to finding that which we all hope for . ' Abad had two drunken-driving arrests in the last four years , including one for an accident in which he plowed through the wall of a convenience store , records show . He was arrested on a charge of driving under the influence in Roselle , New Jersey , in January 2011 after his car ` put a hole completely through the building ' housing a New Way Supermarket , a police report said . Abad was issued a summons for DUI and reckless driving , but apparently the case did n't conclude in any citations or violations , the state Motor Vehicle Commission said . Abad -LRB- left -RRB- posted a photo of three whiskey shots -LRB- right -RRB- to his Instagram just hours before the deadly crash . The crash occurred after the three off-duty New Jersey cops and their friend left this Staten Island strip club . Thirteen months later , Abad was charged with DUI in Rahway , New Jersey . A police dashboard camera video showed him weaving , wobbling and slurring his words as he attempted to complete a field sobriety test . Abad 's driver 's license was suspended after the second arrest , beginning in October 2013 and concluding in May 2014 , the Motor Vehicle Commission said . A judge then required Abad to fit his car with an ignition interlock , which wo n't allow a vehicle to start until the driver blows into a device to measure his blood-alcohol level and is deemed sober . The interlock device was removed last September , the commission said . Abad Jr. -LRB- left -RRB- had eight accidents and two DUIs on his record before the Staten Island crash . On the right , Patrik Kudlac , the other officer who was injured in the crash .