SPFL clubs are poised to do battle over a late Hibernian move to cash in on the Premiership play-offs . Currently second in the Championship , the Easter Road club stand to make £ 1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership - currently Motherwell . Under recently passed SPFL rules , however , play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days . And , faced with the possible loss of substantial sums from two lucrative matches , Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash the profits levied from play-off finalists from 50 per cent to 25 per cent . The issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday , but faces opposition from the SPFL board who believe the move puts self-interest above those of all 42 clubs . Hibernian face a battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs . On Tuesday , one senior club figure told Sportsmail on condition of anonymity , that the Hibs , Hearts and Motherwell proposal was ` outrageous ' . ` The agreement two years ago was that the clubs from the bottom three divisions would get more of the money , ' Sportsmail was told . ` As part of that overall package we agreed a levy on the play-offs . No one at that time anticipated you might have a Rangers-Hibs play-off final . ` Now there is a move by people with vested interests to say `` we might be doing ourselves out of a bit of money ! '' . And they are attempting to revisit it . ` That 's potentially outrageous because all clubs voted for the restructuring on the basis of the overall package and you ca n't suddenly decide later that because you are in the play-offs you are not happy with it . ' Hibernian declined to comment last night although the Easter Road club will argue that funding for lower league clubs will be unaffected by slashing the levy because of a new six-figure broadcast deal for the play-offs and the imposition by the SPFL of new minimum pricing policy of £ 15 and £ 10 for all six matches . Hibs would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under SPFL rules . Hibernian are believed to have had reservations over the 50 per cent levy before the redistribution package was passed and have now gathered backing to revisit the issue next Thursday from Motherwell -- also likely to be involved in the play-offs -- and city rivals Hearts . One Easter Road source told Sportsmail : ` A rule change has been introduced by the SPFL stopping clubs allowing their season ticket holders into the play-off games for free . ` They have also imposed a minimum price of £ 15 and £ 10 for the play-offs . ` In addition there was no television money in place for the play-offs last year while this year they have secured six-figure revenues to go round the clubs . ` Add in the fact the parachute payments to the Premiership clubs are fully funded by the SFA -- not the SPFL -- and people at Hibs take the view that to hand back 50 per cent of the money generated is excessive and unnecessary . The suggestion that it be reduced is not unreasonable . Hearts and Motherwell agree . '