A Georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors ' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash . Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married . ` I knew that God could get us through that , ' she said , in an interview at the couple 's Georgetown home Tuesday . ` I did n't think that it was too big for God . ' Scroll down for video . Tragic : Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married when he was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash . Davis tells WTOC that doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position . ` That 's what they 'd want their family to do , ' she recalls hearing them say . But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care . Weeks went by and one day , miraculously , Brian spoke . ` I 'm trying , ' he told her . Danielle would soon come to the painful conclusion that Brian had no idea she was his wife . Brian tells WTOC that he also had no clue his father was dead or that he 'd been married to begin with . Three years had been wiped from his memory for good . Though , finding out Danielle was his wife was a happy moment among many struggles . ` I saw her , and I was like , ` yeah , '' he recalls . Hopeless : Brian 's motorcycle was split in two and doctors initially urged his wife to take him off life support . Danielle refused to give up on Brian and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube . Miracle : Eventually , Brian started to improve and miraculously spoke the words ` I 'm trying ' one day weeks after Danielle took him home with dismal prospects . Now , he and Danielle work on his rehabilitation daily and use yoga to help him sharpen his mind and regain control of his body . While Danielle is thrilled that Brian has improved to the point he no longer requires medications , she says on a GoFundMe page started for the cause that the couple is too strapped to pay for all the rehabilitative care Brian still requires . And insurance will no longer cover it . ` People with Traumatic Brain Injury need a lot of rehab , people continue to make improvements even 10 years after their injury , ' she writes . ` Insurance does n't pay for the amount of therapy they need so often times that person does n't reach their full potential . ' Thankfully , after just one month , the fundraiser has received some $ 11,000 in donations . As Brian continues to make great strides , most recently with his commitment to learning to walk the way he once did , he wants others to know how good they 've got it . ` People do n't realize how much they can actually do with their bodies , ' he said . ` They take it for granted . ' Improvements : Now Danielle says Brian is improving all the time and has gone from requiring 20 medications per day to requiring none .