A property tycoon has admitted damaging the historic mansion house which inspired one of Britain 's best-loved hymns by giving it a gaudy makeover . Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to All Things Bright and Beautiful . But he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling . Alterations : Kim Davies has admitted illegally altering Llanwenarth House by installing chandeliers and other gaudy modern touches . Bedroom : The master suite at Llanwenarth House , which is where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful . Glitzy : Davies installed a shiny mosaic bath in the house , and has now admitted breaking planning laws . He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house 's timber windows with modern ones . Davies , 60 , initially denied five charges under the Planning -LRB- Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas -RRB- Act 1990 . However , shortly before his trial was scheduled to start at Newport Crown Court he pleaded guilty to illegally altering Llanwenarth House , near Abergavenny in Monmouthshire . Davies ' lawyer George Carter-Stephenson QC said : ` My client accepts that he has got himself into a very difficult position by fighting this case . ` He now has accepted legal advice and has pleaded guilty to these offences and needs to do something positive to restore the house to the way it should be . He wants to put right what he has wrongly done to the house . ' Guilty : Davies , left , has changed his plea over the home where Mrs Alexander , right , once stayed as a guest . Historic : The Tudor house in the Brecon Beacons was bought for £ 657,000 in 2006 but later went on the market for £ 2.25 million . Modern : Davies ripped out the old kitchen and replaced it with one in a more fashionable style . Punishment : Davies could face a prison sentence for illegally altering the Tudor manor house , one of whose bedrooms is pictured . Davies also admitted offences relating to the property 's Coach House and its courtyard - such as tearing up old cobblestones and putting down new flagstone paving . The home was built in the late 16th century and was first listed in 1956 because of its national importance . Mrs Alexander - who also wrote Once in Royal David 's City - was staying there in 1848 when she penned her hymn of praise to the natural world and God 's role in creating it . The ` purple headed mountain ' in one verse of the song supposedly refers to the nearby Sugar Loaf and Blorenge peaks while the ` river running by ' is the River Usk , which flows close to the estate 's boundary . Restrictions : Planners prosecuted Davies when they saw the renovations , which cost more than £ 1million . Wood-panelled : But a string of more modern alterations have now led Davies into legal trouble . Flashy : Another view of the kitchen , which now looks more fitting for a mega-mansion in Los Angeles or Florida . Ornate : The wooden staircase leading to the luxurious and bejewelled bathroom at Llanwenarth House . Llanwenarth was owned for centuries by the famous Morgan family , ancestors of the navy admiral and privateer Sir Henry Morgan . Davies bought the house - described as an ` historical gem ' - for £ 675,000 in 2008 , and has spent more than £ 1million on renovating it over the past few years . In 2012 , the house was listed for sale with a £ 2.25 million price tag but it was not sold . Davies always admitted installing a new kitchen and bathrooms , but claimed the work falls outside the restrictions on listed buildings . The house is in the Brecon Beacons National Park and planning officials picked up on the alterations . Liquor storage : The kitchen now has a wine rack built in to the central ` island ' so its owner does not have to travel for a drink . Sumptuous : The four-poster bed in yet another bedroom , which is also kitted out with a shagpile carpet . Marble : The smaller bathroom has expensive counters and a window sill made of luxury stone . One villager said : ` From the photographs , the inside looks like a footballer 's wife monstrosity . ` This is n't the first time some lovely country house with loads of history have been modernised out of all context . ` The upstairs rooms appear to have retained some character but the kitchen , living rooms and bathrooms appear completely out of keeping . ' Davies will be sentenced next month . Penalties for changing a Grade II-listed Building without permission include a maximum 12-month prison sentence or an unlimited fine . Cecil Frances Alexander was a prolific writer of more than 400 poems , and several of them have become hymns which are famous across the world , including ` All Things Bright and Beautiful ' , and the Christmas hymn ` Once in Royal David 's City ' . She was born in Dublin and began writing verse in her childhood , being strongly influenced by Dr Walter Hook , Dean of Chichester . Her subsequent religious work was strongly influenced by her contacts with the Oxford Movement and in particular with John Keble , who edited one of her anthologies . Her husband , William Alexander , was the Bishop of Derry and Raphoe and later became the Archbishop of Armagh . He was also the last Church of Ireland bishop to take up a seat in the House of Lords .