Tim Bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with LV = County Championship holders Yorkshire could help him make a case for an England Test recall . Bresnan last played in the England whites during the 5-0 Ashes defeat in the winter of 2013/14 , though in recent months he enjoyed a pre-World Cup training session with the squad in Australia and also turned out for the England Lions on their tour of South Africa . More importantly perhaps , the double Ashes-winner helped end Yorkshire 's 13-year wait for a title last season , taking 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57 and making 95 against Nottinghamshire on the day the championship was clinched . Tim Bresnan is keen to give England 's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire . The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14 . With New Zealand and Australia still to come this year , the Headingley faithful 's belief of ` strong Yorkshire , strong England ' is already showing good signs with six White Rose players currently on tour in the West Indies . Bresnan says : ` The only thing I can do is get runs and take wickets for Yorkshire ' And when asked if he would like to make it number seven , Bresnan said , ` That 's up to the selectors . ' ` If I do get a load of wickets at the start of the season and get a few runs then I put my case forward , that 's all I can do - then it 's up to the selectors . ` Obviously , the only thing I can do is get runs and take wickets for Yorkshire . ` That 's what I 'm looking to do . Whatever happens after that we 'll just let it play out . ` We 're defending champions , so we 're going to do our utmost to defend the title . ` If we play the consistent cricket we did last year - which we are capable of - we 'll be there and thereabouts again . ' Bresnan did take a step towards that good start on Wednesday , when he reached 400 first-class wickets during Yorkshire 's game against Leeds-Bradford MCCU at Headingley . But regardless of his own selection , Bresnan is confident England can put in a good showing against New Zealand and Australia after a turbulent year that also included an early World Cup exit . ` I think we 'll do well , ' Bresnan said . ` I think they 've got all the talent . Yorkshire captain Andrew Gale celebrates as Yorkshire beat Notts to win the 2014 LV County Championship . Yorkshire go to Worcestershire on Apil 14 for the first match of their four-day title defence . ` They just need to start implementing it , start applying that talent and playing good attacking cricket . They are very capable of doing it . ' Bresnan did express his disappointment at England 's tour matches against St Kitts and Nevis , where some of the Three Lions side have padded up for the hosts in a bid to give the bowlers a higher-quality challenge . ` Obviously , they 've tried to make the best of a bad situation , ' he said . ` It 's very difficult when you go on tour and you do n't get decent opposition to practice games . ` But at the end of the day there 's nothing England can do about it . '