David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares if he wins the Election -- in what would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the Thatcher era . The Prime Minister will today pledge that if he is returned to Downing Street he will offer the public £ 4 billion of Lloyds shares still held by the Government after Gordon Brown 's £ 20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers ' money during the 2008 economic crisis . Individuals will be allowed to buy up to £ 10,000 worth of Lloyds Banking Group shares , which were worth 78.7 p when the stock market closed on Friday -- comfortably above the 73.6 p paid by Mr Brown 's government . Scroll down for video . David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares if he wins the Election . The shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time , with the proceeds used to help pay down the national debt . It is the latest ` retro ' Conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s , following Mr Cameron 's revival in the manifesto of the Thatcherite ` Right to Buy ' offer for housing association tenants . But while investors 30 years ago took overnight profits on their stakes in privatised companies such as British Gas and British Telecom -- leading critics to claim that it encouraged ` carpetbaggers ' -- Lloyds shareholders will be encouraged to hang on to their holding . A loyalty bonus will be offered of one free share for every ten held for at least a year after the sale , up to a maximum bonus value of £ 200 . The sale of Lloyds shares would be the biggest privatisation since the 1980s when Mrs Thatcher 's government sold £ 3.9 billion of BT shares and £ 5.6 billion of British Gas shares in the famous ` Tell Sid ' campaign . Thirty-three major companies were privatised under Mrs Thatcher between 1984 and 1991 , which supporters said led to a dramatic improvement in their efficiency and a boost to tax revenues for the Treasury . Like Right to Buy , it also helped to entrench Tory support among voters who benefited from the windfalls . No 10 strategists hope Mr Cameron 's pledge will remind voters of the economic problems that blighted the country under Mr Brown 's premiership . The recovery under Chancellor George Osborne has allowed him to sell £ 9 billion of shares in Lloyds to City investors for more than the price that former chancellor Alistair Darling paid in 2008 . CLAIM : Jesse Norman and the chocolate cake he allegedly gave out while campaigning for re-election . Police are investigating a Tory MP over claims he attempted to bribe voters with chocolate cake . Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an Asda supermarket in his Hereford constituency . West Mercia Police last night said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983 , which bans Election candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes . The probe follows would-be Ukip MP Kim Rose , who is standing in Southampton Itchen , being grilled by police for giving out sausage rolls at a party event earlier this year . Detectives are expected to speak to Mr Norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on April 2 . He described the allegations as ` nonsense ' , saying : ` We had a couple of small boxes of chocolate muffins ... we may have given out one or two to children , who are not even voters . ' There have been two sales to big pension funds and City institutions in 2013 and early in 2014 . Late last year , UK Financial Investments , the Treasury body that manages the Government stake , hired investment bank Morgan Stanley to sell a few million Lloyds shares in the market every day over a six month period -- a practice known as a ` dribble-out ' . The Government still owns £ 12.5 billion of Lloyds shares and experts expect £ 4 billion worth to be offered to the public , with the rest sold to City institutions . With the share price currently above 78p , the Tories will be able claim they have banked a profit running into billions for the taxpayer . However , while Lloyds has been a success story , the Government 's other big bank investment -- Royal Bank of Scotland -- has not . The Treasury under Mr Brown paid an average of 502p a share for RBS when it was rescued . They were changing hands on Friday for 349p . In Mr Cameron 's announcement today , he is expected to say : ` The £ 20 billion bailout of Lloyds Bank by the last Labour government became a symbol of the crisis that engulfed the British economy under Labour . After the public bailed it out , people feared they would n't see their money returned . Today they are . ` Today 's announcement marks another step in the long journey we have been making repairing our banks , turning our economy around and reducing our national debt , only made possible by our long-term economic plan . ` That 's why it is so important that we do n't put all that progress at risk , but instead build on what we 've done so we can deliver a brighter , more secure future for our country . ' COUNTRY LIFE : A ` beater ' at work and below , a bottle of Sipsmith Dry Gin . The Prime Minister indulged his love of country sports by taking part in a secret country shoot near his Oxfordshire constituency home . And he celebrated with a nip of a specially prepared ` Chipping Norton ' cocktail . But witnesses say that David Cameron did not himself use a gun -- despite his reputation as a skilled marksman . Instead , he acted as a ` beater ' to flush out the game . The event took place on New Year 's Eve but until now has been kept a closely guarded secret . It took place near Chipping Norton , the Oxfordshire town which has given its name to the ` Chipping Norton set ' of high-profile local residents from the world of politics , media and showbusiness such as Mr Cameron and Jeremy Clarkson . Last night , the man who served Mr Cameron the cocktail said other people on what he described as a ` country walk ' had no idea there would be a VIP guest . Jared Brown , master distiller at the West London ` artisanal ' gin company Sipsmith , said : ` No one but the landowner knew the Prime Minister would be joining us . ' He fought shy of describing the event as a shoot , but added : ` I can say with utter certainty that Mr Cameron did not handle a gun . ' Mr Brown confirmed , though , that the PM did sample the cocktail , based on Sipsmith London Dry Gin . Last night , the drink , also containing manuka honey , raspberry tea and extract of echinacea , was being dubbed the ` Chipping Norton cocktail ' .