Liverpool just edged past Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th Cup semi-final in the Anfield club 's illustrious history . Philippe Coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but Blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time . Sportsmail 's Oliver Todd rated the player 's performances at Ewood Park . BLACKBURN ROVERS : -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- . Eastwood 7 . Could do nothing to stop Philippe Coutinho 's winner but did well to deny Brazilian in the first half and even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time . Simon even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time after performing well in goal . Henley 7 . Solid at right back , he kept Raheem Sterling quieter than most full backs in the Barclays Premier League would . Restricted in going forward as he kept an eye on England star . Baptiste 8 . So often found in the way of Liverpool 's shots , even though he was suffering with a hamstring injury . Performed heroics at the back but could n't quite hold out before being substituted . Kilgallon 8 . Another solid performer , the skipper was unfazed by the challenge he faced from Daniel Sturridge and mainly restricted the England striker to potshots from range . Matt Kilgallon was another solid performer , the skipper was unfazed by the challenge of Daniel Sturridge . Olsson 7 . Could have gone down when under pressure inside the Liverpool area but his honesty was his own enemy . Solid at the back . Conway 6.5 . Industrious down the right but often restricted as he looked to double up on dangerous Sterling . Corry Evans is no stranger to a challenge , and he put himself about in midfield , replacing Jay Spearing . Evans 6.5 . No stranger to a challenge , put himself about in midfield after replacing cup-tied Jay Spearing . Booked for desperate challenge on Sterling . Williamson 7 . Tracked back really well and did his best to neutralise the threat of Coutinho . Could have given away a penalty in stoppage time for challenge on Joe Allen but referee made right decision . Marshall 7 . Creative force . Provided the ammo for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede as they looked to take advantage of an unfamiliar back-line . Unlucky to be denied by Simon Mignolet . Ben Marshall was unlucky to be denied when his header was saved by Simon Mignolet in the second half . Cairney 6.5 . Anonymous at times but then tested Mignolet from range as Rovers grew into the game early in the second half . Rhodes 6.5 . Subdued upfront and looked a poor replacement for Gestede who had impressed at Anfield . Missed with key header in the first half . Subs . Gestede 6.5 -LRB- for Conway 64 -RRB- . Came on to energise Blackburn as Liverpool took control but aside from one chance he showed a lack of match fitness , struggling with a hamstring problem . Spurr -LRB- for Baptiste 79 -RRB- . No time to make an impact but kept things together well . Rudy Gestede came on to energise Blackburn but aside from one chance he showed a lack of match fitness . LIVERPOOL : -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- . Mignolet 7.5 . Recovered well from his Emirates horror show . Save from Marshall on to the post in key moment . Simon Mignolet recovered well from his Emirates horror show . Saved from Marshall in key moment . Johnson 6 . Played on the right of a back four . Natural role for him and found chances to go forward but left gaps at times . Sakho 5.5 . Struggled from the start , looking uncomfortable on the ball and he picked up a hamstring problem . Substituted after losing out to Rhodes . Lovren 6.5 . Good return to the side , albeit against lower league opposition . Team selection on Saturday indicated he was fifth choice but Anfield career not necessarily over . Moreno 6 . Comfortable evening on the whole with Blackburn lacklustre down the right . Little to do . Alberto Moreno had a comfortable evening on the whole with Blackburn lacklustre down the right . Little to do . Lucas 6 . Provided a solid base in midfield and moved the ball around well but not much penetration as Liverpool toiled in first half . Allen 5.5 . Similar to Lucas , could n't provide impetus where it was needed , though . May have handled in own area and later appeared to go down easily for late penalty shout . Coutinho 8 . The star man in Liverpool 's midfield again , and his goal sends them to Wembley . Clever move to find way to break Blackburn down . Philippe Coutinho was the star man in Liverpool 's midfield again , and his goal sends them to Wembley . Henderson 6.5 . His one-two with Coutinho set up the winner but his deliveries from dead-balls left much to be required at times . Sterling 6.5 . One of Liverpool 's main threats as usual , playing down the left at Ewood Park . Impact blunted as Blackburn doubled up . Booked . Sturridge 5 . He 's not back at his best yet and it showed . Seemed uneasy in taking on defenders at times and was restricted to shots from distance . Daniel Sturridge is not back at his best yet and it showed . He seemed uneasy in taking on defenders at times . Subs . Toure 7.5 -LRB- for Sakho 26 -RRB- . Solid in defence with Lovren , he ably deputised when Liverpool had to reshuffle early on and dealt with Gestede and Rhodes . Lambert -LRB- for Sturridge 85 -RRB- . No time . Headed first touch wide . REFEREE : . Kevin Friend 7 . Did all that could be expected of him . Missed Allen handball shout after Ben Marshall 's header but that would have been harsh . Ignored penalty shout from same player in stoppage time . MAN OF THE MATCH : . Philippe Coutinho . A mercurial performance topped off with an excellent goal to decide the game . He knows how to make the difference in big moments for his club and Liverpool benefited from that again . Coutinho 's shot finds the corner to decide the game at Ewood Park after a lack of clear-cut chances .