Luke Shaw thought he had done OK as he walked off the Old Trafford pitch at half-time during Manchester United 's FA Cup tie against Arsenal last month . Steady , nothing special , but he felt invigorated all the same . The score was 1-1 and Shaw , returning to the team for the first time since United 's defeat at Swansea City in February , had kept Arsenal flyer Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain reasonably quiet . Shaw was growing into that famous red shirt , getting stronger down the left flank as this fiery sixth-round tie against Arsene Wenger 's team wore on . Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup but he was substituted at half time . Louis van Gaal substituted the £ 28million defender , telling Shaw that he was not fit enough to play for United . Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad as he struggles at United . Shaw 's stats for the season show how he has struggled to hold down a regular place at left back with United . What happened next will ultimately shape his career as a United player . Louis van Gaal substituted the £ 28million defender , telling Shaw that he was not fit enough to play for United , and replaced him with Phil Jones for the second half . Arsenal went on to win 2-1 and getting dragged off at half-time was another blow to Shaw 's fragile self-esteem . He has not played since , withdrawn by Van Gaal from the England squad for games against Lithuania and Italy because of question marks over his fitness . His position at United has been taken by Daley Blind , shuffled across from the centre of midfield as United went on a winning run against Tottenham , Aston Villa , Liverpool and Manchester City . Shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life , turning to United 's psychologist to declutter his mind and reboot just nine months into his career at Old Trafford . Shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life and has turned to United 's psychologist of late . Shaw had kept Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain reasonably quiet in the FA Cup clash but Van Gaal was unimpressed . There are serious concerns , particularly because his parents have spoken to the club about a lack of structure and support for their teenage son . They have every right to do so . Cash is king in football and we sometimes forget to look beyond the £ 28m fee United paid Southampton -LRB- £ 15m up front -RRB- and a five-year contract worth an eye-watering £ 90,000 a week . Shaw was 19 in July , returning from England 's disastrous World Cup in Brazil , where he started the final group game against Costa Rica , to meet up with his new United team-mates . Initially he lived in the Lowry Hotel , joined by his parents as he began a period of adaptation in a new city . He has since moved into a house in the suburbs . Earlier this week he hinted at some of the difficulties he has faced , awarding himself a C minus for his first season during an interview with Match of the Day magazine . At United , Shaw has found a manager in Van Gaal who has very specific and exacting demands of his players . Van Gaal has led United up the table and they crowned the recent good form with a win over Manchester City . He was assigned a dietitian and given nutritional advice as he adjusted to life as the most expensive teenage footballer in the history of the game . At Southampton he had been ordered to eschew the glasses of cola and sticky food , told to mature into his physique as he grew into a man 's body . He needs discipline and constant , caring reminders from the coaches . Those close to him explain that Shaw needs pastoral advice , that he responds positively when he feels close to the coaches and playing staff . At the age of 16 , when Chelsea made an official offer for Shaw in his breakthrough season at Saints , his head was so scrambled by the prospect of joining his boyhood team that he had to be taken out of the Southampton line-up . In the dog-eat-dog world of United , where it is a constant fight for survival after last season 's disappointing finish , he has yet to establish those strong bonds . Last season he often spent time in Mauricio Pochettino 's office after training , sitting with the former Southampton manager as they discussed different areas of their lives . Mauricio Pochettino spent a lot of time with Shaw to help make him feel at home at Southampton last season . Pochettino teased the best out of a player who went on to make his England debut at the age of 18 . The club worked out that he was travelling back to his parents ' home near Cobham , Surrey , by monitoring his Twitter account and looking at the times he posted messages on social media . With Pochettino there was a real , almost paternal warmth to their relationship as the manager teased the best out of a player who went on to make his England debut at the age of 18 . To put Shaw 's extraordinary rise into perspective , Kenny Sansom , perhaps England 's classiest and finest left back , had to wait until he was 20 to make his debut for the national team . Shaw 's life has changed , moving away from the bosom of his family in Surrey for the demands and challenges at a club where the spotlight is intense . He is a sensitive young man . It had been hoped that Van Gaal would show some patience with Shaw when his appointment at United was confirmed , particularly after his Champions League success at Ajax in 1995 . Marc Overmars -LRB- 22 -RRB- , Michael Reiziger -LRB- 22 -RRB- and Clarence Seedorf -LRB- 19 -RRB- all started the 1-0 victory over Milan in the final in Vienna , with striker Patrick Kluivert -LRB- 18 -RRB- named on the bench . Van Gaal 's Champions League success at Ajax in 1995 saw him include young players in his starting XI . At the 2014 World Cup with Holland , Van Gaal had notable success with 20-year-old Memphis Depay . More recently , at the 2014 World Cup with Holland , Van Gaal had notable success with 20-year-old Memphis Depay , who was named on the three-man shortlist for the best young player at the tournament . But what Shaw found at United was a manager who has very specific and exacting demands . Before Van Gaal conceded defeat and reverted to a back four , Shaw had been playing in the unfamiliar role of wing back . The transition has many similar characteristics to Gareth Bale 's first couple of seasons with Spurs . Both are real home boys . Shaw 's position at United has been taken by Daley Blind , shuffled across from the centre of midfield . The former Southampton man is learning to deal with the attention at one of the biggest football clubs around . Shaw longs for the days when he could stay behind after training with Pochettino , where the Argentinian coach would team up with one of the other young players for a light-hearted game of head tennis . It was at Southampton , under the guidance of Pochettino and the former executive chairman Nicola Cortese , where Shaw 's career flourished . The well-being of the boy was top priority . He is a United player now , learning to deal with the attention at one of the biggest football clubs in the world . At such a young age , he needs all the help he can get .