Nearly 500 British holidaymakers were stranded overnight on an impounded cruise ship in Lisbon harbour after its owners were served with a summons for an allegedly unpaid debt . The passengers coming towards the end of a 15 night cruise became the unwitting pawns in a legal wrangle between a former crew member and the owners of the MV Azores . The ship had been set to leave Lisbon at 7 pm on Tuesday night with its 489 passengers heading back to Bristol Avonmouth after a round-trip tour that took in La Coruna in Spain , the Azores , and Madeira . But that was scuppered when lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle . The harbour master then refused to let the ship leave for Bristol . Scroll down for video . Stranded : 489 British holidaymakers were stuck in Lisbon on the MV Azores -LRB- file photo -RRB- overnight after its owners were served with a summons for an allegedly unpaid debt . Stuck : They were due to leave Lisbon for Bristol at 7 pm on Tuesday but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle . The ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages . But the legal dispute was between owners Portuscale Cruise - from which they were chartering the vessel - and one of that company 's former staff . The UK cruise firm , which had nothing to do with the financial wrangle , eventually came to an arrangement with Portugese authorities which allowed the ship to sail - 19 hours late - at 2 pm Wednesday . It said passengers were kept informed throughout , helped with onward travel arrangements affected by the delay , and given access to a complimentary bar . One stricken passenger sent a text to a relative telling him : ` Ca n't believe we 're stuck in Lisbon , Portugal . ` Our ship has been impounded due to an historical incident which basically means an unpaid debt . ' The Madeira-registered 16,144-tonne , 525ft-long MV Azores was built in 1946 . It has eight passenger decks and room for 550 passengers in its 227 cabins . Prices for the cruise range from £ 779 per person for a standard twin inner-cabin , to £ 4,159 per person for the owner 's suite with an ocean view . The average price for the majority of cabins is priced at £ 1,500 per person . Cruise & Maritime Voyages 's commercial director Chris Coates said : ` The delay of the MV Azores overnight in Lisbon related to a historic local issue with the vessel 's owning company , Portuscale Cruises from whom Cruise & Maritime Voyages charter the ship using our own crew . Wrangle : The legal dispute was between owners Portuscale Cruise - from which they were chartering the vessel -LRB- file photo -RRB- - and one of that company 's former staff . Going nowhere : The harbour master then refused to let the ship leave the port and passengers eventually arrived back in the UK 19 hours late . ` This dispute involved a previous crewing issue going back to 2014 and was settled first thing this morning . ` But we had to wait for the clearance documentation to be signed off by the local authorities . The ship is now heading en-route back to the UK . ' He added : ` On behalf of Cruise & Maritime Voyages , I would like to extend our sincere apologises for the delay and any disruption caused . ' Coates said his company , set up in 2010 , carries more than 100,000 ocean and river cruise passengers a year and had ` never experienced a delay of this nature before ' . Luxurious : The average price for the majority of cabins on the MV Azores is priced at £ 1,500 per person . The firm 's online brochure says of the MV Azores : ` With her handsome profile and a traditional walk around promenade deck , the 16,144 grt Portuguese registered Azores is a classic beautifully restored ocean going cruise ship carrying just 550 guests and offers a wide selection of very well appointed and comfortable public lounges and cabin accommodation spanning eight passenger decks serviced by two lifts . ' It features a choice of five comfortable lounges and bars including the Calypso main show lounge , plus a nightclub , cinema , casino , shopping boutique , photo shop , library , card and bridge room , fitness and health centre with sauna and massage facilities , an unheated outdoor swimming pool and a marbled reception area . Most cabins enjoy an ocean view and all the private en-suite cabins have a bath with shower , a hairdryer and personal safe , a TV for movies and news and information channels and a fridge with a mini bar facility .