Sweet life : The Duchess of Cornwall . The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey , produced in late spring by the bees in her Wiltshire garden . Just 250 jars are being produced , at £ 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity . But Camilla 's venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey . Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year . Does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag , though ? And how does Camilla 's honey fare against some of its exclusive rivals -- including her husband 's Duchy brand ? We tested the best-selling gourmet honeys to find out ... Duchess of Cornwall Honey . £ 20 for 227g , Fortnum & Mason . PROMISE : The Duchess 's late-spring honey is made from ` delicately perfumed nectar with subtle hints of chamomile ' and billed as ` the ideal accompaniment to ice cream on hot summer days , or for sweetening tea ' . All proceeds go to the Medical Detection Dogs charity , of which the Duchess is patron . VERDICT : This tastefully packaged little jar , decorated with a pretty drawing of a pink flower and bee , has a handwritten number on the back . It contains a clear , golden , liquid honey , and when I open the jar a delicate smell of flowers greets my nostrils . When you ooze it over buttered bread , it 's impossible to stop eating . Delicate , delicious and the perfect gift for any honey-lover . A royal winner . 5/5 . Royal winner : Camilla 's honey is made from ` delicately perfumed nectar with subtle hints of chamomile ' Duchy Originals Scottish Heather Honey . £ 5.10 for 227g , Waitrose . PROMISE : Heathers growing on the Crown Estate in Balmoral produce the nectar for this honey . Beekeepers prize heather honey for its unique taste , and this is a combination of two types of heather , Bell and Ling . VERDICT : Open the jar and just smell the heather aroma before you taste this golden delight . Camilla may have set the bar high but Prince Charles 's answer is also rather beautiful and rare . It has a thick , velvety , sugary texture and a strong but fabulous taste . 3/5 . Duchy Originals Scottish Heather Honey has a thick , velvety , sugary texture and a strong but fabulous taste . Wedderspoon Gold Organic Rata Honey . £ 14.95 for 325g , wedderspoon.co.uk . PROMISE : Wild Rata trees grow on high land in New Zealand . They flower sporadically , so the nectar is extremely rare . The honey is kept at a low temperature -- the same as that of a beehive -- to preserve natural enzymes , antioxidants , vitamins and minerals . VERDICT : Did you ever think honey could taste like a Christmas tree ? Take one gulp of this delicious amber nectar and , seconds later , a subtle taste of pines will dance on your tongue . This creamy , firm-set honey scooped a place in the top 50 products -LRB- out of 10,000 -RRB- in the ` food Oscars ' , the Great Taste Awards . Now I 've tried it , that comes as no surprise . 4/5 . Wedderspoon Gold Organic Rata Honey scooped a place in the top 50 products in the ` food Oscars ' Tregothnan Cornish Floral Manuka . £ 29.95 for 113g , tregothnan.co.uk . PROMISE : Although manuka is generally expensive , this is a more normal-tasting version and Britain 's costliest home-grown honey . Most manuka plants grow in New Zealand but bushes have been growing , hidden behind a garden wall , on the Tregothnan estate in Cornwall since 1880 . Bees on the estate feast on these plants as well as on flowers in the deer park and gardens and produce honey in state-of-the-art , six-foot hives , which cost £ 5,000 each . There is only a limited supply made , hence the hefty price tag . VERDICT : This honey is so rare it is sold in very small jars , so every teaspoon is expensive . Yet it sells out fast each year and has a cult following among honey fans . The jar opens to reveal a light , cream-coloured honey with an almost-white crust . Dip your spoon in to discover solid , set honey which tastes like crystallised sugar . I used a small teaspoon on each dessert for a dinner party and my guests raved about it . A treat for anyone with a sweet tooth . 4/5 . Tregothnan Cornish Floral Manuka honey is so rare it is sold in very small jars , so every spoonful is pricey . Vasilissa Greek Honey with Edible Gold Leaf . £ 39.99 for 250g , selfridges.co.uk . PROMISE : Produced by hand on a small family farm on the island of Evia , this honey is trickled with 24-carat edible gold to make it the ultimate in food bling . The small gold flakes are added to honey made from thyme blossom , infusing it with the flavour of the herb . Greek honey is said to be among the best in the world , thanks to the aroma of mountain herbs and flowers , long sunny days and ancient , organic production methods . VERDICT : The shimmering flecks make this an indulgent gift for any honey-lover . It looks so good , I do n't know whether to open the jar or use it as a paperweight . The beautiful white packaging makes it feel extra-special , and when I unscrew the lid the deep aroma is like a glorious perfume . Inside is a smooth , dark-gold honey that tastes like treacle . The experts who hand-make it say the flavour changes subtly each year ; they can recognise each one like wine experts identifying a vintage . Tasting this , I can see why they call honey the food of the gods . 5/5 . Vasilissa Greek Honey is trickled with 24-carat edible gold to make it the ultimate in food bling . Alemany Rosemary Honey . £ 7.95 for 500g , souschef.co.uk . PROMISE : This is made by a small producer in northern Spain , still using the same traditional methods after five generations . The nectar comes from rosemary bushes that grow at the foot of the Montsec mountains , and the resulting herb-infused honey has a high iron content . It is said to be particularly good for the digestion , and as an aid to relaxation . VERDICT : This is the honey equivalent of a soft-boiled egg . Dip your spoon in for oozing , runny honey in the middle , but enjoy the crunch of the pale , crystallised honey at the sides . It 's very mild -- there is no strong aroma and the rosemary flavour is so delicate that you notice it only after several mouthfuls . It does gives a rather surprising aftertaste , though . This is my daughter Ruby 's favourite honey -- she describes it as the best of both worlds , for its double consistency . 4/5 . Alemany Rosemary Honey uses nectar from rosemary bushes that grow at the foot of the Montsec mountains . Welsh Chunk Honeycomb Amphora . £ 21 for 908g , Fortnum & Mason . PROMISE : Clear Welsh honey with a gentle fruity flavour . The delicate honeycomb adds a crumbly texture . Gathered by bees from the wildflowers of meadows and hedgerows in mid-Wales . VERDICT : This looks impressive -- a huge glass jar with golden , syrupy honey and a huge , striking honeycomb in the middle , sparkling like a jewel . The Fortnum & Mason label adds to the impression of real quality . What a disappointment , then , to bite into the honeycomb and find that it tastes of earwax . The chewy mass is like old gum . I spit it out -- as does my honey-loving son Charlie , who says it tastes no different from the supermarket own-brand honey we usually buy . Proof that paying more does n't always guarantee a pot of gold . 1/5 . Heather Honeycomb Starflower Honey . £ 19.99 for 227g , selfridges.co.uk . PROMISE : The starflower is another name for the borage plant -LRB- which sounds much less exotic -RRB- . But this herbal flower is rich in calcium , vitamin C and potassium . It is used to strengthen adrenal functions , and its oils are prescribed to treat skin diseases . This light and delicate honey comes from Hampshire , and includes heather honeycomb with a hint of herb flavour . VERDICT : You ca n't see the chunky honeycomb until you open the lid , because the pale honey that surrounds it is n't transparent . I 've never liked the texture of honeycomb myself , but bite into this and breakfast will never be the same again . It crumbles delightfully in the mouth , while the light honey -LRB- not quite runny but not totally set -RRB- unleashes a real taste of the countryside . The jar , with its bright yellow ribbon and artisan label , gives this a real sense of occasion . 4/5 . Heather Honeycomb Starflower Honey crumbles delightfully in the mouth , while the light honey unleashes a real taste of the countryside . Chestnut Honey . £ 6.95 for 500g , souschef.co.uk . PROMISE : A dark , runny honey with a rich , nutty taste and smoky aromas . This is formed from the flowers of the chestnut tree , so it has a slightly bitter , savoury aftertaste . A favourite among chefs , who claim that it adds instant depth to dishes . VERDICT : After tasting so many sweet honeys , this one came as a total shock . A dark brown , treacle-tasting honey , it has a wonderful , unmistakable chestnut aroma . My children did n't like it at all , but I teamed it with cheese and biscuits to serve after a dinner party and the combination was a winner . Perfect if you want something completely different . 3/5 . Chestnut Honey is a dark , runny honey with a rich , nutty taste and smoky aromas .