Real Madrid are keeping tabs on Liverpool contract rebel Raheem Sterling . Bernabeu legend Zinedine Zidane , now managing the Spanish giants ' Castilla B-Team but long tipped for the No 1 role , insists the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad . Sterling would certainly fit the bill . The England winger , who has netted six times in the Premier League this season , is at loggerheads with the Anfield hierarchy over a new deal . Zinedine Zidane has revealed La Liga giants Real Madrid are keen on signing Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling . Zidane -LRB- left , pictured with Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti -RRB- has said Real are monitoring Sterling . Liverpool starlet Sterling has rejected an offer of £ 100,000 a week to extend his stay at Anfield . He rejected the most recent offer of £ 100,000 a week and has attracted interest from Liverpool 's Premier League rivals Manchester City and Chelsea . But Zidane has revealed that the European Champions are also after Sterling , pointing to recent Real captures like Gareth Bale and Raphael Varane as proof of their commitment to snapping up the continent 's premier young talent . ` We know who Raheem Sterling is , and of course we are monitoring him as a player , ' Zidane said . ` There are very few players in the world who can improve the Real Madrid squad , so it is going to make sense we monitor the progress of the best young players in the world . ` We monitored Bale for over a year , the same with Isco and also Varane . ` We monitor many of the best young players in Europe , then if we feel they have something to offer Real Madrid we will contact their club and try and make the next step . ' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has admitted Liverpool may struggle to attract top players . Real Madrid have the splashed the cash on the likes of Gareth Bale and Raphael Varane in recent years . La Liga giants broke the world transfer record in August 2013 by forking out £ 86million on Bale . Sterling 's boss Brendan Rodgers admitted after his side 's dismal 4-1 defeat at Arsenal that Liverpool will have trouble attracting top players without Champions League football . He said : ` It makes it difficult , there 's no doubt about that . Most players want to be in the Champions League . They want to play at the top level of the game and if you 're not in the Champions League it makes it difficult for you . We know that . ` It 's going to be a little like this until we become more stable . We 've got young players who are growing , getting more experience and then hopefully there will be a period where we qualify again . We want to be in the Champions League . That 's important and it is key for us . ` It 's highly unlikely this year . But Liverpool is a great club . I said that before I came into it . It 's a phenomenal club that players want to play for . '