It 's good to be Taylor Swift -- and for 21-year-old Elizabeth Scarborough , it 's good to look like Taylor Swift , too , particularly as the University of South Carolina student has been built a career on impersonating the superstar singer . Of course , it 's not just her strikingly similar resemblance to 25-year-old Taylor that 's helped Elizabeth book private appearances and live concerts where she performs the Shake it Off singer 's greatest hits ; the Charleston , South Carolina , native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike . ` I first became a fan of her music , and it was n't until , like , five or six years later when I realized , hey , I could really market this , ' she says . Scroll down for video . Similar superfan : Elizabeth Scarborough , 21 , impersonates Taylor Swift when she 's not attending school in South Carolina . Before embarking on a career impersonating Taylor six years ago , Elizabeth was just a big fan of the star -- until classmates at her all-girls school began telling her she looked like the Grammy winner . After Taylor 's second album , Fearless , came out when Elizabeth was 15 , the student asked her older brother to teach her how to play Love Story -- a relatively simple song with only four chords . With looks and musical ability now in her arsenal , Elizabeth was able to start making money as a tribute artist . ` I started to hear the rumor , `` Taylor Swift goes to our school '' , and moms would hire me out for birthday parties , ' she told Good Morning Carolinas , and explained that early gigs would earn her about $ 30 . ` I 'd come , sing a few songs , and wear a sparkly dress and they loved it , ' she told USA Today . Flattering immitation : Elizabeth started to learn to play Taylor 's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star . Copycat performer : Not only has Elizabeth , left , learned to sing and play music by Taylor , right , on the guitar , but she has also practiced copying the singer 's facial expressions and way of speaking . Eventually Elizabeth learned Taylor 's entire musical catalog , started designing corresponding costumes , and even studied the singer 's mannerisms to improve her impersonations . She still works at parties and even nursing homes , but now her biggest gig is performing with Legends in Concert , a concert series that includes artists impersonating the likes of Whitney Houston , Britney Spears , and Tim McGraw . Last summer , Elizabeth performed with Legends in Concert for two month in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , and when she graduates from college in May she 'll go on tour with the show , starting in Branson , Missouri and ending in Las Vegas , Nevada . ' -LSB- I 'm -RSB- so excited to start designing outfits and song lists for future shows -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' she recently said on her Instagram account . Parallel careers : As Taylor releases new music and debuts new costumes on tour , Elizabeth adds new elements to her own impersonations . And while she looks forward to Taylor 's new material first and foremost as a fan , the Blank Space singer 's growing and evolving career also means Elizabeth gets to have more fun with her own career . ` I think she 's breaking boundaries and creating new genres , ' she said . ` That gives me the opportunity as a tribute artist to do a lot of different things . ' This is n't the first time that one of Taylor 's lookalikes has come forward . Last month , the singer herself discovered another doppelganger online , posting a picture of her ` twin ' , Arizona resident Morgan Jensen , on Tumblr , while commenting : ` Lol I thought that was me . '