Aiming high : Nigel Farage visits an Army veterans ' centre near Sandwich in Kent today . Nigel Farage last night held out an olive branch to David Cameron as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government . The Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they can not win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister . And in the strongest hint yet that they could work together , Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal . In a direct appeal to Tory voters , Mr Farage said he believed many were in ` their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation . Mr Farage also revealed that he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements . Yesterday , as he launched his party 's manifesto , Mr Farage called on Mr Cameron to join with him to lock Ed Miliband and the SNP 's Alex Salmond out of Downing Street . Ukip has reduced its list of targets to just ten seats as it has been squeezed in the polls , but Mr Farage believes in seats such as Great Grimsby and Dudley North it has a better chance than the Tories at snatching them from Labour . Asked if it was time that Conservative supporters realised that Ukip could help them stop a Labour government , Mr Farage said they needed to vote tactically . He said : ` One of the things I have completely failed to understand is how the Conservatives would want to say vote Ukip get Labour in constituencies like Grimsby and Rotherham and Dudley North and all those Labour seats in which we are the challenger . I just do n't understand it . ' He warned that a Labour-led government backed up by the SNP ` would not be a very good thing for the country ' . Asked if he and Mr Cameron could ` lock out ' Mr Miliband and Mr Salmond from Downing Street , he replied : ` Well if that were possible then we would try and do that . ' Farage looks at items being made in the wood craft room as he meets veterans and staff during a visit to the Futures for Heroes centre in Kent . The Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they can not win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister . Farage shakes hands with Andrew Ferris , a former soldier with the Princess of Wale 's Royal Regiment . Mr Farage previously said that Mr Cameron would need to step down as Tory leader before he could do any sort of post-election deal . But yesterday he said there would be no problem working with Mr Cameron personally . Mr Farage revealed he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements . He said : ` Albeit reluctantly , David Cameron has been forced into making a pledge on a referendum . There are circumstances in which we could do a deal with him but the referendum has got to be a proper one and not in 2017 . ' Mr Cameron a fortnight ago urged Conservative supporters who have defected to Ukip to ` come home ' and pleaded with them not to use their vote in the General Election as a ` protest ' . Yesterday asked what his message was to Tory voters , Mr Farage called on them to work with him to bring forward the referendum Mr Cameron has promised on EU membership by 2017 . He made a reference to comments by Jean-Claude Juncker , the European Commission President , that any meaningful renegotiation would not be possible until 2019 . He said : ` I 've said from the start there is no re-negotiation of any value whatsoever and it would appear that my old mate Mr Juncker is backing that up . ` The idea that we would need to wait for two or more years for a referendum is not something that I find acceptable . ' Mr Farage said he would also want the Tories to match his commitment to Nato 's target of spending 2 per cent of national income on defence . He admitted that he had already been involved in ` informal ' discussions with those in other parties about possible deals . As well as an early referendum on withdrawal from the EU , the Ukip manifesto promised a radical reduction in immigration , increased spending on defence and an £ 18billion tax giveaway . A journalist was heckled at UKIP 'S manifesto launch after he asked why there was only one black person in the policy document . The party 's supporters jeered at the reporter as he noted there were 27 white people pictured , but only one non-white person in the 76-page manifesto . A black woman is shown with Ukip 's overseas aid spokesman Nathan Gill in a section setting out how the party would cut up to £ 11billion a year from the foreign aid budget . The reporter asked Mr Farage : ` Are you happy the only black face is on the overseas aid page ? ' Mr Farage did not answer as Ukip supporters jeered . A group of black and Asian party activists were then cheered as they stood up in the middle of the event . A journalist who asked about Mr Farage 's remarks on stopping foreigners with HIV entering the UK for treatment was also heckled .