A merry widow from Edinburgh who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents . Pat Ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers . In comparison , the retired hairdresser , prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours . Pat , 69 , pictured left in her police woman fancy dress outfit , enjoys pole dancing with friend Julia , 67 , right . ` I really enjoy myself , I party hard , ' she admitted on the Channel 5 show OAPs Behaving Badly . ` I have heard of the saying `` grow old gracefully '' but I do n't understand it . ' Grandmother-of-three Pat lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis . Now she 's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left . She said : ` I have cared for people all my life . I do n't want to look after someone full-time again , I want to look after me now . ` Whatever time I have left I am going to party and love it till I die . ' Pat in another of her risque outfits gets to grips with an Elvis impersonator in Menorca . While Pat likes to hit the town at night , during the day she hits the gym and also enjoys pole-dancing lessons . Thanks to keeping fit and active , she says she feels confident about her appearance as she nears 70 and as a result , she is happy to show off her body in a number of ` kinky ' outfits . Her wardrobe includes a risque fancy dress police woman look , air hostess and French Maid outfits , as well as a leather jumpsuit , and she teams them all with stilettos . She said : ` I like to dress sexy , if I ca n't walk in high heels , I wo n't go outside . I just like to have fun and feel good in whatever I wear . ` For my age I do n't have a bad body . I can walk into a room and I still turn heads and I like that . ' Pat , pictured again with the Elvis impersonator , loves to party and stay out dancing on tables . Far from being embarrassed by their party pensioner grandparent , Pat 's family think she 's great fun and love it if she joins them on nights out . Her granddaughter , Paris , 20 , said : ` She stays out till 1 am dancing on the tables , it 's not embarrassing , I do n't think `` my nanna should n't do that '' , it 's cool . ' Pat is n't alone in her desire to party . She has a partner in crime in her friend Julia Church , 67 , who now lives in Menorca . Julia , also a retired hairdresser , moved to the Spanish island with her husband and now parties with her fellow British expats following his death seven years ago . Pat regularly visits her and the pair get glammed up for nights out where they drink and dance the night away . Pat on a night out with Julia , left , who says ` we 'll just keep going till we fall to bits ' The friends often party all night in Menorca where Julia now lives . Julia said : ` You ca n't judge others like us , we 're not normal , we 're crazy . Being 67 or 27 it does n't make any difference , we 're exactly the same . ` I do n't like the thought of getting old , we 'll just keep going till we fall to bits . There 's no point worrying about it , you 'll make yourself depressed . ' Pat has been single for years following the death of her husband and said she has dated some younger men - including a man in his 40s who was younger than her 49-year-old son . But now she 's found happiness with Colin , 66 . She said : ` We have a fantastic time together , we have good sex , we enjoy each others ' company . ` I realised how much I missed that , having someone to care for me and protect me and treat me like a lady . ' Julia shows off her pole dancing skills . She admits : ` I do n't like the thought of getting old ' OAPs Behaving Badly is on Channel 5 Wednesdays at 9 pm .