Ed Miliband has dismissed claims he would be held to ransom by the SNP as Prime Minister -- insisting ` that ai n't going to happen ' . The Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in Number 10 . It comes after the Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this morning said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP -- and laid out what the party must do to get it . Scroll down for video . The Labour leader - interviewed by the BBC 's Evan Davis - insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in Number 10 . Unveiling the party 's manifesto in Edinburgh , Ms Sturgeon demanded an end to government cuts , higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a Labour government . But speaking to the BBC tonight , Mr Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be ` calling the shots ' if Labour did not have a majority . The Labour leader : ` That ai n't gon na happen . That ai n't gon na happen . ' Ed Miliband has dismissed claims he would be held to ransom by the SNP as Prime Minister -- insisting ` that ai n't going to happen ' Mr Miliband 's remarks come after the Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this morning said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP -- and laid out what the party must do to get it . Ed Miliband refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees . The Labour leader confidently predicted that austerity would see unemployment soar , crime rise and the number of poor students going to university fall . But , in each case , the opposite has happened . Mr Miliband was challenged over Mr Balls ' comment four years ago that it was fantasy to think we 'd get job growth with all the cuts being made in the public sector . In fact , presenter Evan Davis pointed out that the number of jobs has increased by around two million -- ` about a thousand a day ' . After at first not answering the question , the Labour leader was forced to accept : ` The number of jobs has gone up . ' On crime , Mr Davis quoted shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper who said earlier this Parliament that the cuts are ` risking public safety and the fight against crime ' . When asked what had happened to crime , Mr Miliband eventually replied : ` Certain areas of crime have gone down ; certain areas of crime have gone up . ' In fact , Mr Davies pointed out , the crime survey of England and Wales showed it was at its lowest level since 1981 . The presenter then moved on to the hike in tuition fees , quoting Chuka Umunna saying in 2010 : ` How can these proposals do other than deter people from poor backgrounds from going to university ? ' In fact , the number has increased by around a third , Mr Davis said . Following repeated questioning , he admitted : ` There are some -- there are some more people going to university from different backgrounds . ' He said his party 's judgement had not been wrong on the issue , saying : ` No , it was n't . ' But Mr Davis asked : ` On issues about jobs , crime , social mobility , comments , predictions made by people in your team turn out to have been wrong . These are important areas . ` These are not minor quibbles are they ? These are huge issues that have had a large part to play in the last five years . ' The Labour leader replied : ` I do n't think that 's a judgement that people are going to make at the election . ' When asked whether the SNP would be able to tell Labour which measures it could introduce he replied : ` They 're not going to tell us , they 're not going to tell us . Look , I 'm very clear about that . ' He refused to say whether the party with the largest number of seats should get first chance to form a government . It comes amid a flurry of polls suggesting that the Tories will finish as the largest party , but fall short of having enough MPs -- even with Lib Dem support -- to form a Coalition government . This would leave the Labour Party in pole position to try to form a minority government with the support of the SNP . Mr Miliband , speaking to the BBC 's Evan Davis tonight , refused to be drawn on the what he would do in the event of another hung parliament where no party has enough MPs to form a majority on its own . He said : ` I 'm not going to get into post election speculation . ' He added : It 's for people in the House of Commons to decide how they vote on measures put before the House of Common and that will be the case after the election . ' In the interview Mr Miliband also took ` full responsibility ' for Labour 's poor polling in Scotland -- with experts predicting that the party is on course to lose 40 MPs north of the border . Mr Miliband also refused to say how much a Labour-led government would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament . He said : ` The way you get credibility is not by picking out an arbitrary number today in six years ' time . ' But the Labour leader insisted he did not agree with Ms Sturgeon who has called for increases in government spending and an end to cuts regardless of the deficit . It came after Ms Sturgeon released her ` ransom note ' of policies which she would demand in exchange for putting Mr Miliband in power . The SNP and Labour manifestos both commit to re-introducing the 50p top rate of tax , scrapping the bedroom tax and beefing up the energy regulator to drive down family bills . Ms Sturgeon also pledged to help Labour reduce tuition fees by £ 3,000 to £ 6,000 a year -- even though Scotland has already scrapped student fees . However , at least one big stumbling block remains to a deal between the two parties -- Britain 's nuclear deterrent . Ms Sturgeon re-stated the SNP 's opposition to renewing Trident . The manifesto states : ` A vote for the SNP is a vote to halt progress on Trident renewal , delivering a saving of £ 100 billion over the next 35 years . ' However , Labour have pledged not to make any deal over nuclear weapons and are committed to maintaining a ` minimum , credible , independent nuclear capability ' . The Tories said the SNP manifesto was Mr Sturgeon 's ` ransom note ' to Labour and would result in higher government borrowing and tax increases in England . A spokesman pointed to the SNP manifesto commitment to increase spending . Unveiling the party 's manifesto in Edinburgh , Ms Sturgeon demanded an end to government cuts , higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a Labour government . Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this morning said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP -- and laid out what the party must do to get it . The manifesto states : ` SNP MPs will demand an end to austerity . We oppose further spending cuts and propose modest spending increases - of 0.5 per cent above inflation - in each year of the next Parliament . Under our plan , the deficit will still reduce each year , but there will be at least an additional £ 140 billion across the UK . ' The Tories said this meant £ 148 billion in extra government borrowing and insisted Labour would have to bow down to the SNP demands to stay in power . Former Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond has insisted Scotland can ` call the tune ' in the next Parliament . In last week 's TV debate , Ms Sturgeon said : ` The polls will show that Ed is n't strong enough to get rid of the Tories on his own . ` What I say to Ed is I want to replace the Tories with something different and something better , something more progressive . '