When disaster strikes more people than ever are able to capture the drama -- thanks to the rise of the smart mobile phone . Whether someone is caught up in a terrifying avalanche , shipwrecked at sea , or skydivers are caught in a deadly collision , phone cameras and helmet-cams are able to record every heart-stopping moment and broadcast them around the world . A new series , Chaos Caught on Camera , premieres on Science Channel Monday , April 13 , and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama , giving a unique perspective of real life or death situations . Scroll down for videos . The first episode of Chaos : Caught on Camera airs on the Science Channel at 10 pm on Monday , April 13 . A battle between a hungry lion and a buffalo in the Mjejane Reserve in South Africa will be seen on the show . An Illinois man had his camera on hand as a deadly F4 tornado tore through his town and caused destruction . The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage , giving viewers a very intense experience as if they 're actually there in the disaster-zone . Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics , illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival . Skydiving instructor Mike Robinson was one person who found himself in a sticky situation -- after a plane collided with the aircraft he was in . Together with eight other experienced skydivers and two pilots from Skydive Superior split between Cessna 182 aircraft , Mike was preparing to make the last jump of the day at 4,000 ft in Wisconsin . Each skydiver was equipped with cameras on their headgear -- but none knew they were about to live through an event more commonly seen in a Hollywood blockbuster . The two aircrafts were flying in formation and the skydivers had planned to jump in tandem . Mike was travelling in the lead plane with three other skydivers and they had all moved onto the outside of the plane and were poised to jump . Three skydivers in the following plane were in the same position with the remaining two ready inside the aircraft . Suddenly , the second plane crashed into the lead , pinning one skydiver in between the two aircraft . Cameras were rolling when one plane crashed into another , pinning one skydiver in between the two aircraft . The situation became deadly when leaking fuel ignited but none of the passengers sustained serious injuries . The two planes broke into fiery pieces and hurtled to the earth while witnesses looked on and shot video . Three skydivers were thrown into the air as the starboard wing of the lead plane broke off . The situation became deadly when leaking fuel ignited . Footage taken from the jumper 's headgear shows the pilot urging the remaining skydivers to jump from the burning plane . The divers tumbled into the air as fireball engulfed one of the planes -- but luckily both pilots jumped free . Remarkably , none of the jumpers or pilots sustained serious injuries and all landed safely on the ground , enabling them to watch the two planes break into fiery pieces and hurtle to the earth . But danger does n't just occur thousands of feet above the air , as Marc Wells and daughter Josie found . Marc had his camera to hand as a deadly tornado tore through his town in Illinois . But when it became clear the category F4 storm -- one lower than the most deadly -- was heading his way , Marc fled to his underground storm shelter with his daughter and dog . And despite being safe in the bunker , the merciless storm can be heard ripping apart their home in the astonishing camera footage . The 300km/h wind had torn nearby houses into pieces and had destroyed Marc 's home in just six seconds . Caught-on-camera footage can also reveal incredible moments of escape and rescue . A diver in the Gulf of Guinea was sent to retrieve the bodies of a sunken tugboat when he found a survivor . Each occurrence in the show is deconstructed with graphics , illustrations and an explanation of the facts . The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage . One of the most astonishing pieces of footage features in the second episode . A diver in the Gulf of Guinea had been sent to retrieve the bodies of a sunken tugboat . The Jascon 4 had been 30m under water for three days and all 12 members of the crew were believed to have perished . But as diver , whose camera and sound was fed back to DCN diving team in a nearby rescue vessel , swam through the wreckage , he came across the hand of what he believed to be a corpse . He nearly had a heart-attack as the hand suddenly grabbed his own . He said : `` There 's someone alive . He 's alive . I almost had a heart attack now ! '' The hand belonged to Harrison Okene , a 29-year-old Nigerian who had worked on the boat as a cook . Harrison had been trapped in a small air pocket in the dark at the bow of the boat , which lay upside down on the ocean floor . The traumatised man had survived on just a can of Coke for three days , uncertain if help would ever come . His rescuer attached him to an oxygen mask and freed him from the stricken vessel -- but sadly he was the only survivor of the shipwreck . The show also explores incredible wildlife footage as an impala flees a deadly cheetah by jumping into an open car window . And Mark Robert , an experienced climber , captured footage as he lost his footing while climbing the near vertical Parsley Fern Gully in Snowdonia and tumbled down the mountainside . Chaos : Caught on Camera , produced by Barcroft Productions for Discovery Networks International , airs on Science Channel at 10 pm and 10:30 pm on Monday , April 13 .