Two French backpackers who filmed themselves torching a native Australian quokka have been released from prison . Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet , 24 , and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on Rottnest Island on April 3 . The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate 's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $ 4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines . Scroll down for video . The two French tourists charged with setting fire to a quokka have been released from jail after spending a week behind bars . The French men opted to serve the seven days in Hakea prison rather than pay the fine , as they did not have sufficient funds . A Department of Corrective Services spokeswoman said that the week long sentence was considered the equivalent of the fine , and that it had been served in full , reported WA Today . The men were released at 11.30 am on Thursday morning after entering the jail , in Canning Vale , Western Australia on Friday . According to Corrective Services , the two French men cost taxpayers $ 1810 each day they were in jail , despite the fact that the pair had saved over $ 12,000 between them in their working holiday employment as cleaners , reported The Esperance Express . The creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair 's punishment was too lenient for their crime . Using a deodorant can and lighter , the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampers away . Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair 's punishment was too lenient for their crime . ` It was pretty disgusting , ' said Peter Murphy from Quokka Rescue . ` I do n't think the sentence is enough . I think they got off quite lightly . ' The video of the crime was played in court on Friday , and Magistrate Elizabeth Langdon labelled the act ` outrageous ' , reported The West Australian . In the disturbing footage of their crime , both men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka before one said ` Do n't do that , why ? ' The creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . The magistrate was told that Vallet and Batrikian were remorseful for their actions , and that they admitted the incident was stupid and juvenile . The men can be heard uncontrollably laughing after igniting the native Australian creature . The quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick brown fur . Magistrate Langdon commented on their cruelty , calling the offence ` abhorrent . ' ` One can only imagine the impact caused to the quokka , ' she said . ` Obviously it would have been fearful as a result of what occurred . ' The men told Fairfax Media outside court on Saturday , ` you think we 're monsters ? We did n't hurt the quokka . We have pets at home . ' Both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in Rottnest Island working as cleaners . As a result of the incident , both men lost their job . They also had their passports confiscated and are expected to be leaving Australia soon . The quokka , classed by the government as ` vulnerable ' , is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick , rough , grey-brown fur . It is found only in the south-west of Western Australia state and on the offshore islands of Rottnest and Bald .