Russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while Montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a fraught Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica . UEFA has ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation £ 36,280 . During the game , which took place on March 27 , Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare . Players from both sides were involved in a brawl before referee decided to abandon the game . Fans holding flares cut intimidating figures from the roof of Montenegro 's stadium in Podgorica . Russia head coach Fabio Capello scratches his head as players leave the pitch after the match is abandoned . Play resumed but trouble erupted between the players in the second half and , with further objects coming from the stands , both teams left the field and German referee Deniz Aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes . A statement from European football 's governing body read : ` The UEFA Control , Ethics and Disciplinary Body -LRB- CEDB -RRB- met today and announced the following decision in relation to various incidents that occurred during the European Qualifiers Group G match between Montenegro and Russia , which was played in Podgorica on 27 March . ` The CEDB has decided to declare the above-mentioned match as forfeited . As a consequence , the Football Association of Montenegro -LRB- FSCG -RRB- is deemed to have lost the game 3-0 . A flare , hurled from the stands , hit the Russian keeper on the head in the opening seconds of the game . Igor Akinfeev is carried off the pitch on a stretcher , which led to an 30 minute delay before play resumed . The keeper was carried off the field to hospital for tests before eventually making a full recovery . ` In addition , the FSCG has been ordered to play its next two UEFA competition matches as host association behind closed doors . The second match to be played behind closed doors is deferred for a probationary period of two years . Finally , the association has been fined 50,000 euros . ' Russia did not escape unpunished for their players ' actions and were issued with a 25,000 euro -LRB- £ 18,143 -RRB- fine . The head of the Football Association of Montenegro -LRB- FSCG -RRB- had branded fans who forced the abandonment as ` barbarians ' . Montenegro fans light flares from the stands during the Euro 2016 qualifier on March 27 . Russian fans voice their displeasure after the game is eventually called off . In a statement published on the FSGC 's website the day after the game , the association 's secretary general Momir Durdevac said : ` The match from the first minute was on the verge of interruption . ` You saw how many people were involved in the organisation , how many times we asked the crowd to refrain from everything . ` But it seems that we do not deserve , neither the country nor the national team , a place in the big competition . Riot police clash with Montenegrin fans after the game is abandoned following a pitch brawl . ` They are here to disrupt , they are here to be barbarians . When we play against the great teams and great players , they are here to denounce these players , not to enjoy their skills . ` To interrupt the match , to throw something on the pitch , and then chant : ` Montenegro , I love you ' - it is such hypocrisy , it 's such primitivism that should not be seen anywhere . ` For me , the game should not have continued after the first minute . '