It is on course to be the hottest April on record and millions of Brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather and clear skies today by heading to beaches and parks across the country . A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency 's MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures . Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16.6 C in Achnagart , north of Fort William and 16.4 C in Pembrey Sands , Carmarthenshire . Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9 C and forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean . Scroll down for video . A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency 's MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures . Thousands of Brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather today by heading to beaches and parks across the country , pictured is Brighton earlier today . The country is still basking in bright sunshine , pictured people in Portsmouth catch rays on the beach as temperatures soar at the historic Hot Walls . Is n't it a bit warm for that ? Participants in the annual Tweed Run don their finest suits to cycle around London in the blazing sunshine . On-lookers admire one contestant 's outfit as she cycles with a basketful of blooms through the centre of London as part of the Tweed Run . Working up a sweat : Participants in the annual London Tweed Run battled soaring temperatures in their finest suits on one of the sunniest Saturdays of the year . On Wednesday , the UK enjoyed the hottest day of the year so far with highs of 25C and forecasters say the fine weather is here to stay . Met Office forecaster Emma Sillitoe said : ` The UK has been enjoying a spell of unusually warm weather . It is definitely very warm for this time of year as it should be around 12C . ' Supermarkets have prepared for a rush of Brits intending to make the most of the balmy weather this weekend . Sainsbury 's is predicting a sale surge on a variety of hot weather products from strawberries right through to chilled soft drinks . The supermarket giant is expecting to sell 230,000 packs of fresh burgers - a 20 per cent increase on last week , 750,000 more punnets of strawberries , and sales of 500,000 more chilled soft drinks . Friends Millie Parkes , Cally Stanhope , Tia Hayward , Jazz Gunnell , and Lillie Stanley , all 16 , relax in the sun at the Hot Walls in Portsmouth . Hundreds flocked to the beaches in Brighton to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9 C , pictured people playing beach volleyball . A large ferry towers over residents sunbathing on the beach as temperatures soar at the historic Hot Walls , in Old Portsmouth today . A woman soaks up the sun in her bikini in Brighton beach on one of the weekends of the year with temperatures soaring to 16.5 C . Thousands of people have taken advantage of the sunshine to relax and sunbathe on Brighton Beach , pictured a girl enjoying ice-cream . Sun seekers stroll along the promenade at Brighton Pier on Saturday . Temperatures are expected to remain in the high teens and twenties . Over the last week ice-cream sales in Sainsbury 's was up 140 per cent on this time last year , sunglasses sales were up 100 per year on this time last year and sales of cold pies , salads and dips are up 11 per cent on April 2014 . But for those deciding which day to have their barbeque , tomorrow is looking noticeably cooler with highs of around 13C . Ms Sillitoe said : ` The South could see 17C on Monday , 20C or 21C on Tuesday , 22C or 23C on Wednesday as long as there is enough sunshine , and 20C on Thursday . Further north , Scotland could see 18C . A bumper 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the normal - have brightened Britain already this month . But the Environment Agency has today released four flood warnings for the South West . A cocktail of very high tides lashed by strong winds may swamp seaside towns and villages along the south Devon coast this weekend , according to the agency . A bumper 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the normal - have brightened Britain already this month , pictured a woman walking her dog through Hove Park in Sussex today . A woman relaxes with a book on a deck chair in St James 's Park in central London . Forecasters said the ` unusually warm ' weather is set to continue . The sun rises over than Manchester Ship Canal at Stockton Heath near Warrington this morning at the start of a dry and sunny day . In Portsmouth , sun seekers flocked to the shore to take in seaside views . The good weather is due to continue into early next week . They have issued a flood alert during the morning and evening high tides to residents and businesses in east-facing coastal areas including Torbay , and neighbouring Dawlish , Slapton , Torcross and Beesands . A force six wind is predicted during the morning high tide , dropping to a force five during the evening high tide . The agency says low-lying coastal land and roads could be affected . The Weather Outlook said temperatures would ` soar ' as high pressure sucks heat north to Britain again - capping a ` very good ' April . The South East and South West are already on course for their sixth hottest April since records began in 1910 , according to Met Office figures . A bumper 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the normal - have brightened Britain already this month . Forecaster Brian Gaze of The Weather Outlook said : ` Temperatures will soar again as high pressure pulls more warm air north from southern Europe , with over 21C possible again . ` April has been very good so far and looks like being one of the warmest on record . ' The South East and South West are already on course for their sixth hottest April since records began in 1910 , pictured is Greek Park , London . The Weather Outlook said temperatures would ` soar ' as high pressure sucks heat north to Britain again , pictured two women sunbathing in a park . Supermarkets have prepared for a rush of Brits intending to make the most of the balmy weather this weekend , pictured Jubilee Gardens in London . Hundreds of people have made the most of the warm weather , pictured a woman sunbathing in Parliament Square , central London .