Tim Sherwood will consider selling Christian Benteke this summer if Aston Villa 's star striker insists he wants to leave the club . Benteke has two years left on his contract once this season is completed and harbours ambitions to play in Europe . Sherwood said the Belgium international had given no suggestion he would like a transfer away and appeared to be enjoying his football at Villa Park . But the Villa manager admitted that , were the 24-year-old to demand a move , as he did two years ago , he would be inclined to sanction it . Villa are believed to value Benteke at upwards of £ 25million and Wolfsburg have monitored his situation . Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches . Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke could be sold in the summer if he wants to go , says boss Tim Sherwood . The 24-year-old has two years left on his contract but harbours ambitions to play in Europe . Sherwood said there would likely be talks over Benteke 's £ 50,000-a-week contract during the summer . ` We do n't want to sell our best players , ' said Sherwood . ` I also want players who want to play at the football club . ` He 's made no indication to me that he wants to play elsewhere . If he does then we will assess the situation but we want to keep him at the club . ` You ca n't force any player , I 've been one myself . You might as well take the money because you end up without the money or the player if you do n't take it . ' Sherwood said there would likely be talks over Benteke 's £ 50,000-a-week contract during the summer . ` I know better how Tottenham went about their business regarding their contracts . I 'm not too sure how they go about it here , ' said Sherwood . ` But it 's certainly something that will have to be addressed . You do n't really want players going into the last 18 months of their contract , he 's someone for the long-term future and you need to protect your interests . ' Sherwood accepts winning the FA Cup , meaning a place in the Europa League , could help . ` That would put everyone in a good mood , not only Christian , ' he said . ` I think he is enjoying his time here and everyone is seeing that . He is a top player . We have a lot of top players in here and no-one wants to fight relegation . If we can get through this season we will build something where we are going to step upwards -- we wo n't be in that position again . ' Sherwood also wants to wipe any smile from Raheem Sterling 's face by causing an FA Cup shock at Wembley on Sunday . Benteke -LRB- second left -RRB- scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11 . That goal at White Hart Lane was the Belgium international 's eighth in his last six games for club and country . Footage this week emerged showing the Liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria . Sherwood said : ` Let 's hope he 's not laughing after Sunday . ' The Villa boss knows his ambitions to beat Liverpool and reach the FA Cup final may rest on taming Sterling , a player he tried to sign for Tottenham 's academy as a schoolboy . The 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch , in a contract stand-off with Liverpool and coming under question for his recreational activities . Sherwood added : ` I have a wee bit of sympathy . I am not condoning it , but he is a young man , is n't he ? He obviously has fortunes but is growing up like everyone else . It is tough in the public eye . ' Raheem Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season . Another Liverpool player Sherwood discussed on Friday was Steven Gerrard , whose birthday falls on the FA Cup final on May 30 . Those associated with the Merseyside club feel an ideal silverware send-off is brewing before Gerrard heads to LA Galaxy . ` Believe it or not it 's not about spoiling the party for Steven Gerrard , ' insisted Sherwood . ` It 's about what we can do . To be honest we 're hoping he 's on his holiday in May . ' Sherwood played against a teenage Gerrard in his latter days and hailed the 34-year-old 's clear talent from the off . He added : ` I 'm sure Steven could still do a job for a Premier League side but I 'm not sure he can go and play for anyone other than Liverpool . He can earn £ 1 a week or £ 200,000 , he 'll still play the same way . That 's a dying breed -- there are n't many of them about . ' Liverpool have captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- centre -RRB- back for the FA Cup semi after serving a three-match ban . Sherwood has led a Villa resurgence since taking over in February , steering the club away from relegation danger and into this Wembley showpiece . They are on a run of four wins in seven . He believes his team can upset favourites Liverpool . ` It 's a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an FA Cup final , ' he said . ` I 've lost semi-finals myself , not a great feeling . ` We 're going in with a positive state of mind . This club 's relegation is not at stake , it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club . ` We have the mindset to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good Liverpool side . We have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at times . We 're prepared to mix it up , we have a plan . ' Sherwood has led Villa to a run of four wins in seven matches ahead of Sunday 's semi-final at Wembley .