A Kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease has lost custody of her 11-year-old son at least temporarily and could face possible charges following comments the boy made during an anti-drug education program at school . The case of Shona Banda , 37 , was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney 's office for a decision about charges , Garden City Police Capt. Randy Ralston said . Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . No arrests have been made . Medical marijuana activist Shona Banda , 37 , has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody . The divorced Garden City mother said she did not get custody of her son back following a hearing on Monday in Finney County District Court , after Kansas authorities had placed the boy into protective custody . ` That 's OK -- I am not giving up , ' Banda said . ` I will , I will get him and I am not going to stop until I do . ' Banda , a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue , has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story . Several supporters rallied on Monday at a park near the courthouse . ` It is a hot topic all across the United States , ' Ralston said of the social media attention . ` It does n't surprise me . ' Banda is the author of a book ` Live Free or Die : Reclaim your Life ... Reclaim your Country ! ' that recounts her use of a concentrated cannabis oil to treat Crohn 's Disease . A gag order has since been issued in the custody case , Banda said . Banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn 's disease . Police asked to enter the activist 's house -LRB- pictured -RRB- , but she denied them entry until they arrived with a warrant . Banda 's legal problems began on March 24 when police were called to her son 's school for a child welfare check following a drug and alcohol presentation . Investigators allege the boy told school officials that his mother and other adults in his home were avid drug users and that there was a lot of drug use occurring at the home . Banda refused to allow officers to search the home , and police stayed at the scene and denied her entry to it until they could obtain a search warrant . A search subsequently found about 1 1/4 pounds of marijuana and a lab for manufacturing cannabis oil on the kitchen table and counters , drug paraphernalia and other related items , police said . Authorities said the items were within easy reach of the child . Video posted on YouTube shows the officers standing in her backyard -LRB- left -RRB- and denying Banda entry into her home -LRB- right -RRB- because she may have disturbed evidence . ` The most important thing here is the child 's well-being , ' Ralston said . ` That is why it is a priority for us , just because of the danger to the child . ' Authorities took the boy into protective custody and placed him with his father , Ralston said . But when the boy ended back with his mother again , authorities then took the boy back into protective custody . ` For him to have spoken up in class I ca n't be upset about because he hears me daily on the phone talking with people , encouraging people to speak up and speak out , ' she told Ben Swann of her son . A Go Fund Me page has raised more than $ 28,000 for Banda 's legal defense . Fifty-three percent of Americans now say the use of marijuana should be legal , an all-time high in CBS News polling ; 43 percent think it should not be legal .