David Cameron has warned voters that they have '11 days to save Britain ' , as he claimed Scottish nationalists ` do n't want the country to succeed ' . The Prime Minister said the Scottish National Party would prop up a minority Labour administration in the hope that the government would be a ` disaster ' and bring forward its dream of independence . But Liberal Democrat Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accused the Prime Minister of ` playing with fire ' by stirring up ill-feeling between Scotland and England in a way that would only fuel support for independence in next year 's Scottish Parliament elections . Scroll down for video . David Cameron , addressing supporters in Somerset this afternoon , has warned voters that they have '11 days to save Britain ' , as he claimed Scottish nationalists ` do n't want the country to succeed ' The Prime Minister - taking a selfie with supporters today , said the Scottish National Party would prop up a minority Labour administration in the hope that the government would be a ` disaster ' and bring forward its dream of independence . The warnings came as polls indicated that the General Election race was still neck and neck , with the UK heading for a hung parliament and coalition negotiations after May 7 . A Survation poll put the Conservatives three points ahead on 33 per cent to Labour 's 30 per cent . However , other polls had Labour nudging ahead . Today 's Survation poll found that more than a third of English voters would not regard a Miliband administration propped up by the SNP as ` legitimate ' . More than two-fifths - 44 per cent - meanwhile said that they would rather see England break away from Scotland than have an arrangement of this kind . Mr Cameron told the Sunday Express that an outright Conservative victory could make Britain ` one of the great international success stories of the next decade ' . The Prime Minister echoed Tony Blair 's ` education , education , education ' slogan when he said his three top priorities would be ` economy , economy , economy ' . But he warned : ` There are 11 days left to save the economy , to save jobs , effectively to save Britain . ' A Survation poll has put the Conservatives three points ahead on 33 per cent to Labour 's 30 per cent . Mr Cameron was interviewed on the Murnaghan programme , broadcast this morning , warning of the threat posed by the SNP . Mr Cameron said that the SNP ` want to achieve the break-up of our country , so therefore if you have a Labour government backed by the SNP , you have got a government backed by people who do n't want the country to succeed . ` They do n't want parliament to succeed . They do n't want the government to succeed . They do n't want the United Kingdom to succeed . That is really worrying . ' Nicola Sturgeon and her predecessor Alex Salmond will want voters to look back after five years of a minority Labour adminstration made possible by the SNP and think ` that was a disaster , now can we break up the United Kingdom altogether ? ' , said the Prime Minister . Mr Alexander was highly critical of the Conservatives ' decision to focus their election campaign on the threat of Scottish nationalism . Ed Miliband , appearing on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show this morning , insisted Labour would not do any deals with the SNP . The Labour leader is under growing pressure to rule out governing with the support of SNP MPs . The Lib Dem Chief Secretary to the Treasury told The Observer : ` I think the Tory campaign has been a total disgrace . I think they are deliberately trying to stir up ill-feeling between Scotland and England in a desperate attempt to fend off Ukip and I think it has long-term consequences . When you stoke tensions , you are playing with fire . ' Mr Alexander added : ` I think a majority Tory government would be a disaster for the whole of the United Kingdom because it would lurch this country to the right economically ... but it would be a particular disaster in Scotland , because it would give the SNP what they most want . - a grievance to nurse for the Scottish parliamentary election in 2016 . ' And former Liberal leader Lord Steel told the paper : ` The truth is that a new Tory government dependent on Ukip sympathisers in their own midst is a greater threat to the unity of the UK than any band of SNP MPs . '