A British man bled to death on holiday in Thailand after cutting himself on a mirror in a shop . Iain Mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his Thai girlfriend moments before his death . He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar . The incidents happened in Hua Hin , a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of Bangkok . Tragic : Iain Mackay , 40 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- is understood to have got into a fight at the Hua Hin resort , 125 miles south of Bangkok , after discovering the woman chatting with another man at a bar in the coastal city . Thai police said Mr Mackay , from Stornoway , Scotland , was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop near to the bar where he had spotted his girlfriend . Onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the shop but they were unable to save him . He later died in hospital . Officials said that no crime had been committed . However , friends of Mr Mackay claim that he had clashed with another man who had been talking to his girlfriend moments before his death , the Press and Journal newspaper reported . Others said that Mr Mackay had posted links to his girlfriend 's Facebook page before his death in which she was pictured with another man . One friend said : ` Iain was obviously upset and referred to the woman who seemed to be his own girlfriend and a mystery man as lovers . ' Those close to Mr Mackay said he had been in a relationship with his girlfriend for several years . Mr Mackay , an underwater research specialist , is believed to have been employed by seismic research company Polarcus , which is based in Dubai . Location : The resort where Mr Mackay died is in Hua Hin -LRB- pictured -RRB- - a coastal city 125 miles south of Bangkok . Sources at the company confirmed that Mr Mackay was on leave from his vessel and had told colleagues that he planned to spend his time off in Thailand . Thai officials said that Mr Mackay had died at 3 pm on Saturday but relatives claim that they were told of his death on Friday . The Foreign Office also confirmed that Mr Mackay had died on Friday . A spokesman said : ` We can confirm the death of a British national in Hua Hin , Thailand , on April 3 . We are providing consular assistance to the family at this sad time . ' Mr Mackay 's death comes nine years after a British former public schoolboy was murdered after splitting with his Thai wife at the Hua Hin resort . Toby Charnaud , 41 , was beaten to death with an iron bar and wooden staves by relatives of his ex-wife , Pannada Laoruang , in August 2006 . Laoruang then helped them burn his body before chopping it up and scattering the remains . A Thai court at the time heard how Mr Charnaud , who was educated at Marlborough College , sold £ 2.5 million Latimer Manor estate near Chippenham , Wiltshire , after falling in love with 35-year-old Laoruang , whom he met in a Bangkok bar while on holiday . Last year British students Hannah Witheridge , 23 , and David Miller , 24 , were murdered on a beach on the Thai island of Koh Tao . Two Burmese men have been charged with their murder . Arguement : Mr Mackay bled to death after getting into a furious row at a bar in Hua Hin city .