Right now , you may feel that you know the inside of David Cameron 's kitchens -- yes , both of them -- better than your own . Two weeks ago the Prime Minister let the BBC film him preparing lunch at his home in his Oxfordshire constituency . Then this weekend it was the No 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote by being pictured at breakfast with wife Samantha and their three children . Scroll down for video . Breakfast time : David and Samantha Cameron talk to their nine-year-old son Elwen in tonight 's ITV film . Making a point : Mr Cameron chats with his children over the No 10 breakfast table during the ITV show . And tonight you can see the Downing Street kitchen all over again as they once more gather round the breakfast table -LRB- white marble and costing £ 750 -RRB- , this time for the cameras of ITV News . When he invited the BBC film crew into his constituency kitchen , Mr Cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term as Prime Minister . This time round , he may have thought he was on safer ground being questioned by his own family over the No 10 breakfast table . But the chat showed them teasing the Prime Minister after he appeared to confuse the Disney film Frozen for a book . He asked his four-year-old daughter Florence about her fairy costume for World Book Day , adding : ` Why are you not going as Elsa -LSB- from Frozen -RSB- ? That 's what I want to know . ' His wife Samantha answered , saying : ` Because it 's not a book . ' The PM laughed awkwardly before attempting to change the subject , asking : ` Anyway , have you got some interesting views on school food ? ' One of his older children replied bluntly : ` It 's absolutely disgusting . I brought in a chip that was half green . ' Mr Cameron has previously said he shares the irritation of many parents at hearing the song Let It Go from Frozen sung too many times . Access all areas : The Camerons are joined by ITV News political editor Tom Bradby -LRB- right -RRB- during the show . Phenomenon : During the show , Mr Cameron is teased for appearing to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book . Earlier this year he said Florence regularly ` launches into song ' in front of his security guards . He said : ` I do n't know all the words but I have listened to it being sung more times than I care to remember . ' Mr Cameron was filmed at home with his family for an ITV profile due to be aired tonight , although his children 's faces were not shown on camera . His wife said the breakfast-time teasing was typical of the way the Prime Minister 's family keep him ` grounded ' , saying : ` They take the mick all day long . ' She said oldest daughter Nancy , 11 , and son Elwen , nine , had also teased their sister as ` really uncool ' after she came home from school saying : ` My daddy is the Prime Minister . ' Mrs Cameron said Florence later told her grandmother : ` Do n't tell anyone but my daddy 's the Prime Minister . ' In the interview with ITV News political editor Tom Bradby , Mr Cameron also spoke frankly about the death of the couple 's disabled son Ivan . Humble : Samantha Cameron told the ITV show that the family often teased the Prime Minister over breakfast as a way of keeping him ` grounded ' . She said : ` They take the mick all day long ' Caring : David Cameron took a break from the campaign trail on Saturday to feed a newborn lamb in Witney . He said : ` It 's everyone 's dread to lose a child . You lose someone you love so much , so young . It does hit you like nothing else and there is a bit of you that thinks , well if you can face that sort of challenge in your life , then it puts everything else into perspective . ' Mr Cameron was also asked about his background . He said : ` I went to a very posh school , I had a very privileged upbringing with parents who were incredibly loving and brilliant . I 've never tried to hide that , I 'm not going to change my accent or talk in a different way . ' Spotlight -- David Cameron : Tonight will be broadcast on ITV at 7.30 pm .