Ahead of the 79th edition of the Masters , Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club . Here are Nos 20-11 . Mark O'Meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998 . 20 Mark O'Meara , 1998 . Aged 41 , Mark O'Meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the PGA Tour . But O'Meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on Sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat David Duval and Fred Couples . In the manner of his great friend Tiger Woods , he drained it . And he was soon handed his green jacket by Woods in the Butler Cabin . CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO . 19 Billy Joe Patton , 1954 . Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan . But for a short while it had appeared that an amateur golfer could topple two of the greatest ever to play the game , thanks to his hole-in-one on the par-three sixth on Sunday . Sadly , Patton 's hopes were ultimately shot down by a double bogey on the 13th attempting to fly Rae 's Creek and reach the green in two . Otherwise his ace would have featured near the very top of this list . Billy Joe Patton hits on the 13th hole ... the scene of the double-bogey which ultimately cost him victory . CLICK HERE for the second part of our countdown , featuring videos of shots from the likes of Jack Nicklaus , Bubba Watson and Tiger Woods ... 18 Seve Ballesteros , 1983 . Seve 's second Masters victory featured what he called ` the best golf of my life ' over the first four holes , and one 205-yard 2-iron on the fourth was utterly spectacular . But nothing quite sums up the genius of the late , great Spaniard than the way he clinched his four-shot victory over Tom Kite and Ben Crenshaw . An up and down for a bogey would have comfortably sewn up his victory , but showman Seve was having none of it and chipped in for a par four . 17 Byron Nelson , 1937 . Byron Nelson found himself a somewhat daunting six shots behind Ralph Guldahl in the final round of the 1937 tournament . But his comeback was complete on the par-five 13th after he found the cup with a chip for eagle from off the green , while his rival could only manage bogey . Lord Byron came from four strokes down to two ahead in just 25 minutes , and went on to win the first of his five majors by that same margin . Byron Nelson and club member Alfred Bourne at the presentation ceremony in 1937 . 16 Vijay Singh , 2009 . OK , so this is n't actually during the Masters itself , but have you ever seen anything like it ? The big Fijian won the green jacket in 2000 but may not have hit a finer shot than this one during the annual par-three tournament on the Wednesday before the 2009 edition . Vijay skimmed his ball across a lake and watched as it rolled onto the green and into the cup for an ace . You 'll need to see it to believe it . 15 Nick Faldo , 1989 . With dark descending , in dank drizzle and with wind whipping the course , Nick Faldo became only the second Briton ever to win the Masters after a play-off with Scott Hoch . His nerveless approach over the water on the 11th hole was good , but the putt was even better . Faldo recalled how his caddie , Andy Prodger , told him it was too dark to see the line of the shot , but he stroked it pure and right into the heart of the cup . CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE SHOT . Nick Faldo celebrates his brilliant putt to win the Masters in a play-off in 1989 . 14 Charl Schwartzel , 2011 . Charl Schwartzel 's victory three years ago is most famous for his rip-roaring finish - four birdies in the final four holes sealed his first major title - but his start was no less incredible . After missing the first green , the South African somehow chipped in from 100 feet for a remarkable birdie . And then , on the third , he slam-dunked his approach from the fairway for an eagle two . Two incredible shots , but the gods truly were smiling on Schwartzel that day . CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO . Charl Schwartzel -LRB- right -RRB- is presented with his green jacket by Phil Mickelson in 2011 . 13 Phil Mickelson , 2004 . Phil Mickelson had long carried the burden of being known as ` the best player never to have won a major ' - just ask Lee Westwood how wearisome that feels . Lefty had a string of near-misses behind him - six second and third places - when he went toe-to-toe with Ernie Els over the back nine at Augusta that Sunday . And it all came down to the final green as Phil the Thrill sank an 18-footer for birdie under huge pressure to cast off that unwanted reputation once and for all . 12 Fuzzy Zoeller , 1979 . Imagine playing in your very first Masters ... and standing over a putt to win , in a sudden-death play-off . It was the first time the Masters had been decided in such a way , was played in the gathering gloom and also included Ed Sneed and the great Tom Watson . In near darkness , Zoeller held his nerve to sink his birdie putt on the 11th hole and make history . 11 Louis Oosthuizen , 2012 . Some might argue that this is the best shot in Masters history - but some would also say it was n't even the best shot of the day -LRB- see the countdown from 10-1 -RRB- . Whatever , it 's hard to think of a more perfectly envisioned , controlled and executed long iron in the history of the game . Oosthuizen catapulted himself into the lead -LRB- and an eventual play-off -RRB- with this 253-yard approach into the par-five second hole that pitched on a sixpence at the front of the green . From then on , it was never going anywhere other than the centre of the cup . Louis Oosthuizen raises his arms and soaks it all in after holing out for an albatross at Augusta in 2012 .