He only started his new job two weeks ago . But Prince William confirmed yesterday that he will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born later this month . The future king , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance . According to Kensington Palace , he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby , just like he did when his son , Prince George , was born in 2013 . Dash : Prince William faces a two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife 's side when she goes into labour . The second in line to the throne will be working throughout April in three sites -- Cambridge , Norwich and Gloucestershire Airport . The Duchess of Cambridge , meanwhile , will largely be based at their London home Kensington Palace . Royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport William back to London , meaning the prince faces a two-hour ` blues and twos ' dash back to the capital . He could even risk missing the birth if their second child arrives more quickly than expected , although aides acknowledge that the scenario is unlikely . On maternity leave : The Duchess wo n't be seen in public again until she leaves hospital with the new baby . Frenetic : The scenes outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary 's Hospital during Prince George 's birth . There will be no Lindo Wing fervour like there was for George -- as the Press and public are banned from the street outside . Sources said the couple , who do not know the baby 's sex , were ` grateful ' for interest in their new arrival -- who will be fourth in line to the throne -- but want to avoid a ` media circus ' . They have also vowed not to make a public announcement until at least 8 am the next day if the baby is born after 10 pm , and not before they have informed their families -- including Prince Harry , who is likely to be in Australia when the baby arrives . They also made clear that Kate , who has been staying at the couple 's new country home in Norfolk , Anmer Hall , plans to return to the capital soon and intends to give birth at the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital , where a natural birth costs up to £ 10,000 . Her team will be led by Guy Thorpe-Beeston , Surgeon Gynaecologist to the Royal Household . The doctor , who says he likes to ` keep things simple ' by ` offering honest advice ' , specialises in pre-natal diagnosis , deliveries and ultrasound . He graduated from Cambridge University in 1984 and worked at King 's Hospital in London before becoming a consultant in foetal medicine at Chelsea and Westminster in 1996 . Safety first : Contingency plans have been put in place in case Kate is outside of London when labour starts . Crazy : Preparations for a media pen outside the Lindo Wing ahead of the April 25th birth are underway . Not long to go : The Duchess , seen here at events last month , still does n't know the sex of her child . Contingency plans have been put in place at other hospitals -- Addenbrooke 's in Cambridge and the Royal Berkshire , close to Kate 's parents -- should the Duchess , 33 , go into labour outside of the capital . Kate , whose public duties ended last month , has not specified how much maternity leave she intends to take . But sources have told the Mail that she will return to Kensington Palace to recuperate before travelling to Norfolk to set up home at Anmer Hall . An aide said : ` Her focus will be on her family over the summer . ' With an imminent General Election , aides were also asked whether they might time their announcement around the campaign , but one quipped : ` Babies arrive when they arrive ! ' Excited : Prince George is apparently looking forward to the impending birth according to his parents . Delighted : The couple also revealed their delight at receiving warm wishes from around the world . A spokesman for the couple added yesterday they were touched by the public reaction to the birth of their new baby , who will be fourth in line to the throne . In a statement about the impending royal arrival , he said : ` The Duke and Duchess are hugely grateful for the warm wishes they have received from people throughout the UK and indeed around the world over the last few months . ` They know that people are excited Prince George will soon have a little brother or sister and it means a great deal to them that so many will be celebrating this important moment for their family . ` They are very appreciative that so many people share their excitement as they await the arrival of their second baby . '