A video has emerged that shows the horrifying moment two French backpackers attempted to torch a native Australian quokka . The disturbing footage sees Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet , 24 , and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3 . The men told Fairfax Media outside court on Saturday , ` you think we 're monsters ? We did n't hurt the quokka . We have pets at home . ' Scroll down for video . Video has emerged showing the horrific moment two French tourists set alight an Australian quokka . Using a deodorant can and lighter , the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampers away . Both men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka before one said ` Do n't do that , why ? ' The creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . Both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate 's Court on Friday . They were each fined $ 4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines . According to the Sydney Morning Herald , Magistrate Elizabeth Langdon commented on their cruelty , calling the offence ` abhorrent . ' ` One can only imagine the impact caused to the quokka , ' she said . ` Obviously it would have been fearful as a result of what occurred . ' The men can be heard uncontrollably laughing after igniting the native Australian creature . The quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick brown fur . Both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in Rottnest Island working as cleaners . As a result of the incident , both men lost their job . They also had their passports confiscated and are expected to be leaving Australia soon . The quokka , classed by the government as ` vulnerable ' , is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick , rough , grey-brown fur . It is found only in the south-west of Western Australia state and on the offshore islands of Rottnest and Bald . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .