ABC is filming a pilot episode of The Muppet Show , in the hopes of bringing the beloved variety show back to the small screen . The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival , which would see the return of Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy , Fozzie Bear and other old favorites . New Muppets TV content has n't been since since Muppets Tonight ended in 1998 , though old episodes have been re-run extensively and several movies have been filmed . Scroll down for video . Light the lights ? Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy could be back on TV screens soon if a planned pilot of a rebooted Muppets Show proves a success . A ` proof of concept ' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already , ABC confirmed to DailyMail.com . Filming is due to take place next weekend at a Disney studio in Burbank , California - and will see some original Muppet puppeteers take the reins again . The episode will start with Muppets stalwarts including Kermit , Fozzie and Gonzo gathering at ABC Studios in the hope of getting the new show off the ground . But the cuddly characters will apparently have a problem to solve - Miss Piggy has n't agreed to join in , and is reluctant to get involved so long as she is going through a rough patch with her on-off lover Kermit . Details of the new episode were first reported by The Hollywood Reporter . Gang 's all here : The new series will feature a host of favorites including Gonzo , bottom right , Fozzie Bear , center right , Animal , top center , and Rowlf the Dog , top left . Sources told them new characters including a girlfriend and in-laws for Fozzie Bear could also be on the way . Bob Kushell , who has credits from The Simpsons , Malcolm in the Middle and 3rd Rock From The Sun , has been named as the second co-writer alongside Prady . Randall Einhorn , who worked on The Office and has directed episodes of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is set to be the new Muppets showrunner . Dream team : Bill Prady , left , and Bob Kushell , center , are set to be the new writers for the show , with Randall Einhorn , right , as showrunner . The Muppet Show was originally produced in Britain , as American studio heads did not take to the early pitches . Its characters had appeared as extras in other shows , including Sesame Street , before getting their own TV series . The Muppet Show ran from 1976-81 , and The Muppets Tonight ran from 1996-98 .