Europe 's oldest lar gibbon is enjoying celebrity status after a video of it strutting through a wildlife park went viral . Brian the lar gibbon , who is 50-years-old , was videoed by Amanda Dorman from South Lanarkshire , Scotland , who captured the critter 's creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick . The seven-second video , which is accompanied by Ms Dorman giggling throughout , shows the lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker . It was then shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up and added the caption : ` Running across the landing naked when you forget your towel . ' This resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times . Richard Robinson , Park Manager at the Lake District Wildlife Park spoke about the video on the park 's website , he said : ` Brian is the oldest lar gibbon in Europe , and is very fortunate to be here . The hilarious video was captured by a visitor to Lake District Wildlife Park and shows the 50-year-old primate sneaking across a feild . ` His records begin in 1965 at Chester Zoo and he joined us in 2000 . Brian , his lifetime partner Sooty and their youngsters have been entertaining our guests for years . ` They love swinging through the trees , walking round , grooming and sunbathing . There are hundreds of pictures and videos of the whole family , but none have caught the imagination like this video . ` The caption just goes to highlight how we interpret their actions as being very human like -- it 's this that makes them so endearing . ' The video has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel . Ms Dorman wrote on Facebook : ` I 'm glad Brian has done so well with my video . Hopefully loads of people go to visit him . ' The lar gibbon also known as the white-handed gibbon , is a primate in the gibbon family . They are strictly monogamous mammals and form strong family ties , as demonstrated by Brian , who has fathered a number of young -- three of which still live at the park -- with Sooty .