` Steph Curry with the shot , ' is a lyric synonymous from hip hop star Drake 's song 0 to 100 and the point guard has been showing off his stunning finishing skills again during a recent practice session . Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season with his immaculate three-point shooting . And the 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history , with a Golden State ' three-point drill - where he made a staggering 77 shots in the row . Golden State Warriors ' Steph Curry -LRB- right -RRB- made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice . Curry -LRB- right -RRB- watches on as his shot from behind the arc finds the basket during the Golden State session . The 27-year-old -LRB- right -RRB- shot from various angles - with the end product the same for the point guard . Warriors ' No 30 made a staggering 94 out of his 100 attempts during the three-point drill . However , the MVP candidate -LRB- left -RRB- was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out . Shooting from various angles the Warriors ' No 30 proves practice makes perfect as he finds the basket with ease . However , being the perfectionist that he is Curry was aggrieved he could n't make it 78 shots in a row when his effort rebounds off the rim - causing a scream of frustration from the point guard . In total , the Ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session - a marked improvement on his season average of 44.2 per cent come game time in the NBA . Despite the missed effort though , Curry has been virtually flawless for Steve Kerr 's side this season . On April 9 , the MVP candidate eclipsed his own NBA record for most three-pointers in a season , which stood at 272 , by scoring 45 points to rally Golden State to a 116-105 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers . And Curry will be looking to end the regular campaign in devastating fashion once more from three-point range when Golden State look to improve on their season record of 66-15 when they host the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday night at the ORACLE Arena . Curry broke his own NBA three-point record as the Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers on April 10 . Curry -LRB- centre -RRB- hit eight three-pointers to to eclipse his previous NBA best of 272 made in a single season .