Cover your ears now or turn down your volume ! This is the moment a disgruntled French Bulldog continually honks a horn after being left alone in a car . Ryan Burns of Eureka , California , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action . He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn . He refuses to get down from the device even when the camera zooms in . Burns later uploaded the video clip online with the dog 's owner stepping forward . YouTube user Flying Humboldt claims the French Bulldog is his . The 15-year-old said he was with his mother and they left the pet in their SUV with the sunroof slightly ajar . Beep : This is the moment a disgruntled French Bulldog continually honks a horn after being left alone in a car . Surreal sight : Ryan Burns of Eureka , California , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action . He added that it was a cool day - around 55 degrees with showers - and the pooch had access to food and water . Burns said that the horn had been blaring on and off for several minutes last Monday before he went to check out what was going on with a colleague . He recalled : ` Following our ears , we walked down the block ... to find this critter , who had been left behind and was so totally not having it . ' To date Burns ' video has been watched more than one million times with many viewers citing it as an example of animal cruelty . However , the dog 's owner claims he was n't alone for long and far from being mistreated , he 's ` absolutely spoiled rotten ' . Caught red-pawed : Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn . Surprise finding : Burns said that the horn had been blaring on and off for several minutes last Monday before he went to check out what was going on with a colleague .