A family-friendly coffee shop had its Facebook page hacked and flooded with pornography after an employee clicked on a malicious link in an email . Staff at Scooter 's Coffee , in Omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours , starting at 5 pm on Sunday , by an ` unknown third party ' who then took control of the picture feed . Instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola 's pages after they were hacked . Scooter 's Coffee , Omaha , issued this apology to customers on its Facebook page after it was hijacked by hackers for 24 hours who used it to post pornography . Scooter 's said that the images which appeared on their Facebook page were similar to the images that were posted on Crayola 's page when they were hacked in January -LRB- pictured -RRB- . From 5 pm Sunday until almost the same time the next day , followers of the Scooter 's Facebook page were sent links such as this one , instead of the regular images of smoothies and cookies . After trying to contact officials at Facebook with limited success , it was not until a day later that the company managed to kick the hacker out , and regain control of the account . Jamie Hamburg , spokesman for the company , said : ` At approximately 5 pm CST on Sunday , 29 March , the Scooter 's Coffee Facebook page was hacked by an unknown third party . ` The offensive content that has been posted as a result of this hack is similar to that seen in other recent breaches of major brands . ` Scooter 's Coffee would like to apologize to our loyal Facebook audience and anyone that has been affected by this inappropriate content . ' The hack is believed to have come after an employee clicked on a link of a direct message sent through Facebook itself . The hacker then kicked the member of staff out of the page , locked it , and began posting . Scooter 's Coffee said that , despite repeated attempts to contact Facbook , and hundreds of reports being sent about inappropriate content , nobody at the social media network responded . It was only by contacting larger businesses that they were able to get in touch with Facebook , who removed the content and restored the page nearly 24 hours later . All of the images have now been removed , and Scooter 's have offered apologies to thier customers via their Facebook and Twitter pages . It is thought that the hack occurred after an employee clicked on a link in an email which purported to be from Facebook . Hackers were then able to gather enough data to allow them to take control of the page . Crayon manufacturer Crayola was caught out by a similar breach in January , when hackers took control of the page to post pictures of cartoon breasts , and links to adult websites . One post included a link to a drawing of a scantily clad female cartoon character from the DreamWorks movie ` The Road to El Dorado ' - with the words ` If Disney Was For Adults . ' Delta Air Lines was also affected the following month in a similar attack involving a link to a sexually explicit joke . Their page was hijacked for around an hour , during which ` objectionable and offensive content ' , similar to that in the Crayola and Scooter 's hacks , was published .