This video captures the dramatic struggle faced by villagers as they attempted to rescue an female elephant trapped in a treacherous muddy bog in southern China . The animal became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her and raised the alarm . Using only ropes and wooden poles , more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion . Scroll down for video . Rescue mission : The elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern China . Reporters could see the animal - report to be around 15 years old - trying to push itself up using its two front legs but the boggy ground kept if firmly stuck in place , reports People 's Daily Online . Police were called to lead the rescue operation and officer Wang Xingtao got the villagers to help drain the swamp to prevent the elephant from drowning . He said : ` This area is very boggy without any solid ground . The quagmire the elephant was trapped in is only around one metre deep . ' The police and forestry officials on the scene then got the villagers to fetch long wooden poles and ropes to use in the difficult extraction . An Asian elephant weighs four to five tons on average . Exhausted : The female animal was found lying on its side after becoming trapped in the middle of the night . After three hours and without any heavy machinery their efforts were finally rewarded when the elephant was dragged out of the swamp . Veterinarian Bao Mengwei said : ` After an extended period of time struggling in the quagmire the elephant has some blood circulation problems as well as the tremendous stress that has been put on the heart and lungs of the animal . ` And without food for over a day it is temporarily unable to stand up . ' Rescuers quickly administered anti-infection and anti-shock drugs to help stabilise the elephant 's condition and have pledged to do everything they can to bring it back to health . Stranded : Reporters could see the elephant trying to push itself up using its two front legs but the boggy ground kept if firmly stuck in place . Team effort : Police were called to lead the rescue operation and officer Wang Xingto got the villagers to help drain the swamp to prevent the elephant from drowning . Life-saving : It took the combined efforts of more than 20 people to haul the five-ton animal from the mud . Safety : The female animal , believed to be around 15 years old , emerges from the mud tired and unable to stand . Basic equipment : After hours of effort and without any heavy machinery their efforts were finally rewarded when the elephant was dragged out of the swamp . Given medication : Rescuers quickly administered anti-infection and anti-shock drugs to help stabilise the elephant 's condition and have pledged to do everything they can to bring it back to health .