In 1982 , Hollywood-born chanteuse Charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with I 've Never Been To Me . ` I 've moved like Harlow in Monte Carlo , ' she sang , ` and showed 'em what I got ... ' -LRB- Actually , when the song became a hit she was in straitened financial circumstances and working in a sweetshop in Ilford , Essex , so instead of moving like Harlow she could have been singing about moving to Harlow . -RRB- . One of the most irritating lyrics in the song - it has many - is when she sings about the ` Isle of Greece ' , as if she were discussing the Isle of Man or the Isle of Wight . Do n't take this the wrong way , America , but is there anybody in your country with a geography O-level to their name ? This may come as a surprise to our transatlantic cousins but Greece has rather more islands in its portfolio than one - in fact there are more than 6,000 , most of them uninhabited . The number of inhabited islands is counted at anything from 166 to 227 -LRB- depending on the definition of ` inhabited ' I suppose -RRB- . The view of the blue waters of Lourdas Bay , Kefalonia , a stunning Greek island untainted by the masses . I often wonder why Greece does n't sort out its economic problems by selling off some prime Mediterranean real estate - how many uninhabited islands does one country really need ? Out of the six biggest Greek islands , even Americans will recognise two : Crete - the biggest - and Rhodes -LRB- fourth biggest -RRB- . I 'm guessing two will be unknown to us all : Euboea -LRB- second biggest -RRB- and Chios -LRB- fifth -RRB- ; and two will sound familiar Lesbos -LRB- third -RRB- and Kefalonia -LRB- sixth -RRB- . You will probably know Kefalonia because this was the setting for Louis de Bernières 's novel Captain Corelli 's Mandolin and , in direct contravention of usual Hollywood policy , was where the movie was actually filmed . Kefalonia , it has to be said , has been a little bit reluctant to play the Captain Corelli card too freely in the cause of attracting tourists . Great book , reasonable film -LRB- despite the fact Nicolas Cage , who played Corelli , was woefully miscast -RRB- but you can see why the Kefalonians were not wholly thrilled to bits by either . It took probably the two worst events in the island 's history - the brutal massacre of Italian troops in 1943 and the awful earthquake of 1953 - and used them as grist to the story 's romantic mill . Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières 's novel Captain Corelli 's Mandolin . The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz but focussed on negative events . Kefalonia , however , is simply stunning - an absolute gem . I had visited Zante , the neighbouring island , and was n't impressed . It has some nice beaches but it has been tarnished by tourism of the cheap and nasty sort - lots of scuzzy booze clubs where young Brits go to behave badly . Kefalonia , on the other hand , has remained relatively pristine . This has probably much to do with the fact that its airport is of a size that would find it difficult to cope with the modest level of air traffic arriving on the Isle of Lewis . It 's a large island , about a quarter of the size of Majorca , but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the Spanish hotspot . On arrival , I found myself gaping at the sublime beauty of the place . In parts it reminded me of Tuscany with its gently wooded rolling slopes dotted with trees . Kefalonia is by no means perfect : the roads are sub B-road standard and signposting is practically nonexistent or , for obvious but unhelpful reasons , in Greek letters -LRB- a big problem when your satnav starts shrugging its digital shoulders and goes into sulk mode -RRB- . In a rare case for Hollywood the film was actually shot in Kefalonia where the book 's events took place . The sheer sublime beauty of Kefalonia recalls elements of Tuscany but it 's by no means perfect . The instructions that told us how to get from the airport to our villa had lots of details like : ` Turn right after the yellow sign near the olive oil shop halfway up the hill from the bakers . ' The drive south should have taken 30 minutes but proved much longer with the complicated route . It was a relief , however , to find that tourism had made only limited progress , with just one or two modest-sized hotels in evidence . Eventually we discovered our glorious property - the Villa Zeus - with an ` oh my God ' view over Lourdas beach . While unpacking , I decided to take my ease on the hammock . And so it was I had my You 've Been Framed moment , toppling straight off and landing on my head . I rose groggily from the dust to find myself being stared at by part-time resident cat Arthur . Arthur the cat was reliable company when food was on offer ... or when he thought it should be . I 'm pretty sure ` Barrett ' is a name near the top of every stray cat ` watch list ' around the world . Wherever we travel , we barely have time to unpack before some flea-ridden derelict is attempting to wrest food from our table . Arthur joined us at the table whenever he was aware that food was on the go . He also made his presence felt when he considered that food ought to be on the go . He was around , therefore , most of the daylight hours - and as he was getting so well fed -LRB- we ended up getting him proper cat food from the supermarket -RRB- he often stuck around all night . I often found myself giving him bits of cheese at 3 am -LRB- in fairness , he would eat almost anything -RRB- . The one moment that Arthur noticeably made himself scarce was the night of the fire . At 2 am one night towards the end of our stay , we became aware that a huge wild fire had broken out about a mile away . In these situations it 's hard to know at what point you need to get out ; too soon you look foolish , too late you look dead . The fire grew in sudden bursts , the flames fanned by strong winds ; but it was not obviously coming in our direction ... yet . We sat watchful on our balcony with our bags packed ready to escape . We eventually went back to bed . At 6 am , I was awoken by a helicopter and a plane which began scooping up water from the sea and then headed over the fire zone to dump it - a laborious process that went on for hours . Later in the day we walked down to examine the site , expecting to see acres consumed by the conflagration . In fact the fire-damaged area was surprisingly small . The one must-do outing in Kefalonia is to Fiskardo , a lovely harbour , and Tassia , an excellent waterfront restaurant that seems to attract an A-list crowd . Booked for that evening , we heard , were Mr and Mrs Tom Hanks whose annual yacht trip normally brings them here . The lovely harbour of Fiskardo is a must-visit place for anyone staying on Kefalonia . Unique Villas offers villas from € 699 -LRB- £ 520 -RRB- per week . Seven nights at Villa Zeus costs from € 2,159 -LRB- £ 1,600 -RRB- . easyJet flies from Gatwick to Kefalonia from £ 36.99 pp one way . Norwegian launched a new route from Gatwick to Kefalonia in April . For further information on Greece go to visitgreece.gr . On our way back we passed by the monastery where the body of Kefalonia 's patron Saint Gerasimos is kept in a glass case . On his holy day the body is passed over the ill and the sick in the hope of curing them . Also worth a visit is the harbour of Argostoli , where big turtles cruise up and down the waterfront looking for food . Like Arthur , I imagine , they 'll eat anything . Back at the Villa Zeus , even though it was still just 3 pm , Arthur had convinced himself it was teatime . We did n't disappoint him . We had a glass of the lovely local Gentilini wine as we soaked up the glorious afternoon sun . Arthur had a tin of Felix .