Hein Verbruggen , the controversial former head of international cycling , says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI after being criticised by the inquiry into the Lance Armstrong doping scandal . The Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling 's -LRB- CIRC -RRB- report concluded that , under Verbruggen 's leadership , the UCI had colluded with Armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times Tour de France winner had doped . Verbruggen has now written to all UCI board members saying he has put the ` scandalously biased ' report - which he also calls a ` character assassination ' - into the hands of lawyers . Former head of international cycling Hein Verbruggen is unhappy with the CIRC report verdict . Verbruggen , pictured with Lance Armstrong in March 2003 , has sent the CIRC report to Swiss lawyers . He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency . In his letter , a copy of which has been seen by Press Association Sport , Verbruggen says : ` Mr Cookson is in for a surprise if he thinks that I will accept this scandalously biased CIRC report , and the same goes for taking away my honorary title . ` Indeed , the last word about the CIRC report has not yet been written . I would like to make you aware that I am having the report analysed by Swiss lawyers . ' The lengthy letter added : ` It has become clear that what I am dealing with here is simply a personal revenge campaign against me by Mr Cookson . ' Verbruggen also claims the 2.8 million euros cost of the CIRC report has effectively been wasted . After the CIRC report was published in March , Cookson , said he would write to Verbruggen to ask him to step down as honorary president saying he had made ` serious errors of judgment and wrong decisions ' . On Monday , Cookson said he would not get dragged into a public war of words with Verbruggen . He said : ` I think Mr Verbruggen 's letter speaks for itself . Those who have read the CIRC report will understand where the UCI went wrong in the past , including the conflicts it needlessly got into and which seriously damaged its credibility . I was elected to change the way the UCI conducts itself and I wo n't be drawn into this kind of public conflict . '