Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on Tuesday night as Aston Villa clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers QPR . The Aston Villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the Villa Park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point as striker Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go . Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival . From launching his jacket to the floor in celebration to bawling at the linesman , Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood 's rollercoaster evening in the Villa dugout . Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood gives a steely stare to the camera , focused on the job ahead prior to the match with QPR . Sherwood gives QPR boss - and friend - Chris Ramsey a hug ahead of the crucial clash between the two relegation strugglers at Villa Park . Despite being rivals and both desperate for three points , Sherwood shows a big grin as Ramsey fully embraces the Villa boss ahead of kick-off . Sherwood also gave a hug to Aston Villa mascot Hercules the Lion - although did n't seem as willing on this occassion as he sat on the bench . The former Tottenham boss grimaces as the Villa mascot - wearing the famous Tim Sherwood gilet - embraces the Villa Park manager . Sherwood removes his jacket as Christian Benteke and the rest of the Aston Villa team celebrate equalising against QPR to make the score 1-1 . Sherwood launches his jacket to the ground in celebration after Aston Villa pulled level on 10 minutes to cancel out Matty Phillips ' opener . Sherwood clenches his fists and roars with delight after Benteke 's second goal of the evening gave Villa a 2-1 lead against the Hoops . So close for Villa as Sherwood crouches down on the touchline following a missed chance by the home side on Tuesday night . Sherwood lets out his frustrations and protests to the linesman after a decision goes against Aston Villa during Tuesday 's pulsating clash . The former Blackburn and Tottenham midfielder shows he 's still light on his feet by attempting to avoid the ball as it zips past the touchline . Sherwood throws the ball back into play , eager to get things going again as Villa searched for points to edge away from the relegation zone . Despair for Sherwood , delight for the QPR bench as they celebrate after Charlie Austin puts the Hoops 3-2 up with just 12 minutes to go . Sherwood reacts with a jump as Aston Villa look for a late winner after Benteke 's hat-trick had pulled the Midlands club level . Sherwood shows his angst with just minutes to go as the home side rallied but failed to find the winner which would ease their relegation fears . The Aston Villa manager looks to the sky as the point keeps the club right in the thick of this season 's Premier League relegation battle . Sherwood will be saying his prayers right up until Aston Villa have achieved Premier League safety - they are three points above the drop .