Too often cats can be overlooked in favour of their cuter canine counterparts . But a new book , Artists And Their Cats , is putting felines back on the map . Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . Scroll down for video . Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . In this image , Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dali poses with his cat Babou , a Colombian wild cat . Children 's book illustrator , Wanda Hazel Gág , lovingly looks at her cat in one of the intimate portraits . Featuring the likes of Henri Matisse , Salvador Dali , Georgia O'Keefe and many others , the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists . The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings , with many of them reclining in their homes , or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets . Journalist and artist Nastasi curated over 50 intimate portraits of well-known artists and their beloved animals . Photographer Florence Henri -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and French artist Claude Cahun -LRB- pictured right in 1927 -RRB- pose with their cats in black and white shots . American modernist artist , Georgia O'Keefe poses with her squinting cat , which appears to be of a Siamese breed . One image shows Salvador Dali , who was known for surrealist work , sporting an intricately-patterned waistcoat . With a shocked expression on his face , he poses with his striking cat , Babou , a breed of Colombian ocelot -LRB- a species of wild cat -RRB- . Another image shows modernist artist , Georgia O'Keefe , smiling with her cat propped on her shoulder , which appears to be of Siamese breed . One intimate shot shows famous french Impressionist painter , Henri Matisse casually sat up in bed with his covers pulled up to his knees . On the bed , is a black cat staring at him , and next to it , a miniature kitten swamped by the covers . World-renowned artist Henri Matisse in 1950 - famous for his impressionist artwork - is pictured laid in bed with a black cat as well as a tiny kitten , swamped in the covers . American composer and artist John Cage is seen having a tender moment with his black cat in a rarely-seen image . Edward Gorey , who was famous for his illustrated books , is pictured sitting with his cat on a sofa . More than 50 pairs of great artists and their furry felines are highlighted in Nastasi 's compilation book . Perched on sofa arms , stretching on tables and lovingly nuzzling their owners , the cats strangely seem to share characteristics with their owners . Each image is accompanied by a small excerpt about the relationship between cat and artist . The description of the book reads : ` In this clever compilation , art aficionados will discover a softer side of their favorite artists , and cat lovers will enjoy a whole new way to celebrate their favorite furry friends . ' One image shows french film director and professor Agnes Varda sitting in an outdoor area with her cat on the table next to her . Book illustrator , Arthur Rackham -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , and painter Philip Burne-Jones -LRB- pictured right -RRB- are also featured in the series of intimate photos .