Tragedy : Prasanna ` Nick ' Arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves . A courageous shopkeeper was killed when he made a desperate attempt to stop a gang of thieves who had broken into his van in a cash and carry car park . Prasanna ` Nick ' Arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van , but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . A customer in the Costco car park in Watford where the incident happened reported hearing a ` nasty crunch ' as the 34-year-old 's head hit the ground . Today , the man who pushed Mr Prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years after admitting all he wanted was ` a few cheap packets of cigarettes ' . Mr Prasanna had just finished his purchases when he returned to his silver Transit van and loaded a large box containing 21 smaller boxes of cigarettes in his van . He took his trolley back to a bay and returned to see that the stock he had bought had been disturbed , Luton Crown Court heard . Mr Prasanna then gave chase as he saw a separate van speeding off . Prosecutor John Price QC said : ` Mr Prasanna courageously acted in an attempt to stop the driver getting away . ` With equal determination and with an utterly callous regard for his safety , the two men used violence that cost this man his life . ` Mr Prasanna was forced out but managed to hold onto the side of the vehicle before the door was shut and he fell to the ground . ' A witness said it was as if he had been pushed or kicked away from the van . Nothing had been taken from Mr Prasanna 's van . Last October cousins Patrick and James O'Driscoll were handed jail terms of ten-and-a-half years and seven-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of Mr Prasanna . The sentence of Patrick O'Driscoll , who was driving the van , was later increased to 12 years on appeal . His cousin was in another vehicle at the scene while a third man , Michael McInerney , 34 , was in the rear of the van Mr Prasanna chased . McInerney went on the run after he was arrested in December 2013 and bailed . A European Arrest Warrant was issued but he was arrested in Corby , Northamptonshire in December 2014 . Today he was jailed for a total of 11 years - ten-and-a-half years for manslaughter , two years concurrent for conspiracy to steal , with six months consecutive from the suspended sentence . Defence barrister Henry Hughes said the father of three accepts responsibility for the death of a man who deserved no harm at all . Jailed : Michael McInerney was handed an 11 year sentence after admitting to pushing Mr Prasanna . ` He will live with the horror of the consequences of his actions for the rest of his life . He wanted no more than a few cheap packets of cigarettes , ' he said . Judge Michael Kay QC told McInerney : ` Mr Prasanna was a hard working man and a family man with a wife and two-and-a-half-year-old son . He is described as a devoted and very loving father and husband . ` I ca n't help but compare Mr Prasanna who was a hard-working and lawful citizen with you . What example are you setting to your three children ? `` ` You applied violence to get Mr Prasanna off the vehicle . You pushed him out of the vehicle which began the chain of events that led to his death . ' McInerney , from Borehamwood , Hertforshire , who was living at the time in Radwell , Bedforshire , appeared via a video link from Woodhill Prison , Milton Keynes . At an earlier hearing he pleaded not guilty to murder and not guilty to conspiracy to rob . His pleas of guilty to alternative charges of manslaughter and conspiracy to steal were accepted by the prosecution . He had 17 convictions for 32 offences and operated with alias names and false dates of birth . At the time Mr Prasanna was attacked , McInerney was serving a seven month suspended sentence suspended for 15 months for a similar theft from a motor vehicle at a cash and carry in Sheerness , in which a man who tried to stop him fell into the road . The day before Mr Prasanna was killed , the two O'Driscolls had carried out thefts and attempted thefts at Booker cash and carry stores in Dagenham , Chelmsford , Colchester and Ipswich . On the Sunday they drove to Radwell and collected McInerney . The Costco in Watford where three men - cousins Patrick and James O'Driscoll and Michael McInerney - tried to grab cigarettes from Mr Prasanna 's van before speeding off in separate vehicles . All have now been jailed . In two vans they went to three sites , where they stole or attempted to steal from customers at Bookers in Bedford and Luton and at PC World at the Staples Retail Park in Hendon , before going to Costco in Watford . Mr Prasanna died on June 6 2013 in St Mary 's Hospital in London , 11 days after the attack on him . He came to England from Sri Lanka in 1998 and worked for Tesco as a manager . Mr Prasanna later opened his own shop in Basingstoke , Hampshire , with his younger brother Uday . They opened another store in Sittingbourne , Kent , and were looking at starting a third Southampton . Four years ago he married Shayanthy , 30 , and the couple lived in Grandfield Avenue , Watford with their young son .