A shocking video has been released showing four tourists they catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand , dragging the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature . Andreas Rasmussen , Christian Boyum Johansen and Johan Berg are filmed by Emil Fogh , standing just centimetres away from the shark they 've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in New Zealand , to the point it has become a competitive sport . One of the man stands at the water 's edge with a fishing line in his hands and the waves lapping at his feet when suddenly he launches forward , dragged by the great weight of the creature who has attached itself to his fishing line . The first fisherman is dragged deep into the water from the water 's edge within seconds when the mighty shark takes hold of the end of his line . Once captured , one person brazenly opens the sharks mouth whilst the other removes the hook . The fisherman and his friends whoop with excitement , certain they have achieved their goal : to catch a shark . The line spins rapidly as their catch continues to swim around and the fisherman is pulled deeper and deeper into the water at an alarming rate . The fisherman 's friend grabs hold of his shoulders and together they pull against the shark on the end of the line , determined to bring it into shore . As one person holds onto the line , a massive shark leaps out of the water less than two metres away , thrashing violently to try release itself from the hook . The three men in the video cheer excitedly , without a hint of apprehension . The shark is then pulled into shore , its huge teeth less than a metre away from the feet of the man who brazenly jerks it in to land . As the fisherman is dragged after the shark , his friend grabs hold of his shoulder and they forcefully pull the shark closer in to shore . The video then cuts to a few moments later , as the shark , now inexplicably still and unresponsive , is pulled in to the sand by its tail . The three men on-camera comfortably stand next to the shark , centimetres away from its face and grab it by the head to release the hook . A man in shorts kneels next to the two metre shark in the water , holding it up by its fin and tail . The shark is then pushed back into water by its tail . For a moment the bronzer shark snaps its head around as if to attack , but it proceeds to swim back into deep waters . As it is legal to fish for sharks in New Zealand , it has become a sport known as ` big game fishing ' in which ` shark anglers ' catch and release the creatures . One of the men stands just a metre away from the thrashing shark to pull it onto the sand . However , it crucial that the ` sport ' is only attempted by those that know the techniques which are safe for both the participant and the shark -- to ensure everyone involved remains alive . For many New Zealanders it has become a business to allow people , particularly tourists , to take part in the land-based shark fishing catch and release experience . Companies promise that participants can expect to ` catch fish such as large tiger sharks and hammerheads ' in places such as New Zealand 's Tauranaga Harbour . Shark fisherman focus on using peep release techniques ` to send sharks happily on their way after gaining ` biggest-catch ' bragging rights . ' ` The ` catch and release ' philosophy is in keeping with New Zealand 's dedication to conservation and sustainable fishing , ' according to the New Zealand Tourism Guide website . ` Even in non-release areas , many anglers adopt the catch and release principle , or simply bag only their last catch of the day to take home for eating . ' For the sea creature to survive , it is crucial that people engaging in big-game fishing handle their catch minimally . The fisherman whoop and cheer with delight as the bronzer shark desperately tries to escape . ` When using the catch and release method , anglers should realise that prolonged handling decreases the fish 's chances of survival , ' the website says . New Zealanders even compete in big game finishing tournaments , including the ` SSI Sharkin Catch and Release Tournament ' , which will be held from May 1 and offers prize money for the biggest catch . There are about 113 species of shark in New Zealand waters and of these more than 70 species are caught by fishers . In October 2014 New Zealand finally banned the practice of shark finning , a move that was seen as finally diminishing a primitive practice and ` bringing the country in line with other developed nations ' . New Zealand 's Conservation Minister Nick Smith said the move reinforced the country 's reputation for sustainability and environmental protection . A man grins widely as he holds the shark near the water 's edge with a hand on its tail and another on its fin - but the shark does not turn around to snap at its captor . The new rules made it illegal to remove fins from dead sharks and dump the carcasses at sea . It was already illegal in New Zealand to remove fins from live sharks . Shark fin soup is considered a delicacy by some in China . But the practice of shark finning has been condemned by many environmentalists as inhumane and wasteful . Pew Charitable Trusts estimates at least 100 million sharks are caught commercially each year , threatening the survival of some species . New Zealand officials estimate that commercial fishers catch about 20,000 tons of sharks annually and export about 121 tons of shark fins . Imogen Zethoven , director of Pew 's global shark conservation campaign , said in an email the ban was an important first step , although was unlikely to reduce the numbers of sharks caught in New Zealand . She said Pew would like to see nations impose complete bans on catching shark species threatened with extinction , and sustainable catch limits placed on other species . The shark is then released back into the ocean and it quickly swims back into deep waters .