A top television producer is suing his ex-wife for more than £ 300,000 , claiming that she lied to him about being the father of her son . Chris Lewis , 68 , has brought the unusual court case against 48-year-old former wife Nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years . In court documents he claims Mrs Lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but did not tell him . She had a child -- Charlie , now 19 -- as a result but led him to believe the boy was his , he argues . Suing ex-wife : Chris Lewis , 68 -LRB- left -RRB- has accused his former partner Nicola , 48 -LRB- right -RRB- of duping him about the paternity of her son Charlie . DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son , he says , and as a result of the deception he suffered loss and damages -- and wants compensation totalling £ 322,400 . The claim , made in documents before the High Court in London , says that the pair married in October 1994 and that Mrs Lewis gave birth to Charlie in March 1996 . The couple separated in May 1999 . Although Charlie subsequently lived with his mother , Mr Lewis says he ` would see him regularly and make financial contributions towards his maintenance and advancement ' . He claims that his ex-wife continued to lead him to believe that he was the boy 's biological father and he was recorded as such on the birth certificate . He was discussed as being the father in the course of the couple 's divorce , with Mrs Lewis signing ` statements of truth maintaining that was the case ' . Everything changed in April 2013 , however , shortly after Charlie 's 17th birthday , when both he and Mr Lewis had DNA tests . They are said to have proven beyond doubt that Mr Lewis was not the boy 's father . The court documents claim that Mrs Lewis 's repeated assertions that her ex-husband was the father of her child ` were made fraudulently ' with her ` knowing them to be false or not caring whether they were true or false ' . Mr Lewis 's lawyers say that Mrs Lewis ` had sexual intercourse with David Alderson or an unknown person which resulted in the conception of Charlie in or around May or June 1995 ' . High-profile contract : Mr Lewis 's company , Chris Lewis Media , provided coverage of the Equestrian events at the London Olympics and the TV producer brought Charlie to the venue during the games . They add : ` On no occasion during the parties ' marriage did Mrs Lewis inform Mr Lewis that she had had sexual intercourse with another person/persons . ` She knew that Mr Lewis was not the biological father of Charlie , or was reckless as to whether he was the biological father , or did not believe he was the biological father . ` By reason of her deceit and misrepresentations , Mr Lewis has suffered loss and damage , and claims damages plus interest . ' Mr Lewis was for decades one of the BBC 's leading sports producers , masterminding footage of every Olympic Games since 1972 as well as working on coverage of ten football World Cups . Since leaving the BBC in 2006 , he has specialised in equestrian sports . He is understood to have taken Charlie to equestrian events at the London 2012 Olympics , which his TV company Chris Lewis Media was filming , a few months before he discovered he was not the boy 's father . Speaking about the court case , Mr Lewis , of Twickenham , South West London , said : ` It 's been a very hurtful time for all parties . ' Mrs Lewis lives in a £ 1.2 million house in Shepperton , Surrey , and is a company director of a fireplace shop . She told the Daily Mail last night : ` I have n't even looked at the document from court , and I ca n't say anything because it 's in the hands of my solicitors . ' David Alderson , 59 , of Cobham , Surrey , who is alleged to be a former lover of Mrs Lewis and the possible father of her child , was unavailable for comment last night .