Derby head coach Steve McClaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team after they let 10-man Watford battle back to grab a 2-2 draw at the iPro Stadium . The result leaves Derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two but McClaren admitted his players only had themselves to blame for the latest setback . Derby had been in control until Matej Vydra fired them ahead in the 23rd minute after Cyrus Christie lost the ball out on the right but a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game . Steve McClaren -LRB- left -RRB- screams from the touchline as his Derby side look to strengthen their promotion charge . Tom Ince watches on as his strike flies into the bottom corner to put Derby 2-1 up against Watford . Odion Ighalo -LRB- left -RRB- is joined by team-mate and captain Troy Deeney -LRB- right -RRB- after making the score 2-2 on Friday . Tom Ince put Johnny Russell in and Marco Motta 's wild challenge saw him red-carded before Darren Bent coolly drove the penalty into the top right corner . When Ince burst into the box and turned one way and then the other before bending the ball low past Heurelho Gomes in the 57th minute , it looked bleak for Watford but they hit back when Adlene Guedioura cleverly played in Odion Ighalo to beat Lee Grant from 12 yards in the 75th minute . Bent was denied by the legs of Gomes two minutes later and the keeper leapt to tip over a Richard Keogh header in the final seconds of stoppage time but McClaren knew a great chance had already slipped away . ` We are 2-1 up and I think the plan is going great and then we stopped , ' he said . ` We started to get negative and think the game was won and that 's the disappointment . ` We have to be ruthless , we have to go for the third and fourth and kill teams off but we played as if it was the last two minutes of the game and just tried to keep the ball and they were never going to accept that . ` It 's very frustrating for everyone but we only have ourselves to blame for not taking advantage and not winning that game and getting back in the race . ` I said at half-time we need three goals to win this game , we got the second and I thought we would go on but we did n't go on . There 's anger and frustration but we 've got six games to go and we ca n't feel sorry for ourselves . ` We 've got to react and use the anger and make sure on Monday that we are more ruthless because the performances are still good but we are conceding bad goals . ' Watford head coach Slavisa Jokanovic was ` proud ' of the way his team responded to move to within a point of the top two . Matej Vydra -LRB- left -RRB- smiles to the crowd after putting Watford 1-0 up with his fifth goal in seven matches . Darren Bent slotted the penalty past Heurelho Gomes in the Watford goal to level the scores at 1-1 . Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic was proud of his team 's fight in the 2-2 draw against Derby . He said : ` I am proud because we believed we could change the situation , which is good news with six games in front of us . ` We must be brave and believe in our possibilities . I am always confident in my team because if the players play with confidence , they believe they are a good team and can change the situation in the second half . ` In my opinion -LRB- Motta 's foul -RRB- was not enough for a sending-off but the referee has another opinion and that 's it . Derby play good football but my team play good football too . '