West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for Aaron Cresswell , and that the left back would be better off continuing his development at West Ham amid rumoured interest from Chelsea and Manchester City . Cresswell , 25 , has been a consistent performer for the Hammers since signing from Ipswich for £ 2million last summer , making 32 Premier League appearances and scoring twice in his debut top-flight season . The defender 's performances have not gone un-noticed among the division 's top sides , with Chelsea and Manchester City supposedly eyeing a deal for Cresswell in the summer . But Allarydce claims that club have not been approached with an offer for his services . West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell -LRB- right -RRB- is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City . The 25-year-old has starred for the Hammers this term , scoring twice - including this goal against Newcastle . ` As far as I am concerned , no-one has bid for Aaron Cresswell . So , it 's all pure rumours and speculation , which has to fill the huge amount of media space that you have to fill , ' Allardyce said . ` My problem is : does it affect Aaron Cresswell and affect his performance ? ` Players can lose that focus on that rumour and that 's for me to make sure Aaron does what he can all season and he performs on a consistent basis . What will happen in the summer , we will wait and see . ` I have even heard somebody said we have put a £ 25m buyout on him . That 's the first I know , I have n't heard anything from myself or through owners to say `` well , if somebody wants AC they would have to pay 25m . ' '' Despite Cresswell 's smooth negotiation of the step up to the Premier League from the Championship , Allardyce firmly believes he would be better served staying with the east London side next season . Upton Park boss Sam Allardyce -LRB- centre -RRB- believes Cresswell would be better off staying to develop his game . ` There 's no doubt about that , because he 's year one in the Premier League . Year one is an ongoing experience that you have that you know the level , ' Allardyce continued . ` Aaron now needs to grow from that experience . His challenge is to continue to work as harder than he has this year , not to rest on his laurels , to think that he 's here . ` We have seen players do that and then year two more of a disaster than his impressive first year . His professionalism will come into play start of next year by where he gets and if he gets to the next level .