Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head and record a first PGA Tour victory since 2010 . The former US Open champion , 44 , carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt , whose three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on Sunday , when play was started early because of fears over the weather . However , it was not enough to see off Kisner , who also tied at 18 under when he sank a birdie with his final putt . US veteran Jim Furyk celebrates after completing victory at the RBC Heritage . The 2010 winner claimed a second title at Harbour Town after coming through a playoff against Kevin Kisner . The former US Open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play . Jim Furyk -18 . Kevin Kisner -18 . Troy Merritt -16 . Brendon Todd -15 . Matt Kuchar -14 . After levelling the first additional hole with birdies on the 18th , it was Furyk who emerged victorious to claim the tartan jacket when he dropped in his second shot at the par-three 17th from 12ft after Kisner had come up short . Furyk revealed his delight at ending his title drought , telling the PGA Tour website : ` I 've let so many slide by , I really dug deep today and I 'm happy I got it done . ' He admitted he rode his luck on the front nine , where he approached the turn on six under for his round despite several way ward shots . ` I hit a bad drive at two , I hit a bad second shot at two , I hit about 14 trees down the right side and I hit a nine iron to two feet and made birdie , ' he said . ` I tugged it off three , it 's going way left - where I 'm going to get blocked out - and it hits a tree and drops on the fairway , I knock a five iron on to the green . ` Then I tugged it off the fifth tee really bad , hit a tree and dropped down in front of the lake instead of going in the lake and turned that into a par . ` At that point I 'm thinking ` I 've got to start hitting the ball a little bit better here but things are going my way ' . I kind of righted the ship for six through 10 and felt a little bit better about my swing and putts were going in left and right on that front nine . ` I really did n't hit it that well to shoot 30 on the front -LRB- nine -RRB- , I know it sounds funny but I just made everything . ' Kisner took his countryman all the way before losing sudden death playoff at the 17th hole . Recent US Masters champion Jordan Spieth finished tied 11th after a final round 70 . Luke Donald was the highest placed Englishman after tied 15th on nine-under par . Merrit , who had hit a course-record 61 on Friday , finished third on 16 under , one stroke ahead of Brendon Todd with defending champion Matt Kuchar one further back . US Masters champion Jordan Spieth ended tied for 11th at 10 under following a closing round of 70 , which included a double bogey on the par-three 14th after his tee shot went into the water . Former Open champion Louis Oosthuizen was tied seventh after a 67 left the South African on 12 under . A 70 from England 's Luke Donald saw him slip down the field to finish tied 15th at nine under having looked in contention after successive rounds of 66 .