Charged with four offences : Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson arrives to answer bail at Peterlee police station in County Durham yesterday . An England footballer was yesterday charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . Adam Johnson , 27 , who plays in the Premier League for Sunderland and has represented his country 12 times , faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted . The £ 10million winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at Peterlee police station , Durham . Johnson , the father of a three-month-old daughter , has been accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming . The £ 50,000-a-week player is due to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court . His team is playing Arsenal away that evening in the penultimate game of their league battle against relegation . The case threatens to put an end to the talented attacker 's glittering career . Last night , it was not clear if he will be allowed to continue playing before his case is dealt with . Gerry Wareham , of the Crown Prosecution Service , announced the decision to charge Johnson . He said it was in the public interest to charge the footballer and there was a ` realistic prospect ' of a conviction . Johnson was told of the charges he will face during a 20-minute meeting with detectives . Dressed in a navy tracksuit and white trainers , he emerged grim-faced and walked swiftly out of the police station without commenting before being driven away . He stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to Section 9 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 . The offences are said to have taken place between December 30 last year and February 26 . He has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under Section 15 of the Act . Johnson was arrested on March 2 at his six-bedroom , £ 1.9 million home in Castle Eden , near Hartlepool . Court date : Premier League winger Johnson -LRB- centre -RRB- will appear at Peterlee Magistrates ' Court on May 20 . Winger : Johnson -LRB- left , with long-time girlfriend Stacey Flounders , and right , in a match against Newcastle United on April 5 -RRB- has made 31 appearances for Sunderland this season , scoring five goals . He became a father for the first time on January 8 when his girlfriend Stacey Flounders , 25 , gave birth to their daughter Ayla Sofia . The alleged sexual activity offences cover a period while she was pregnant and after she gave birth . Johnson was born in Sunderland and raised in Easington , County Durham , before joining Middlesbrough 's youth academy as a 12-year-old . He made his Premier League debut for the club in 2005 and was sold in 2010 to Manchester City . Sunderland signed him for £ 10million in 2012 . Initially the player was suspended after his arrest . But two weeks later , he was allowed back to training and returned to the team under Sunderland 's new manager Dick Advocaat . Home : The Premier League winger was arrested at his mansion -LRB- pictured -RRB- in County Durham on March 2 . Former Middlesbrough star : Adam Johnson has represented England at senior level 12 times . Adam Johnson began his career at Middlesbrough , where he made his debut in a Uefa Cup game in 2005 , aged just 17 . Almost six months later , he turned out for the first time in the Premier League , taking part in a 2-1 home win against Arsenal . He was loaned out to Leeds United then Watford , scoring 12 goals in his three-month stay at the Hertfordshire club . On his return to Middlesbrough , he again showed strong form , then made a £ 7million move to Manchester City in February 2010 . In three seasons at the Etihad Stadium , the speedy winger made 97 appearances , helping win the Barclays Premier League , FA Cup and Community Shield . In August 2012 he moved back to his native North East , to Sunderland , in a £ 10million deal , and highlights of his time there have included a hat-trick on January 11 last year in a 4-1 away win over Fulham . He said after taking the match ball as a memento : ` These days do n't come along too often unless you 're Messi or Ronaldo , so it was nice for me to get that ball as a souvenir to look back on . ` This is up there with one of my best days of my career along with playing for England , scoring for England . ' He was awarded the Barclays Player of the Month award that month . The 27-year-old has represented England at under-19 and under-21 level , and at senior level 12 times , the last of them in a friendly victory over Italy in August 2012 . He has struggled to reproduce his best form on a sustained basis at Sunderland , but endeared himself to the fans with goals in each of the club 's three derby victories at Newcastle in as many seasons , including a late winner at St James ' Park on December 21 last year . Derby win : Winger Johnson scored a late winner against Newcastle United at St James ' Park last December . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .