Disneyland has captured the imaginations for generations since its opening in 1955 , but there is much that many people do not know about this magical place . Chris Strodder has created a handy book , The Disneyland Book of Lists , which contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure . You will find out how many people have given birth in Disneyland , California , what the official pet food brand is , and how the ladies ' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day . Here , MailOnline Travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort that you may not have known about ... Scroll down for video . Disneyland has seen a number of changes since its grand beginning in 1955 to the worldwide popular theme park it is today , pictured here is Sleeping Beauty 's Castle back in 1955 -LRB- left -RRB- and how it looks today -LRB- right -RRB- . 1 . Before Disney was opened Walt received a wealth of advice , most of which he ignored . This included building non-revenue attractions -LRB- such as Sleeping Beauty 's castle -RRB- , not selling alcohol to increase profits , and for customer convenience , offer multiple entrances and exits -RRB- . However for a short time guests could get beer with their picnic baskets in the outdoor Holidayland in 1957-1961 . 2 . In the Fantasyland 's Peter Pan ride , as guests fly out of the bedroom window , sometimes the alphabet blocks spell out Disney . 3 . On Main Street , there is a tribute to Walt Disney 's father , Elias Disney , in a window above the emporium . 4 . When Disneyland first opened in California on July 17 , 1955 , it was predicted that 10,000 people would attend . Celebrities , reporters , employees , and sponsors were given staggered times on their tickets , to ease congestion getting in . However many people arrived earlier than their allotted time , with 20,000 more hopefuls queuing outside for miles around . Walt Disney received a wealth of advice , most of which he ignored before opening his fun park . Disneyland in California is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of Walt Disney . 5 . The summer heat on that opening Sunday was so great that some of the newly poured pavement started to soften , and trapped some of the ladies ' heels . 6 . It was intended that there would be a Peter Pan Crocodile Attraction with live fish . Disney artist Bruce Bushman included the aquarium on his original designs , which depicted guests walking through a crocodile 's jaws to get to a marine viewing area . 7 . In 1955 , an adult ticket cost a mere $ 1 , with additional charges for attractions . Even with the extra costs , the average spend was $ 2.37 -LRB- according to a press release by Disney , and included parking charges of 25 cents , admission , rides , amusements and souvenirs . 8 . This cost contrasts strongly with 2015 , and tickets are now priced at $ 99 , attractions included . It is estimated that guests spend a whopping 83 times the amount they did in 1955 , totalling $ 196 . This includes the $ 17 parking , admission , souvenirs , and an estimated average food spend of $ 50 . A then and now comparison of Disneyland Park in Anaheim California , with founder Walt Disney pictured left . Luxury has remained a constant through the years at Disneyland in California , enjoyed by thousands each year . Disneyland Park , originally Disneyland , is the first of two theme parks built at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California , opened on July 17 , 1955 . 9 . The first paying guest was a 22-year-old student called Dave MacPherson who queued up at 2 am for the opening day for the public . 10 . The youngest guests in the park have been zero , as three babies have been born in the parks , the first being born near the Plaza Inn in 1979 . 11 . Fifteen presidents have visited the parks , but not during office . 12 . The total cost for creating Disneyland was $ 17million , which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of Splash Mountain $ 75million in 1989 , and $ 100-150million for Indiana Jones Adventure in 1995 . While the magic has remained throughout the years at the fun park , rides have developed with the times . All staff are trained to a high level at the park to ensure guests have maximum enjoyment . 13 . Many companies have sought to be the official providers for Disneyland over the years . Ones that have been featured as Kal Kan as the official pet food , Orville Redenbacher 's being the official popcorn and Wonderbread being the official bread . 14 . The parks draw over 16 million tourists nowadays but the least busiest times to come include the first two weeks of November and December , the weeks between Easter and Memorial Day , and the weeks between New Year 's Day and Martin Luther King Jr day . 15 . On May 2 , 2006 , the two-billionth customer to attend a Disney park visited Disneyland . 16 . The most expensive item in the gift shop to buy is the crystal castle in Crystal Arts which is on sale for $ 37,500 . The total cost for creating Disneyland was $ 17million , which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of Splash Mountain $ 75million in 1989 . Disneyland Park has around 16 million tourists a year , but it 's worth checking when the least busy times are . 17 . There are 24 themed clocks around the parks that actually tell the wrong time . If you are keen to count them all , a couple to get you started are the Big Ben during the Peter Pan ride , which is at 7.15 , and Mickey 's Toontown City Hall clock which spins quickly . 18 . In Minnie Mouse 's house there is a shopping list stuck to the fridge which only has various types of cheese listed on it . 19 . Unsurprisingly due to the number of snap-happy visitors , in 2014 , Instagram named Disneyland as the most geotagged location worldwide . 20 . Snow White 's evil witch peeks out the window in the tower above Snow White 's Scary Adventures every 24 seconds . A fresh lick of paint does no harm to ensuring some of the traditional builds maintain their impact . Disneyland is the most geotagged location in the world , which is perhaps no surprise . 21 . Only 5 per cent of the plants grown in the park by the Evans brothers were native to California . 22 . Disneyland 's classic carousel , is fitted with 68 leaping white horses , all of which have individual names and distinctive decorations . 23 . Tom Sawyer Island is particularly special as it was said to be the only early Disneyland attraction to be personally designed by Walt , according to Bob Thomas in Walt Disney : An American Original . 24 . The Haunted Mansion opened in 1969 , but the 1957 plans originally stated for it to be a murderous sea captain who hanged himself . A hanging corpse still be seen early in the attraction . On May 2 , 2006 the two-billionth customer to attend a Disney park visited Disneyland .