With the Premier League season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window . Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from . Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June . Manchester City 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder James Milner could leave as a free agent . Goalkeeper - Gerhard Tremmel -LRB- Swansea -RRB- . At 36 years old , he is no spring chicken , but Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side . Tremmel has played second fiddle to Michel Vorm and then Lukasz Fabianski during his four years at Swansea , but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the Swans beat Bradford in the Capital One Cup final two years ago . Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups . Right-back - Glen Johnson -LRB- Liverpool -RRB- . England 's first-choice right-back at the World Cup is still a regular for Liverpool , but he looks almost certain to end his six-year spell at Anfield this summer . Johnson , who has 54 England caps , is on a bumper deal at the Merseyside club and there seems to be little appetite to keep him on the books . England 's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool after six years this summer . Centre-back - Kolo Toure -LRB- Liverpool -RRB- . Another regular at Liverpool who is still to extend his contract . Toure kept Cristiano Ronaldo quiet with an excellent display when Real Madrid came to Anfield in November , but the 34-year-old Ivorian lacks consistency and has made some terrible gaffes in his time at the club . Inconsistency has been Kolo Toure 's curse - the 34-year-old Ivorian has produced some howlers at Liverpool . Centre-back - Ron Vlaar -LRB- Aston Villa -RRB- . Vlaar performed so well at the World Cup that his omission from the team of the tournament raised a few eyebrows , especially when Thiago Silva was selected ahead of him . Injury has restricted the Dutchman to 16 appearances for Villa this season . At 30 , he has at least a couple of years left in him yet and will surely be courted by other top-flight teams . Holland 's Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the World Cup but could leave Aston Villa . Left-back - Luke Garbutt -LRB- Everton -RRB- . Everton have been doing everything they can to tie this promising young defender down to a new deal , but he is yet to put pen to paper . The 21-year-old has played nine times for Everton this year and faces a big battle to displace Leighton Baines so he may fancy a challenge elsewhere . Everton want to lock the talented 21-year-old Luke Garbutt down for the long term but he 's yet to commit . Right wing - James Milner -LRB- Manchester City -RRB- . Probably the most high-profile free agent available this summer , Milner has 15 years ' worth of top-flight experience to his name and 53 England caps . Milner is both tenacious and creative , either in the centre of midfield or out wide , and he is still a year off his 30th birthday . Milner has 15 years in top flight experience , 53 England caps and still is n't 30 , so a great buy for someone . Central midfield - Mikel Arteta -LRB- Arsenal -RRB- . Named Arsenal captain last summer , but Arteta has not played for the Gunners since November due to injury . Hard to see him displacing the in-form Francis Coquelin on his return . May be 33 , but still has a good eye for a pass and is also a free-kick specialist . Mikel Arteta has n't played for Arsenal since November due to injury and will need to displace Francis Coquelin . Central midfield - Tom Cleverley -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- . Named captain for a tour match against Roma last summer , Cleverley clearly thought he had a future under new United manager Louis van Gaal . ` I think I 'm going to be his type of player , ' he said . But alas , that did not prove to be the case . The 25-year-old was farmed out on loan to Aston Villa , where he has played 30 times . He is not wanted back at United . Villa and Everton are keen to sign the England international . Unwanted by Manchester United , Aston Villa and Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley . Left wing - Jonas Gutierrez -LRB- Newcastle -RRB- . Bravely battled back from testicular cancer to return to the Newcastle squad last month , but is no longer wanted by his club . Will be 32 in the summer , but still a good operator and would prove an inspirational figure to younger players around him . Testicular cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will be an important figure somewhere , even if it is n't Newcastle . Striker - Danny Ings -LRB- Burnley -RRB- . One of a number of young English strikers pushing for national selection after scoring nine goals for Burnley this season . Rumoured to be of interest to Manchester United and their neighbours City , as well as David Moyes ' Real Sociedad . Manchester United and City are said to be interested in Burnley 's dangerous striker Danny Ings . Striker - James Wilson -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- . Promoted to the first-team squad last summer following a fairytale debut under Ryan Giggs against Hull . The 19-year-old has played 16 times under Van Gaal , but has struggled to get on the bench recently and despite rumours of a new deal being close , the United academy product is yet to agree terms . James Wilson , 19 , has played 16 times under Louis van Gaal but is now struggling to get on the bench .