Genetically engineering plants and crops to change their DNA has been a cause of much controversy in recent years . But new research has found that Mother Nature might be making its own GM food , as sweet potatoes have been found to genetically modify themselves . And this seems to have been occurring for thousands of years , meaning humans have been unknowingly eating GM foods for much longer than they thought . Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- contain ` foreign DNA ' . Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . This makes sweet potatoes a ` natural genetically modified organism ' . And humans have been eating it for thousands of years . The remarkable finding of ` foreign DNA ' in the vegetable shows that it contains a type of natural genetically modified organism -LRB- GMO -RRB- . The research was conducted by scientists from Ghent University in Belgium and the International Potato Institute -LRB- CIP -RRB- . Sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for human consumption , especially in Sub-Sahara Africa , parts of Asia and the Pacific islands . It is one of the earliest domesticated crops with archeological findings in caves of the Cholca Canyon in Peru that are 8,000 to 10,000 years old . Despite the name , sweet potato is not related to potato ; we eat the tuber from potato , while from sweet potato mainly the storage root is eaten . Other sweet potato parts are edible , such as the leaves . It is not the first instance of natural GMOs to be found , but it is the first in sweet potatoes - a major crop plant . And the researchers say sweet potatoes all over the world contain this genetic modification . The study focused around bacteria called Agrobacterium , sometimes referred to as ` nature 's genetic engineer . ' It is known to do something called ` horizontal gene transfer ' , which involves exchanging genes between different species - in contrast to normal gene transfer within one species . Agrobacterium is specialised to transfer part of its own DNA , called T-DNA , to plants - and it was this T-DNA that was found in sweet potatoes . In total the researchers studied 291 samples of sweet potato from the Americas , Africa , Asia and Oceania , and found evidence of Agrobacterium in all of them . Agrobacterium is known to do something called ` horizontal gene transfer ' , which involves exchanging genes between different species - in contrast to normal gene transfer within one species . This so-called transgenic process is similar to the artificial process induced by humans -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- . Sweet potato -LRB- shown -RRB- is one of the most important food crops for human consumption , especially in Sub-Sahara Africa , parts of Asia and the Pacific islands . It is one of the earliest domesticated crops with archeological findings in caves of the Cholca Canyon in Peru that are 8,000 to 10,000 years old . ` The natural presence of Agrobacterium T-DNA in sweet potato and its stable inheritance during evolution is a beautiful example of the possibility of DNA exchange across species barriers , ' said Dr Lieve Gheysen , one of the researchers involved . ` It demonstrates that genetic modification also happens in nature . ' The research suggests that the bacterial DNA may have adapted sweet potato for thousands of years in the natural process . The transgenic process - a gene that has been transferred naturally - is similar to the artificial process induced by humans . However , the difference pointed out by the resarchers is that we can control the man-made process , while the natural process is out of our hands . ` In comparison to `` natural '' GMOs , that are beyond our control , human-made GMOs have the advantage that we know exactly which characteristic we add to the plant , ' said Dr Gheysen .