Probably the most extraordinary thing about the island of St Helena is that it was ever found at all . A tiny ten by six mile speck in the South Atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of West Africa , it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years able to evolve its own unique flora and fauna untouched by the outside world . But almost from the moment Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova was blown there by the Trade Winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size . Jamestown is the capital of the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena , discovered by in 1502 by Juan de Nova . It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year . It played a role in both slavery and its abolition : when the trade became illegal it was the base from which the British sought to capture the perpetrators and free their human cargo . And it was the place to which Napoleon was exiled after his defeat at Waterloo . The emperor who had escaped Elba was not going to get away so easily from the most isolated place on earth . Framed by cragged volcanic cliffs soaring 800 metres -LRB- 2,600 feet -RRB- above sea level , the island is just 122 square kilometres in total . The island , which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown . Early next year a £ 218m airport will open and make this British Overseas Territory no longer quite so isolated . At the moment though the only way to get there is still by sea and for most that means the RMS St. Helena . This Royal Mail Ship is the island 's lifeline . It carries in all its supplies and up to 150 passengers who range from returning or departing Saints -LRB- as the residents are known -RRB- to tourists with a taste for something different as well as , more recently , construction workers , entrepreneurs and conservation experts . Early next year , an airport will open on the island . The £ 218 million project will make this British Overseas Territory far more accessible . Once the airport is open in February 2016 , the ship service - which takes five days from Cape Town - will be retired . Here , the runway of the future airport is visible . The upcoming airport will be located in the Prosperous Bay Plain area of the island . This means it 's a ship of two halves : the front laden with dozens of huge containers , the back a sun deck where we take dips in the little swimming pool and play quoits , shuffleboard , skittles and passengers v. crew cricket . In between are a couple of lounges with bars where travellers can listen to talks and watch films . These are not compulsory , of course , and many of the Saints for whom the voyage is basically just a bus service sit and watch benignly . For the rest of us they 're a wonderful ice-breaker and a source of great fun and fierce rivalry : passions are running particularly high by the final of the three night accumulator quiz . As it stands , the only way to reach Saint Helena is via ship - the RMS St. Helena , a Royal Mail Ship that transports all supplies to the island . Traveller Liz Gill describes the ship as a ` ship of two halves ' : the front laden with dozens of huge containers , with a sundeck out back . We are fortified in all this by the most enormous hearty meals : there 's even an extra savoury course after the cheese at dinner though I never get that far myself . Sailing on the St. Helena has been like stepping back in time . Captain Rodney Young himself tells me that sometimes he surveys the deck and thinks this is still a bit of Empire on which the sun has not yet set . For me at times though it seems even further back and I think a lot about all those ancient mariners crossing this vast ocean where in a ten-day round trip we sight only two other ships and even the wandering albatrosses say goodbye after a couple of days . It 's good preparation for the island itself which emerges from the waves at dawn like a dream . There is in fact something rather Alice-in-Wonderland-ish about St Helena as if everything has shrunken to produce a geography and a society in miniature . The edge of the runway will offer spectacular views of the blue water , nestled among the jagged rocks of the coastline . While visiting , Liz climbed the island 's infamous Jacob 's Ladder : a 699-step staircase that towers 600 feet in the air . So within only 47 square miles of land mass there are barren deserts and lush cloud forests , a black sand beach and towering crags , rolling pastureland and peaks of up to 2,700 feet . On a central ridge it 's possible to look in one direction on the empty moonscape of Sandy Bay and in another on sheep scattered fields which could be in Sussex . Similarly in human terms for a population of 4,000 , barely the size of an English village , there is a governor , a legislative council , a hospital , three primary and one secondary school , a cathedral with a bishop plus places of worship for several different denominations , a police force , a prison , two newspapers and two radio stations . What this means for the visitor is a wide range of activities . I seemed to fill almost every hour of the nine days I spent there while the ship sailed on to Ascension Island and back . Despite being barely the size of an English village , the capital boasts a legislative council , several schools and two newspapers . Two were spent walking : there are lots of trails graded in difficulty and many routes have ` post boxes ' which hold visitors books and rubber stamps . One day we climbed Diana 's Peak in the company of David Pryce , a mine-of-information Englishman known locally as The Bug Man who is on a three year project to catalogue the local invertebrates . On another we walked with a young Saint Aaron Legg to Lot 's Wife 's Ponds , Lot and his wife being giant geological features and the pool being a serene inlet protected by rocks from the crashing waves beyond and filled with colourful fish . The walk was an hour 's climb up a steep rocky hillside and half an hour 's descent down the other side ending in having to slither down a rope for the last 30 feet but more than worth it . It was one of the loveliest places where I have ever swum . Marine life is a big attractions for snorkelers and divers -- there are also several wrecks to explore -- and fishermen who can chase tuna , wahoo and marlin . We were too late for the seasonal visit of whale sharks but 200 dolphins did their best to compensate , cavorting around our boat as we sailed out to the seabird colonies . I also had an enchanting afternoon watching wirebirds , the island 's only endemic bird so called because of its spindly legs and something of a conservation success story . The island is full of trails - of varying levels of difficulty - as well as fabulous swimming and diving opportunities . As well as there being several ship wrecks to explore , the marine life is another major draw for snorkellers and divers alike . By contrast there was a Napoleon themed day : a visit to Briars Pavilion where he stayed briefly when he first arrived , Longwood House where he lived for six years until his death in 1821 and his tomb in the pretty valley setting he chose himself . Though his body was repatriated to France 19 years later and much of Longwood 's contents like the clothes and the death masks are replicas , the places are still resonant if melancholy . And it 's not every day one can stand on the exact spot where an emperor passed away . . Other experiences included a cookery lesson making tuna fishcakes , pumpkin stew and pilau -- pronounced plo -- a spicy legacy of St Helena 's diversity , which its people made up from arrivals from India , China , Madagascar , Britain and West Africa . There were also visits to the ` world 's remotest distillery ' run by ex-pat Brit Paul Heckling who produces among other drinks a spirit called tungi made from prickly pear and ' the world 's remotest coffee plantation ' run by another ex-pat Bill Bolton who decided to revive the Bourbon Arabica bushes originally brought over from Yemen in 1732 . Saint Helena is also home to the ` world 's most remote distillery ' and the ` world 's remotest coffee plantation , ' both run by British ex-pats . Then there was the small but excellent museum , the forts , batteries and cannons dotted around the place , the fine collection of St Helena prints and drawings at Prince 's Lodge -LRB- in pre-photography days ships had their own artists on board -RRB- , the Boer cemetery -LRB- 6,000 were imprisoned here during the Boer War but given freedom to work , trade and organise events -RRB- and the Plantation House grounds to see Jonathan the tortoise who is at least 182 years old and probably the world 's oldest reptile . And finally I did what any self-respecting visitor has to do and climbed Jacob 's Ladder . Once a tramway for hauling goods up the cliff side in the capital Jamestown this is now a terrifyingly steep 600 ft high staircase of 699 steps . Not wanting to risk passing out halfway up , I took it very slowly , pausing every 50 steps and reaching the top in 28 minutes . I was pretty puffed up with pride but quickly deflated when I learned the record stands at 5 minutes 11 seconds . Discover the World -LRB- 01737 214 291 ; www.discover-the-world.co.uk -RRB- offers a 20-night self-drive holiday to St Helena from now until March 2016 priced from £ 3,451 pp -LRB- two sharing -RRB- including 10 nights on the ship , two nights in Cape Town and 8 nights bed & breakfast on the island . For more information about St Helena , visit www.sthelenatourism.com . Currently , the only way to reach the island is aboard the RMS St. Helena , learn more at www.rms-st-helena.com .