For a safari lodge it 's tourism gold dust to have regular visits from non-violent wildlife to give guests a feeling of being up close and personal with nature . But for one luxury South African resort , Etali Safari Lodge , which offers game drives and walks to see the continent 's Big Five , one of the animals is often ticked off the list before leaving the hotel . One African elephant has take a particular liking to resort 's pool and deck area - so much so staff have nicknamed the elephant Troublesome . This elephant has taken such a liking to the Etali Safari Lodge 's pools he has been nicknamed Troublesome . The cheeky African elephant has subverted the resort 's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools . Troublesome is n't shy of the resort staff and has no problem spraying them with water from his trunk . Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali in the Madikwe Game Reserve and has become a regular visitor to the splash pools there over the past four years , much to guests ' amusement . Video footage shows the cheeky African elephant wandering into the complex as if he owns the joint - he certainly knows his way around - before seeking refreshment from the splash pools . Troublesome likes to dip his trunk into the pools for a drink , but also enjoys having some fun with the humans and has no problem spraying them with water - or maybe he 's reminding them who 's boss . While sundowners on the deck overlooking a herd of local elephants is a regular feature for Etali guests , having an elephant joining them for a drink is n't part of the plan . Troublesome has been a regular visitor to Etali in the Madikwe Game Reserve for the past four years . A guest watches on as Troublesome wanders around the deck and pool area as if he owns the joint . Safety concerns and the fact he is emptying out the pools with his antics have led resort staff to take action and try to keep their four-legged friend out of the grounds , but it appears Troublesome is living up to his name and keeps out-witting them . Etali Safari Lodge 's manager Kristoff Potgieter said efforts to deter him have fallen on deaf ears . ` After our previous incidents with Troublesome and the other elephants around the lodge , we have tried to deter them from emptying out the splash pools , ' he said . The more conventional interaction with the elephants -LRB- centre -RRB- is with a sundowner on the deck by the pool . The splash pool at the luxury safari resort is regularly emptied out by the visiting elephant . Troublesome has thwarted attempts to deter him because he likes the clear water offers by the resort . ` However Troublesome is no ordinary elephant , he wandered around the pathways of the lodge looking for his gap , and keeping our staff and guests on their toes ! ` Finally he figured out that he could make it to the edge of our main pool at the edge of the main lodge wooden deck . ` He just can not resist the cool , clear water of our pool . ' When Etali boasts it offers ` guests a unique and personal African bush experience wherein nature , relaxation and luxury combine to form an unforgettable memory ' , they 're not kidding .