Jose Mourinho will play Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas against Queens Park Rangers , despite the threat of the duo missing the crunch clashes against Arsenal and Manchester United . The pair are both just one booking away from suspension , a dangerous situation given the top of the table clash against the Gunners next weekend and trip to Old Trafford on April 17 . But Mourinho insists his midfield twosome will play at Loftus Road on Sunday . Chelsea 's Cesc Fabregas will start against QPR despite being one booking away from a two-game ban . Nemanja Matic would miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if he is shown a yellow card . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday 's London derby at Loftus Road . Asked if the pair would start in his pre-match press conference , Mourinho said : ` Yeah . Always the same . We do n't want bookings . We try not to get yellow cards . ` In the last match our opponent had 22 fouls and we had five . The way we play it 's not easy for our players to be booked . ` The game is a three points game . We need points , we need victories . It does n't make sense to think about some games -LRB- Arsenal and Manchester United -RRB- and not about others . ` We have to win every game . We have to win the next game . We do n't think about the points we have or the match we have in hand . ` They -LRB- QPR -RRB- need points in these remaining six games . It 's a difficult game . ' Mourinho has never taken a team to Loftus Road before but he expects the home fans to create a tough atmosphere for his players . Loic Remy is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring a vital goal against Stoke last weekend . Striker Diego Costa is the only player on Mourinho 's injury list after coming off against Stoke last weekend . Asked whether he thought Sunday 's game would be hostile , Mourinho said : ` That 's what people tell me . We go to play , we go to win . People in the stands can play a role but they can not score goals . ` I 'm not worried . I 'm focused on playing our game . ' Mourinho would not be drawn on John Terry 's return to Loftus Road after the former England captain was given a four-match ban and fined £ 220,000 for allegedly racially abusing Hoops defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . Ferdinand 's brother , Rio , is now part of Chris Ramsey 's squad but Mourinho does not believe the incident will affect his skipper . He said : ` I think it 's just a football match . A very important game for both teams . We know they want to win and they know we want to win . It 's not an easy match . '