Freddie Roach insisted on Saturday that Floyd Mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside Manny Pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation as the two boxers put the finishing touches to their preparations for the Fight of the Century in Las Vegas a week on Saturday . Roach , Pacquiao 's trainer , said he rated super-middleweight star Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather despite the American 's unbeaten record and his status as hot favourite for the May 2 showdown against Pacquiao . ` Mayweather is undefeated so you have to give him a little credit for that , ' said Roach , ` but he has picked and chosen his opponents and I do n't think he 's fought enough competition to be considered the best . You have to fight the best to be the best , I feel . He 's ducked a lot of guys . Manny Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach says that Floyd Mayweather can not be considered best ever . Roach says that Mayweather has picked and chosen his fights during his career . ` Manny has had some devastating losses in his career but he is a realist . He understands that losing is part of the game and if you do n't think you are going to get knocked out in this sport , you have picked the wrong sport . I 'd put Ward and Triple G above Mayweather right now . They are very talented guys and very polished boxers . ' Roach has been vocal in an otherwise low-key and surprisingly respectful build-up to the welterweight showdown next month and knows that his tactics have made the stakes even higher for him . But he is adamant Pacquiao will spring a surprise in the most eagerly awaited fight for years . ` The fight will be won and lost on the ropes , ' said Roach . ` If Mayweather goes to the ropes and tries to rest his legs , he will get beat . If he has good movement the entire night and his legs do n't give out on him , he 'll probably win . It 's about outscoring him . If he sits on the ropes , we can outscore him . If he stays in the middle of the ring and boxes all the time he could possibly outscore us . ' Roach claimed Pacquiao is in the best shape of his life , moving faster and punching harder than ever before . ` He trains harder than any fighter I have ever had in my life , ' said Roach . ` I have had 33 world champions and nobody can touch him for his work ethic . His attitude is good . ` This fight can send out a message about what we need to do in boxing . When the best fights the best , do you see how big this is ? Someone needs to wake up and put the best with the best all the time . Because when that happens , we have the best sport in the world . I do n't care who likes who , you can still negotiate business . Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward higher than he does undefeated Mayweather . Roach , who has trained Pacquiao for 15 years , says the Filipino is in the best shape of his life . ` It 's a better fight today than it was five years ago because they were both a lot faster and more mobile five years ago and it might have been more of a boxing match but now they 're a little bit older , it 's going to be a better fight . ` I believe Manny can win this fight . I kind of have to win this fight . I 've been talking a lot . It 's more important than anything to me . It 's more important to me than getting my girlfriend , Maya , back . It 's that big because , I mean , I really like this girl . ` My mother told me , `` You must like her ; you put her Christmas tree up for her , you bought her a car and those earrings you bought her cost £ 14,000 each '' . ` After this fight maybe I 'll try to get her back . '