The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office falsified the training and firearms records of the millionaire reserve deputy who shot dead an unarmed suspect by mistake , claim sources within the department . They allege that at least three of 73-year-old Robert Bates ' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours - and that he was not fit to police the streets . The allegations of corruption published in the Tulsa World come after claims the wealthy CEO ` paid to play cop ' , which ultimately led to the events of April 2 when he fired his handgun instead of his Taser , killing 44-year-old Eric Harris . Scroll Down for Video . Allegations of corruption : Robert Bates , -LRB- right -RRB- , arrives at the Tulsa County Jail with his attorney , Clark Brewster on Tuesday . The shocking claims come in the same week that Bates turned himself to face charges of second-degree manslaughter for Harris ' death . Charged : Robert Bates is free on $ 25,000 bail and is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris on April 2 . The sources who spoke to Tulsa World claim that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy , despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise . Indeed , Sheriff Glanz and Bates ' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an ` advanced reserve ' and had undergone 480 hours training . However , when asked to produced proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons , including the revolver he fired at Harris , the Sheriff 's Office say they have been unable to find the paperwork . The office claims that the deputy who certified Bates has now moved on to work for the Secret Service . ` We ca n't find the records that she supposedly turned in , ' said Glanz according to the Tulsa World . ` So we are going to talk to her to find out if for sure he 's been qualified with those weapons . ' The Tulsa World have said that they heard ` almost immediately ' after the shooting that Bates was allegedly not qualified to be a deputy and that his records had been pushed through the office . The Tulsa World claims to have seen a whole list of the courses that Bates got credit for , but the names of his supervisors have been redacted - a practice they said they had never seen for a public official in Oklahoma . Charged : Bates , 73 , accidentally grabbed his pistol and shot Harris -LRB- left , in a previous mug shot -RRB- dead , according to Tulsa police . Bates is classified as an advanced deputy . Redacted : These are the official records of Robert Bates ' training - which the Tulsa World is claiming have been beefed up . One of the reporters at the paper told CNN that they are demanding the office turn over the names . ` You would think the sheriff 's office , if in fact there has been no pressure applied , no falsification of records , that they would be forthcoming with these documents , ' she told CNN 's ` New Day . ' ` We 've asked for them . They 've said they do n't believe they 're public records . ' Undersheriff Tim Albin has vehemently denied that the records that qualify Bates are false . ` The training record speaks for itself . I have absolutely no knowledge of what you are talking about , ' Albin said to Tulsa World . ` There are n't any secrets in law enforcement . Zero . Those types of issues would have come up . ' Bates , who shot dead Harris during a botched undercover operation after a brief struggle is currently free on $ 25,000 bail . Shooting : This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month . Harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . Terrified : The fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man . ' He then adds : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ' Video from the incident reveals that as soon as Bates realized he had shot Harris he dropped his gun and immediately said , ` Oh I shot him ! I 'm sorry . ' Bates is classified by the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office as an ` advanced reserve ' . This means that he went through 480 hours training of the ` Field Training Officer ' or FTO . The Harris family legal team say they believe these traning records are a lie and do not exist . Indeed , already questions have been raised as to the authenticity of Bates ' records . The Sheriff 's Office have previously said that Bates joined the force in 2008 , but when he was asked he said he joined in 2007 . In his statement to the Tulsa investigators , Bates said he had previously attended a five-day homicide school in Dallas and also received ` active shooter response training ' with the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office in Arizona . He also claims to have been involved in ` at least 100 other ' assignments . The corruption allegations come as it emerged that Bates contributed $ 2,500 to Sheriff Glanz 's re-election campaign and that he has donated vehicles and video to the office . However , Glanz has denied that Bates ` paid to play a cop ' . ` No matter how you cut it up , Deputy Bates met all the criteria on the Council on Law Enforcement Education and Training to be in the role that he was in , ' he said to CNN .