North Charleston police are facing growing accusations that killer cop Michael Slager would have got away with a cover up had a bystander video not emerged - as questions emerge over his colleagues ' conduct after the shooting . Seven of Slager 's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed Walter Scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back . But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media , or in the force 's incident report filed after the shooting . Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body . One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott 's body . Scroll down for video . Questions : Officer Clarence Haberdashem searches Walter Scott 's handcuffed body in the immediate aftermath of the shooting . He later told colleagues that he administered CPR . Scott 's father said of the incident : ` It would have never come to light -LSB- had video not emerged -RSB- . They would have swept it under the rug , like they did with many others . ' Slager 's former attorney had initially claimed that the officer fired on Scott during a struggle for his Taser and had felt threatened . ` When confronted , Officer Slager reached for his Taser -- as trained by the department -- and then a struggle ensued , ' David Aylor said . ` The driver tried to overpower Officer Slager in an effort to take his Taser . -LSB- He -RSB- felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon . ' On Wednesday North Charleston Mayor Keith Sumney refused to answer a question on Slager 's fellow officers ' culpability , saying it would be addressed in the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division -LSB- SLED -RSB- investigation . There are also questions over discrepancies between responding officers ' version of events in an internal incident report and what the witness video shows . It is not known what accounts those officers gave to the subsequent SLED investigation . The video of the shooting shows Officer Clarence Haberdasham was the first to arrive on scene as Scott lay handcuffed on the ground . As Haberdasham arrives , Slager runs back to position where he fired the fatal shots and appears to retrieve a dark object - claimed to be his Taser - and places it next to Scott 's body . Haberdasham dons a pair of blue gloves , checks Scott 's pulse , goes through his pockets and speaks on his radio and then walks away . Radio records show that an officer reported that Scott had gunshot wounds to the chest and right side and was ` unresponsive ' . He later added that the vicitm had wounds to the back . Both Slager and Haberdasham stand over Scott 's body , which remains handcuffed and face down . The same officer 's account of events as reported in the NCPD incident report obtained by BuzzFeed is two sentences . The second reads : ` I attempted to render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds and directing the best route for EMS and fire to get to the victim faster . ' Aftermath : Officer Slager is pictured standing over Walter Scott and feeling for a pulse after he put the man 's fallen body in handcuffs . According to police reports , officers performed CPR on the 50-year-old father - but the cop was not filmed giving any medical assistance . POLICE VERSION . Police officer Michael Slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with Walter Scott began at around 9.30 am on Saturday . He said he pulled Scott 's Mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light . He said Scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where , at some point during the chase , the victim confronts Slager . The officer then tried to use his Taser to subdue Scott , but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle , according to the statement . According to police reports , Slager fired the stun gun , but it did not stop Scott . At that point , the officer fired at Scott several times because he ` felt threatened , ' Slager 's statement said . He added that his actions were in line with procedure . Police then said Slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle : ` Shots fired and the subject is down . He took my Taser . ' His department said the officers then performed CPR and delivered first aid to the victim . WHAT THE VIDEO SHOWS . Slager 's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting Scott in the back . The footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires his Taser . Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott 's body . As Scott turns to run , Slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott 's lifeless body . Footage then appears to show Slager jogging back to the point where the Taser fell to the ground , bringing it over to Scott 's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him . It is only after two-and-a-half minutes that Slager is seen placing his hand on Scott 's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse . A black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body , but is not seen performing first aid . They are joined by a third officer , who also does not appear to tend to the victim . The report is signed off by Sergeant James Gann . He states : ` I arrived on scene and observed that Officer Haberdasham was administering first aid to the driver . I exited my vehicle and assisted Officer Haberdasham with first aid and CPR to the driver . ' He says they continued to give CPR until EMS arrived and Scott was pronounced dead . There is no evidence in Feidin Santana 's video that Scott received CPR . A second video of the scene shows two other police officers arriving at the scene and getting out a medical kit . But they do not give CPR . Six other officers ' version of what happened after the shooting is recorded in the incident report . They were : R. Terrell , J Bariss , M Cooper , R Killin , B Williams , and Sgt Webb . They all say that they heard Slager 's call for help and arrived at the scene later . Gann says the crime scene was handed over to SLED , who then concluded their crime scene investigation that day . Edward Bryant III , president of the North Charleston NAACP , also told the Los Angeles Times that he suspects North Charleston cops have covered up other shootings . He said ; ` This incident fits a pattern of abuse that has gone on for years . There is a code of conduct to cover their behinds . We call it Code Blue . ' Marc Moria , President of the president of the National Urban League , told the Washington Post : ` But for this video , this would have been another coverup , another fabrication , another lie told by a police officer when the police officer was clearly in the wrong . ' The discrepancies were also discussed on MSNBC 's Morning Joe this morning . Host Joe Scarborough said : ` That cop is two feet away when he dropped the taser next to the dead body . I 'm sorry , what cop is okay with that ? ' Mika Brzezinski added : ` There should be more charges ' After Officer Michael Slager was charged with murder on Tuesday and terminated from the North Charleston Police on Wednesday , his department released his personnel file . Some 100 pages including his job application , training records , firearm test scores and work appraisals were published online . Among the details were that Slager had graduated from Lenape High School in Medford , N.J , in 2001 and was a waiter at an Italian restaurant before he joined the U.S. Coast Guard in 2003 . He spent six years with the Coast Guard working as a mechanic and engineer and then became involved in security on board vessels . He was hired by the North Charleston Police Department in December 2009 and attended the South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy for a nine-week training course . Major Florence McCants told Yahoo News that Slager ` did n't create any issues nor was he an award winner in any of the categories ' . Slager also took course in first-aid and use of a Taser , according to his personnel records .