Wealth : Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and his wife Princess Haya of Jordan Royal Ascot race meeting , plans to build six-storey car park . The ruler of Dubai is set to build a personal six-storey super car park in London for his fleet of more than 100 luxury motors . The ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff . It is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , one of the world 's richest men . The car park will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames , allowing him and his associates -- including his 23 children -- to arrive in the capital by helicopter and jump straight into whichever luxury car they like . But neighbours are worried their road will be spoilt by the estimated 120 cars arriving and departing each day . The Sheikh , who is also vice president and prime minister of the United Arab Emirates , has business interests including the Godolphin horseracing stables and the Jumeirah luxury hotel group . His super car park will have two basement floors and six above ground , to include offices , bathrooms and three triple-bedroom flats for the drivers . Though the site is already used for storing cars , angry neighbours are opposed to the car park being built , with one writing : ` Mendip Road has become the personal fiefdom of the drivers who work from the current car storage facility . ' Another , Jane Helm , 52 , said : ` This sounds like another example of an enormously wealthy foreigner making big plans without thinking much about local people who just want to live in peace . Plans : The car park would have two basement floors and six storeys above ground if planning permission is granted . Massive fleet : The Sheik has 114 cars that he hopes to park in six-storey building by the Thames . ` The last thing we want is a Sheikh and his kids roaring in and out of a great big car park everyday . ` If it 's as bad as we think it 's going to be , the whole area will be spoilt . ' Plans for the land were submitted by Smech Management Company , which is also behind the Sheikh 's proposed 16-bedroom mansion in the Scottish Highlands . Planning proposal : Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , one of the world 's richest men , is looking to build a six-storey car park to house his fleet . The planning application was approved by councillors at Wandsworth Borough Council . No figure was given for the cost , but construction sources estimated it would cost about £ 4million to build up , three times as much to excavate the basements , and another ` couple of million ' for any finishing touches , making an estimated total of nearly £ 20million . However the source said : ` That 's just the basic structure . Obviously it will be a lot more if he 's planning to cover it in marble . '