Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy . Among them , the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15 , 2013 attack , headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil commemorative banners . Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ` Boston ' were placed at the site . They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured . Martin 's older brother Henry and younger sister Jane , who lost a leg in the explosion , helped unwrap one of the flags on the street as bagpipes played during the low-key ceremony . Scroll down for video . Somber : The Martin family , whose son Richard was killed in the Boston bombings , walk down Boylston Street with Boston Mayor Marty Walsh , left , ahead of a ceremony to mark two years since the tragedy . Emotional : Jane , who lost a leg in the blast , shares a smile with her father while her mother wipes away a tear . Ceremony : Jane and Henry Martin remove a drape covering a memorial banner to honor the victims . In total , four large orange banners were unveiled near the explosion sites on Tuesday morning . Memories : The family takes a moment to reflect at the scene as a ceremony to mark the anniversary begins . The family of Krystle Campbell , who also died in the attacks , helped unwrap another banner with the help of Governor Charlie Baker . Also at the ceremony was Jeff Bauman , who lost both legs in the bombings . His ashen face was captured in a now-iconic photograph as he was wheeled away by strangers . One of those strangers , Carlos Arredondo , is now a close friend . Arredondo , who became known as ` the man in the cowboy hat ' was also at the site on Tuesday morning to greet Bauman as he walked on prosthetic limbs . ` We 're here to pay tribute to the people who lost their lives , ' Bauman told WFXT-TV . They were joined by city officials including Mayor Marty Walsh and Governor Charlie Baker . At 2.49 pm , a moment of silence was held to mark the moment the first of two bombs exploded near the finish line two years ago , while church bells sounded throughout the city . Well-wishers visited the site of the explosions throughout Tuesday to pay tribute to the young people who had lost their lives , and stopped to pay their respects at a memorial bearing their names . Mayor Walsh has declared April 15 ` One Boston Day , ' on which Bostonians are encouraged to perform random acts of kindness and generosity . Always remembered : Jane Martin sits on a new bench with the words ` Keep Running Boston ' and ` Boston Strong ' written across it outside the fire station on Boylston Street . Fitting right in : Jane tries on a firefighter 's helmet during a visit to the Boylston Street fire station . Proud : She grins alongside her mother Denise , father Bill and big brother Henry inside the fire station . Thankful : Denise Richard , who was hit in the head by shrapnel in the bombings , looks at banners signed by members of the public after the attack and now hanging at a fire station on Boylston Street . ` April 15 is a date that has come to stand for our city 's deepest values , ' he said as he announced the new tradition . ` In many respects , those most affected by the events of two years ago have shown us all the way back - with their courage , grace and determination , ' Governor Baker said in a statement released after the ceremony . ` They honor the past , remember and treasure loved ones lost and injured , and look forward to a better future . We should strive to do the same . ' Another victim who lost a leg in the bombings , Rebekah Gregory , took to Facebook on Tuesday morning to describe her disbelief that two years had already passed . She was at the marathon with her young son , Noah , and was less than 10 feet from where the first bomb exploded . She needed 17 surgeries and eventually had her left leg amputated last year . Last month , she testified against the surviving bomber , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , in his trial . Strong : Jeff Bauman , who lost both of his legs in the bombings , is pictured with his wife Erin and their daughter , Nora Gail , as they walk down Boylston Street in Boston this morning . Incredible : He was accompanied by Carlos Arredondo , who helped save his life two years ago . Close friends : The two men have built a close friendship since the day of the blast . Side by side : Arredondo , whose adult sons both died in the years before the marathons , helped save Bauman 's life after he was hit by the bombs . They two men are seen speaking with reporters on Tuesday . Tribute : A man touches a memorial to the victims , from left , MIT police officer Sean Collier , 29-year-old Krystle Campbell , 23-year-old Lingzi Lu and eight-year-old Martin Richard , who were killed by the two bombers . Memorial : The new banners show white hearts with the word ` Boston ' inside . They have been placed at the top of lampposts , which have been decorated by flowers in blue and yellow - the marathon 's colors . ` It is extremely emotional to look back on the last two years of my life , ' she wrote . ` To remember what it felt like to be bleeding out on the pavement , wondering if I would ever see my child 's smile again ... ` It 's been a long road . Some days , I 'm not quite sure how I have made it out of the bed . And if I 'm being really honest , a few times I have n't . ` But no matter what , there is one thing that I always keep in mind . I am BLESSED . And no matter how hard someone tries , they will never be able to take that away from me . ' She plans to run the last three miles of the marathon next Monday . She also visited the site last year , but was pushed in a wheelchair as she struggled with issues with her leg . ` This time I wo n't be laying on the ground in pieces , or having to be assisted because I ca n't do things on my own , ' she wrote . Support : A man wearing a shirt reading ` Boston Strong ' and ` Survivor ' walks near the ceremony on Tuesday . Respects : A passerby wearing a t-shirt honoring Martin pauses near one of the two explosion sites . Reflection : People stop by the memorial at the scene of the first explosion on the marathon route . Heartbreaking : A group of women gather near the site during the moment of silence on Tuesday afternoon . Powerful : A bunch of yellow and blue flowers lay at the scene of the first blast in Boston on Tuesday . ` This time ... the only thing hitting the ground will be my running shoe , as I show myself and the rest of the world that I am back , stronger than ever ... and there is NO stopping me now . ' Three people were killed and more than 260 others were wounded in the April 15 , 2013 attacks and the two bombers were cornered days later , after they shot dead an MIT police officer . One of the bombers , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , was killed during a shootout with police in Watertown . The surviving bomber , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , was last week convicted of 30 counts during his federal trial . The jury is now deciding whether he should receive the death penalty but they have taken a break until next Tuesday . This year 's marathon will be held next Monday . Missed : Martin Richard , pictured , was watching the marathon near the finishing line when he was killed . Victims : Boston University graduate student Lingzi Lu , 23 , -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and restaurant manager Krystle Campbell , 29 , -LRB- right -RRB- also lost their lives in the bombings on April 15 , 2013 .