An terrified asthma sufferer was left coughing up blood after accidentally inhaling an earring into her lungs . The 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze . Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities , she reached into her bag for her inhaler , according to doctors writing in the journal BMJ Case reports . Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag , and she heard a ` coarse rattle ' when she shook it . Despite this , she ignored the noise , believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device . The 41-year-old Australian woman had a medical emergency on New Year 's Eve after inhaling an earring into her lungs . An X-ray shows the earring lodged in her right bronchus - the airway leading to the lungs . Doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end known as an endoscope into the woman 's lung , which showed the earring was covered in mucus -LRB- pictured -RRB- . She took a deep inspiration , but immediately felt a painful scratch in her throat . She began coughing up blood , wheezing and became short of breath , and was rushed by ambulance to the a & e department of St Vincent 's Hospital in Sydney , the report said . When she arrived , doctors ordered a chest X-ray , and saw something was wrong straight away . There was a mass that had ` features consistent with a stud earring ' , and a CT scan confirmed the earring was stuck in the woman 's right bronchus , one of the two main airways leading to the lungs . Doctors prescribed antibiotics to prevent any infection and then put a long , thin tube with a camera on the end into her throat - in a procedure known as an endoscopy . They were then able to examine the earring and remove it . They found large amounts of mucus around the earring , which was ` the body 's attempt to expel the foreign body ' Dr Lucinda Blake , one of the doctors who treated the woman , told LiveScience . Alison Hall , 48 , almost choked to death when she swallowed a false nail that shot out of her inhaler when she took a puff . If they had waited to remove the earring , the woman 's body might have healed over the earring , embedding it within the bronchus , Dr Blake added . The woman made a full recovery , but in the report , doctors said her case highlights the need for people with asthma to be told about the dangers of storing their inhaler without a cap . Writing in the report , doctors concluded : ` The importance of replacing caps on inhalers when not in use is illustrated and should be encouraged when inhaler technique is taught or reviewed . ' The news comes after MailOnline reported on the case of Alison Hall , 48 , who almost choked to death when she nearly swallowed a false nail that had shot out of her inhaler when she took a breath . Ms Hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler . She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged . The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue and began pounding her back before calling 999 . After five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat and fell out onto the pavement . She believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top , and is now urging others to check their inhalers before use .