The twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into an Arizona canal last week have been identified as bothers Eli and Silas Keslar of Yuma . While authorities in the southern Arizona town have not yet officially identified the victims , a Go Fund Me page set up this weekend named them and their parents , Mark and Alexis Keslar . Marlene Gleim , a friend of the boys ' grandmother Marlena Martinez , set up the page after learning about their deaths on local media . The fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $ 10,000 . Tragedy : The twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into a Arizona canal this weekend have been identified as brother Eli and Silas Keslar . Pictured above on their first birthday with parents Alexis -LRB- left -RRB- and Mark Keslar -LRB- right -RRB- . Too young : Authorities have not released any information on how the two boys ended up in the canal , but say foul play is not suspected . ` I would consider them family , and family is not always blood-related , ' Ms Gleim told the Yuma Sun . ` I 'm extremely ... I 'm at a loss of words with all of this . ' ` No parent should ever have to lose a child , let alone two at once , ' she added . It has not yet been revealed how the boys were swept away in the canal , but authorities have said they do n't suspect foul play . Emergency : Above , the scene were the two boys were pulled out of the canal Friday morning in Yuma , Arizona . The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45 am on Friday . After a police search that lasted more than an hour , the brothers were pulled from the water . They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead , Franklin said . The area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers and a family member was nearby when the boys ended up in the water . Yuma Fire Department spokesman Mike Erfert said their crews were called out on a possible drowning . Named : Officials have not yet officially identified the boys , but they were named over the weekend in a Go Fund Me campaign page . Pictured above in a recent photo posted to their grandmother 's Facebook page . Touching : As of Sunday , the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the two boys had raised over $ 10,000 . Helicopters from the U.S. Border Patrol and the Marine Corps also flew over the canal searching for the boys . The Border Patrol helicopter crew spotted the brothers in the water , Erfert said , and they were pulled out at about 11.20 am . Paramedics began immediate life-saving efforts and the boys were quickly loaded onto the Marine Corps helicopter for the trip to the hospital .