A teenager has died after falling off the roof of a six-story Bronx building as he fled police officers who were responding to complaints of a group smoking marijuana and loitering . Hakeem Kuta , 17 , was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night , said the New York Police Department . Police said Kuta , junior at Bronx Envision Academy , appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops . Scroll down for video . Hakeem Kuta -LRB- above -RRB- plunged six stories from the roof of the Bronx building on Thursday . Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran when police officers arrived -LRB- above scenes from where he fell -RRB- . The 17-year-old jumped over a three-foot high wall -LRB- pictured above -RRB- before he fell six stories from the building . Officers had chased Kuta and five other teenagers up the stairs after complaints that they were smoking marijuana in the lobby of the building located on Valentine Avenue in Mott Haven , said spokesman Stephen Davis . When the officers got to the roof , some teens jumped to another roof and ran away , however Kuta and his 14-year-old companion , who has not been named , were pinned in by a dividing wall . Police said Kuta then jumped over a three-foot high wall without realizing there was a gap between the buildings . His friend tried to help by desperately holding onto his jacket as Kuta dangled 60 feet from the ground above an alleyway , according to ABC 7 . When officers got the roof , some teens jumped and ran away . However , Kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall . Hakeem was taken to St Barnabas Hospital -LRB- above -RRB- where he was listed in critical condition . He died around 11 am on Saturday . Officer Edmundo Rivera grabbed onto the companion to keep him from falling over the edge , but the friend lost his grip on Kuta who fell from the roof , plunging six stories to the pavement . Police ran to where he fell in the courtyard and Kuta was then taken to St. Barnabas Hospital where he was listed in critical condition . He died around 11 am on Saturday . His father Munir Kuta , 42 , an immigrant from Ghana said his son stayed out of trouble and does not do drugs , according to the New York Daily News . ` It 's not so easy , ' he said . ` He was a nice kid . ' Authorities said there most likely would not have been any arrests as they only wanted the teens to spot smoking marijuana , according to ABC 7 . No summonses were issued , although marijuana was recovered in the lobby . Kuta 's father , Munir , an immigrant from Ghana said his son stayed out of trouble . He said : ` He was a nice kid ' No summonses were issued , although marijuana was recovered in the lobby -LRB- above the building on Valentine Avenue -RRB- .