Last week Qatar 's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge 's , the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel . The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family , who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties -- including the Shard -- in an attempt to win a place in the British Establishment . They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £ 740 million , and have spent £ 11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK . Just last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £ 2.6 billion . Last year , the oil-rich country became the first commercial sponsor of Royal Ascot . And the £ 100 million restoration of Dudley House , the UK 's most expensive house , was completed this year . The Gulf State may have been accused of helping to fund Islamic extremists and bribing officials to host the 2022 World Cup -- both charges denied , of course . But as this investigation shows , London is rapidly becoming Qataropolis ... Cornwall Terrace , Marylebone . Current estimated value - £ 200 million . One Cornwall Terrace was snapped up in 2011 by a company registered in the British Virgin Islands . The two adjoining Cornwall Terrace properties were purchased two years later by an offshore firm in the Isle of Man . The properties have now been knocked into one mega-mansion , and belong to Her Royal Highness Sheikha Mozah bint Nasser Al Missned , the wife of the former Emir . One Hyde Park , Knightsbridge . Current estimated value -- £ 150 million . Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Bin Jaber Al Thani purchased three apartments at One Hyde Park -- including the luxury penthouse -- for an estimated £ 120 million back in 2008 . Known as ` HBJ ' , Sheikh Hamad was the prime minister of Qatar between 2007 and 2013 , and the country 's foreign minister for 11 years before that . The Gulf state 's rulers converted three prime properties on Cornwall Terrace in London 's Regent 's Park into a huge mansion worth £ 200million . Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Bin Jaber Al Thani purchased three apartments at One Hyde Park -- including the luxury penthouse -- for an estimated £ 120 million back in 2008 . Park Street , Mayfair . Current estimated value - £ 13 million . This property , which was snapped up for £ 11.6 million last year , is somewhat confusingly registered under multiple names . Several of the listed owners are women , including Aisha Ahmad Jabor Al Ahmad Al Thani , Alanoud Ahmad Jabor Ahmed Al Thani , and Dada Ahmad Jabor Al Ahmad Al Thaniqa . They are believed to be relatives of Sheikh Ahmad Jabor Al Ahmad Al Thani . Davies Street , Mayfair . Current estimated value -- £ 12 million . His Excellency Sheikh Mohammed Bin Fahed Al Thani bought this mansion in June 2014 for £ 9,450,000 . A director of Qatar Airways , the Sheikh graduated from the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst in 1976 and was appointed chief of military police in 1977 , before going on to found the country 's special forces units . He has since held several prominent positions in the Qatari government . This property , which was snapped up for £ 11.6 million last year , is somewhat confusingly registered under multiple names . His Excellency Sheikh Mohammed Bin Fahed Al Thani bought this mansion in Davies Street , Mayfair , for £ 9,450,000 in June 2014 . Fulmer Rise , Fulmer . Current estimated value - £ 8 million . This Victorian red-brick manor in the Buckinghamshire village of Fulmer was purchased in March last year for an eye-watering £ 7,075,000 . The property is registered in the names of four different Al Thani sheikhs , who are believed to be from the Sharjah branch of the Qatari ruling family . One of the riskier Al Thanis , who goes by the name of Moe , is a self-styled adventurer who has climbed Mount Everest . Trevor Place , Knightsbridge . Current estimated value -- £ 40 million . These were originally two separate properties in Knightsbridge -- one on Trevor Place and one on Trevor Square . They were purchased together for £ 29.2 million last year by Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Bin Faisal Al Thani , Sheikh Abdullah Bin Hamad Bin Jassiam Al Thani and Sheikh Mohamed Hamad Bin Jassim Al Thani -- all senior members of the ruling family . The site is now one property . Sheikh Al Thani converted two separate properties in Knightsbridge -- one on Trevor Place and one on Trevor Square - into £ 40million home . Curzon Street , Mayfair . Current estimated value -- £ 50 million . Sheikh Mohammed bin Khalifa Hamad Al Thani , who was at one point the deputy prime minister of Qatar , purchased this Curzon Street mansion for a staggering £ 37.5 million in 2006 using an offshore firm registered in Jersey to complete the deal . The imposing corner mansion , a stone 's throw away from Park Lane , was sold with the benefit of a 125-year lease . Belgrave Square , Belgravia . Current estimated value -- £ 80 million . The brother of the Emir , who plays a key international role as his ` personal representative ' , bought this double-fronted mansion in 2009 . The property has been described as a ` jewel in their crown ' , and its value has leapt over the past six years . Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani 's house is now worth around £ 80 million . Good thing he bought it with a 125-year lease then . Park Lane , Mayfair . Current estimated value -- £ 100 million . Sheikh Hamad bin Abdullah Al Thani bought Dudley House for £ 22,410,000 , and it has undergone an extensive six-year refurbishment . The house is packed with expensive art and is run like Downton Abbey . Staff wear white tie and tails for lavish dinner parties at what is now the largest and most expensive home in the UK -- a place that allegedly caused the Queen to remark that it made Buckingham Palace look ` rather dull ' by comparison . At the tender age of 33 , the wealthy owner is the first cousin of the current Emir of Qatar and the nephew of the previous Emir . Sheikh Al Thani , who was at one point the deputy prime minister of Qatar , purchased this Curzon Street mansion for a staggering £ 37.5 million in 2006 using an offshore firm registered in Jersey to complete the deal . The brother of the Emir , who plays a key international role as his ` personal representative ' , bought this double-fronted mansion in 2009 . Staff wear white tie and tails for lavish dinner parties at what is now the largest and most expensive home in the UK -- a place that allegedly caused the Queen to remark that it made Buckingham Palace look ` rather dull ' by comparison .