Angus Hawley 's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother , the ex-husband of Antonia Kidman , died of a suspected heart attack , age 46 , in New York on Saturday . Speaking to Daily Mail Australia on Monday , David Hawley said : ` It 's a real shock , he was one of the fittest men I 've ever met -- he 's swimming everyday . ' Responding to a question about whether Angus had a history of heart problems , David answered : ` No , no , not that we know of ' , adding : ` He 's so fit , I do n't understand . ' Scroll down for video . ` He did n't have heart problems ' Angus Hawley 's brother reveals shock after ex-husband of Antonia Kidman dies from a suspected heart attack in New York after ` returning from a swim ' . Angus and Antonia pictured together in 2005 at the Chuan Spa opening in the Langham Hotel . Mr Hawley , who was in New York attending a business conference at the time , collapsed after returning from a swim . ` He did go for a big swim in the morning , he trains very hard , ' David said of his brother , who he described as a ` bit of a fitness fanatic ' and was known to lead a healthy and active lifestyle . ` I think his body clock was round the wrong way and it just got everything round the wrong way and he 's over done it . ' Mr Hawley was a father to four children , Lucia , 16 , Hamish , 14 , James , 12 , and Sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman 's sister Antonia before their 2007 split . The children are reportedly set to join the family in Sydney as they rally around David 's second wife Prue Fisher , who he married in Palm Beach in 2011 . Sad news : Antonia Kidman 's former husband Angus Hawley has died of a suspected heart attack aged 46 in New York . The pair are seen here in 2003 . Fitness fanatic : Mr Hawley 's brother says he does n't ` understand ' the death of his fit and healthy brother , pictured with his wife Prue Fisher in 2011 . Led an active lifestyle : Mr Hawley , 46 , is believed to have suffered a heart attack after returning from a swim . The former couple are pictured above with Antonia 's parents Janelle and the late Dr. Antony Kidman . David described his brother , a business development manager at Valor Private Wealth , as ` one of the most beautiful men that I have ever known . ` He is absolutely adored by everybody , he made everybody feel like he 's their best friend and that 's why everybody loved him . And he loved everybody else , it 's just a really emotional time . ' Prue is being comforted by her family in Sydney , after they traveled from Orange in New South Wales to be by her side . She was reportedly seen at the Bondi Icebergs public pool , a place her late husband often frequented , on Sunday . Moved on : Both Antonia and Mr Hawley remarried following their divorce in 2007 - she to businessman Craig Marran -LRB- L -RRB- in 2010 , and he to Sydney fashion boutique manager Prue the following year -LRB- R -RRB- . David described Prue as ` devastated ' saying she 's ` terrible , terrible ' , adding , ` it 's a huge hole in our lives . ` They were absolutely devoted to each other and Prue 's relationship with Angus 's children was fantastic , ' said David of his late brother 's wife . ` His wife adores him , and he adored her , his four children , it 's just so sad . It 's a tragic loss to our family and to his family , it 's just a nightmare . ` No matter what happens for the rest of her life , she 'll still be my sister-in-law . ' On Saturday another of Angus 's brothers Phillip released a statement , describing his death as ` sudden ' and ` very unexpected ' to news.com . au . Wedding day : Antonia and Angus wed in 1996 , they were together for 11 years before their divorced was finalised in 2007 . Legacy : The 46-year-old was a father to four children in Lucia , 16 , Hamish , 14 , James , 12 , and Sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman 's sister Antonia , pictured . ` There are no further details at this time as it only occurred last night , our time , ' the statement read . Reports about his death have as yet been mixed , with News.com.au saying that Mr Hawley went to dinner with a friend in New York and then went into cardiac arrest . He is said to have later passed away in the ambulance on the way to hospital . Mr Hawley 's death comes less than seven months after the sudden passing of Nicole and Antonia 's father Dr. Antony Kidman , who also suffered a suspected heart attack , in Singapore . Family tragedy : Mr Hawley 's death comes less than seven months after the sudden passing of Nicole and Antonia 's father Dr. Antony , who also suffered a heart attack , in Singapore . Both 44-years-old Antonia and her ex husband both remarried following their divorce in 2007 - she to businessman Craig Marran in 2010 , and he to Sydney fashion boutique manager Prue , the following year . He has kept himself largely out of the spotlight following his split from Antonia and a battle with depression . The father of four checked himself into a Sydney rehab clinic in 2007 following a period of mental health issues . Tragic : Antonia 's second husband Craig Marran accompanied her , her sister Nicole and husband Keith Urban to Dr. Antony 's funeral in September last year . He told Woman 's Day in 2009 : ` I was depressed , out of control and full of self-loathing , and I resorted to drugs to get through it . ` I was n't in a happy place and it was an appalling thing , but I was sick , and at least I was big enough to do something about it . ' Merivale hotel founder Justin Hemmes , has paid tribute to his good friend Angus , explaining to the Daily Telegraph that the pair became friends at just four years old . Family man : Dr. Antony Kidman was visiting Antonia and her family in Singapore when he passed away . Day of mourning : Antonia 's six children Lucia , Hamish , James , Sybella , Nicholas , two , and Alexander , one , attended the funeral along with Nicole 's daughters Sunday Rose and Faith . Support : Keith and Craig acted as pallbearers at the funeral , as did family friends Russell Crowe and Channel Nine newsreader Peter Overton . ` He was my next door neighbour but quickly became a best friend , one I was fortunate enough to have by my side ever since , ' he said , describing Mr Hawley as ` the most caring , thoughtful and loving man . ' ` The most loving father to his four wonderful children and adoring wife . His family was his treasure . His kids were his life , ' he continued . Mr Hawley 's death is the second devastating loss the Kidman family has suffered in the past seven months , after Dr. Antony Kidman sadly collapsed and died in a Singapore hotel last September at the age of 75 . Family photo : Antonia , Janelle , Dr. Antony and Nicole are seen here in 1990 . Nicole said at his funeral she was ` so lucky ' to be her father 's daughter . Close knit : Nicole and Antonia are pictured here with their late father in 1990 . A respected Sydney psychologist , Dr. Antony was in the country visiting Antonia and his six grandchildren . Antonia , a journalist and writer , is currently based in Singapore with her second husband with whom she shares two sons , Nicholas , two , and Alexander , one . She remembered the close relationship she had with her father at his funeral last year and said they were ` similar in many ways ' . New home : Antonia resides in Singapore with second husband Craig . She 's pictured here with Nicole , who lives in Nashville with Keith Urban , in 2005 . ` I 'm so lucky to be his daughter , ' 47-year-old Nicole said , ` and that he chose my mother to make me with . ' Appearing on Ellen last October , Nicole said husband Keith Urban had to carry her , sometimes literally , because she was ` so devastated ' by the loss . Daily Mail Australia has contacted the Kidman family 's management . Tribute : A good friend of Mr Hawley , Merivale founder Justin Hemmes has described him as ` the most caring , thoughtful and loving man '