Nico Rosberg feels he may have handed Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-Chinese Grand Prix outburst . Rosberg , however , concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the Shanghai International Circuit on Sunday . To make a complaint about Hamilton 's slow driving was understandable given the situation , but to turn on his Mercedes team-mate during the post-race media conference was a sign the Briton has got under Rosberg 's skin . Nico Rosberg has claimed that team-mate Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him after his outburst . Damon Hill , the 1996 world champion , upon hearing Rosberg 's comments remarked the German had shot himself in the foot by publicly airing his grievances . It was a sign of weakness from Rosberg , who on Thursday conceded he had probably provided Hamilton with additional psychological ammunition . ` Maybe , because I 'm standing here and I have to answer all these questions , ' said Rosberg in the middle of a barrage from the press ahead of this weekend 's Bahrain Grand Prix . ` But other than that , I would do it again because I felt the need to state the facts as there was a need to discuss things after that race . Everybody said that . ` That 's it , I would n't do anything different , and except from being stood here in this room discussing it with you , it 's a long time since I last discussed it . ` It 's a thing of the past . I 'm in Bahrain now and I 'm here just to attack in a race car again . ` That 's the best answer I can give , on the race track . I 'm looking forward to it and that opportunity . ' The British driver won the Chinese GP but came under fire from Rosberg for allegedly slowing on purpose . The matter was resolved in a post-race debrief involving the drivers and the team 's top brass in motorsport boss Toto Wolff and executive technical director Paddy Lowe . But as to what would transpire should the same scenario occur again in the future , Rosberg said : ` It 's so difficult because it 's not a thing that 's black or white . ` That 's what makes all these scenarios difficult . Eventually , once the facts are analysed , there are still different opinions and it 's going to be different from one race to the next . ' Such a situation could become even more fluid should Ferrari manage to exert further pressure on Mercedes as the title race unfolds . Asked as to what the solution could be moving forward , the 29-year-old replied : ` It 's always the same and it will not change . Damon Hill believes that Rosberg shot himself in the foot following his outburst about his Mercedes team-mate . ` It 's an agreement we have when the team 's one-two is under threat from another team then some management will be used to ensure that , and that might be at the disadvantage of one over the other . ` It becomes a team effort because we want to finish one-two and score the most possible points . ` So the more annoying a Ferrari becomes , the more likely those measures will be used - just like in China when Lewis was told to speed up . ' Hamilton was publicly exonerated of any wrongdoing by Wolff and non-executive chairman Niki Lauda as he was merely controlling his pace at a point in the race when he was required to nurse his tyres . For his part , Hamilton has remained unruffled by Rosberg 's comments , and does not feel there is any lingering animosity . ` We 're moving forwards and we will reunite as a team this weekend and try to do a great job , ' said Hamilton . Rosberg is yet to better Hamilton this season but insists he 's already forgotten about their recent spat . ` There 's no issue between me and Nico . We saw each other this morning and everything is good . ` There are going to be times when people are unhappy about some things , but we 're grown-ups and we move past it . ' There is no doubt Hamilton has Rosberg rattled as the former has now beaten the latter in nine of the last 10 races stretching back into last year . Rosberg knows he has to stop the rot , adding : ` It was very important to do that in Malaysia , and that was two races back , so that does n't change . ` Every race is important , and he 's 17 points ahead , so I need to get points back as soon as possible . That 's clear , and it 's not more important here or wherever . ` Last year he had a run of four wins at the beginning of the season , and right after that I had my best part of the year for quite a long time , so there 's also that reference from last year . '