Thought the vampire face lift and leech facial were weird ? The beauty industry is about to get much more bizarre . Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons - and people who 've had them ca n't stop singing their praises . Dubbed a HydraFacial , the treatment , which costs around $ 150 -LRB- £ 100 -RRB- and uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin , is currently available in New York . Scroll down for video . Foreskin facials , also known as HydraFacials , are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Described as a ` multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles , reverse sun damage , lighten dark spots , and prevent acne ' , the key ingredient is the somewhat bizarre stem cell from an infant 's foreskin . Speaking to NY Magazine about the unusual treatment , Dr. Gail Naughton , a leader in regenerative science , said : ` When we 're born , our skin is in its best shape . Our cells naturally secrete proteins known as growth factors that keep the cells healthy and stimulate them to divide . One writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits and described her post-facial confidence as being at ` Beyonce levels ' and her skin as glowing as Jennifer Lopez 's , right . ` As we age , our cells divide at a slower rate , which contribute to the telltale signs of aging , like wrinkles and loss of firmness and luminosity . Growth factors captured from the donated foreskin of a baby -LRB- just one can generate over a million treatments -RRB- are at their peak ability in promoting rapid cell turnover . ` Applied topically , they spur adult skin cells to regenerate . This is said to have a smoothing effect on the skin . ' The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin . This process is followed by a mask packed with hydrating hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy . One writer , Ashley Weatherford , who had the treatment hailed its benefits , describing her post-facial confidence as at ` Beyonce levels ' and her skin as glowing as Jennifer Lopez 's . The 30-minute treatment -LRB- not pictured -RRB- involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel , an extraction , a mask packed with hydrating hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts . Commenting on the trend , Anne-Marie Gillett , Non-Surgical Director at Transform Cosmetic Surgery , told FEMAIL : ` The HydraFacial , commonly known as the `` Foreskin Facial '' is an interesting concept and is one that we will be keeping our eye on here at Transform . ` We 've seen a whole host of faddish non-surgical treatments coming over from the US - last year it was the vampire facial , which had a celebrity fan base , with the likes of Kim Kardashian openly talking about having had the treatment . This year , it seems to be the HydraFacial , but we often find that these extreme treatments seem to disappear as quickly as they come . ` It 's no surprise , as there are numerous new treatments hitting the market all the time , particularly ones with the `` wow '' and shock factor , but how effective they actually are is questionable . We 'll have to wait and see . ` If you want to keep your skin looking its best , it 's important to maintain a good skincare regime which involves limiting sun exposure , avoiding smoking and excessive drinking , which can dehydrate the skin and accelerate the ageing process . ` We would urge anyone who is considering having a non-surgical treatment , to do their research and be confident with what 's on offer and that the person providing the treatment is appropriately qualified . Also , it 's important for patients to manage their expectations when it comes to the results . ' The ` baby foreskin facial ' will , however , never be coming to the UK as it is illegal to use human cells in cosmetic procedures . The USA-owned company are currently in the process of creating the same effect , by using plant extract and bringing that to the UK .