A baby girl was given hypothermia in order to keep her alive after she developed a potentially fatal brain condition . Caitlin Kellie-Jones suffered from Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy -LRB- HIE -RRB- , a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood . To control the condition Caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . Nicola Kellie-Jones and partner Paul with children Caitlin and Dylan are raising money to help other children . Medics gave little Caitlin , pictured , hypothermia in a bid to prevent any brain damage . Caitlin , pictured , was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy minutes after she was born . It allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from the lack of oxygen . Thankfully , Caitlin , now ten months old , recovered from HIE and is able to feed and play . Her parents , Nicola and Paul , are hoping it will not have affected her ability to walk and talk but they must wait to find out . Ms Kellie-Jones , 27 , from Chorley , Lancashire , said : ` Caitlin was in an incubator surrounded by doctors and nurses . ` She was n't moving or breathing for herself , and was making no noise . ` I had an image in my mind of our first cuddle which was taken away . Doctors were telling us she was very poorly and just to take it hour by hour . ` It was such a relief to bring her home . ' Caitlin was born on May 10 last year weighing 7 lbs 4oz after a normal pregnancy . She was whisked away by doctors immediately to be placed on a specialist cooling machine . Despite her ordeal , Caitlin , who is now 10 months old , seems to be developing normally . Ms Kellie-Jones , right , wants to raise £ 16,000 for additional cooling machines to help save other babies . Ms Kellie-Jones said : ` My mum was a neonatal nurse for many years and I often visited her at work and would see all of these babies in their little incubators and see families in and out visiting their babies , but I never imagined it would be me . Ms Kellie-Jones said the next important stage is whether she will be able to walk and talk normally . ` We could n't look to the days ahead and my mum told me to take lots of pictures . I knew what they were all trying to tell me , everyone thought she would n't make it . ` I did n't move from her side for hours . I had the doctors and nurses tell me the worst case scenario so I could prepare myself , but it was very upsetting to hear she might not make it . ` Paul was the opposite , he wanted to know the best possible outcome . ` We were lucky that we were able to get Caitlin on one of the machines , otherwise we might not have been bringing her home . ' Caitlin was born and treated at Royal Preston Hospital , where there are only two cooling machines available . Ms Kellie-Jones said : ` We are extremely lucky that the last cooling machine was available for our daughter that day . ` I 'm trying to raise money now for two cerebral function machines for the hospital , which monitor brain activity for any signs of brain damage , and , if I raise enough , another cooling machine for the neonatal unit . ` My target is to raise at least £ 16,000 . ` Her brother Dylan , 10 , is doing a sponsored bike ride with his granddad to help too . ` At his age he could have thought what happened to Caitlin was normal , but he came to see her every night and loves her to pieces . ' Caitlin will need follow up appointments until she is two , but it is hoped she will make a full recovery . To donate go to : www.justgiving.com/caitlinscoolingcause  . Ms Kellie-Jones said without the cooling machine , Caitlin might not have survived her illness .