Sporty Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging today for the second time this week . Despite temperatures in London reaching a toasty 23 degrees , the 31-year-old was seen pounding the pavement on a long run around the city . A fitness fanatic , the younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge is currently preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton in June , to raise money for the British Heart Foundation . Scroll down for video . Sporty Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging in London today , for the second time this week . The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity . Adidas climachill shorts . Invest in Pippa 's style here . Visit site . She looks good on the red carpet , at Wimbledon and out shopping and it seems Pippa Middleton looks great even when she 's out running ! She clearly wanted to make the most of the sunshine out in London today whilst tying in keeping fit , no doubt in a bid to help her charity bike ride she 's taking on this summer . Pippa showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorties by Adidas which are up for grabs to buy -LRB- right -RRB- - the perfect running accomplice . Complete the look with her coral vest by Sweaty Betty -LRB- below -RRB- if you really want to give yourself the royal treatment . We 've highlighted a whole host of other pairs of blue shorts below to help you nail Pippa 's sporting style . Wearing shorts on your next run is a sure-fire way to get those pins bronzed , so why not take the plunge with one of our bargain picks now ? All that running in your new shorties might give you a Pippa style derrière too - what 's not to love !? Sweaty Betty anusara yoga vest . Visit site . Adidas 2in1 shorts at Sports Direct -LRB- now £ 17.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Forever21 colorblock woven running shorts . Visit site . Adidas linear short at Sports Direct -LRB- now £ 17.99 -RRB- . Visit site . New Balance 5 inch shorts at Sports Direct -LRB- now £ 9 -RRB- . Visit site . Keeping cool in the sunshine , Pippa teamed her bright coral vest with coordinating Adidas shorts . Ever the style maven , even the pink laces in her running shoes matched the Nike tick on her sports cap , while the lead on her earphones appeared to be a part of the colour coordinated ensemble too . An ambassador for the British Heart Foundation , Pippa appears to be training hard to maintain her fitness levels for the London to Brighton cycle . Though having completed a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the USA last year , not to mention a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a Turkish tidal shipping strait , it 's likely she 's already much fitter than most . Ever the style maven , even the pink laces in her running shoes matched the Nike tick on her sports cap , while the lead on her earphones appeared to be a part of the colour coordinated ensemble too . A keen athlete , Pippa , who won a sports scholarship to Marlborough College , has previously spoken about how she likes to stay strong and healthy with plenty of exercise and protein-rich diet . Ahead of her swim in Istanbul last summer , the columnist said , ` To maintain energy I try to eat more protein , particularly fish or chicken . ` A lot of people swear by carb-loading in the run-up to an event but it does n't really work for me , so I just up my protein intake . ' Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park earlier this week , stopping along her route to chat to a friendly fellow jogger . Pippa has also revealed that she prefers to stick to ` wholesome carbs ' such as brown rice , lentils and quinoa , to balance her increased protein intake . On the morning of big events , she tucks into a bowl of porridge with honey , banana and nuts to provide her body with plenty of fuel . A big fan of the healthy lifestyle , Pippa has also revealed that playing tennis and taking Pilates classes helps her to keep in shape . Miss Middleton has previously revealed how she sticks to ` wholesome carbs ' and protein such as chicken and fish when preparing for sporting events . A columnist for Waitrose magazine and contributing editor to Vanity Fair , Pippa is currently bouncing back after it emerged last month that a planned deal for her to join US television channel NBC as a special correspondent had gone sour . Not appearing to be short of projects however , she 's reportedly now teaming up with an old pal , designer Tabitha Webb , to bring out a ` Pippa Dress ' in time for a charity ball she will host in November . Her limited company , PXM Enterprises , made a profit of more than £ 200,000 in 2014 . Pippa has previously completed a 3,000-mile race across the USA to raise money for charity -LRB- pictured -RRB- , plus a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a Turkish tidal shipping strait .