Gunfights broke out and vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico 's biggest cities along the U.S. border , after security forces arrested a leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area . Activity in parts of Reynosa , a city across the Rio Grande from McAllen , Texas , ground to a halt on Friday afternoon after vehicles were torched and shooting began , authorities said . Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured , the Tamaulipas state government said in a statement . A Reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were apparently killed , but this was not confirmed . Scroll down for video . A truck blazes on a street of Reynosa , Tamaulipas state , Mexico on April 17 , 2015 as gunfights erupted in broad daylight apparently in reaction to a drug cartel leader 's arrest , officials said . A school bus blazes on a street of Reynosa , Tamaulipas state , Mexico on Friday as violence erupted and vehicles were torched . Earlier in the day , federal police and marines captured ` El Gafe , ' a leader of the Gulf cartel , said the spokesman for police in Reynosa , a city of more than 600,000 people in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas . On Saturday , Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes who was transferred to Mexico city . National Security Commission head Monte Alejandro Rubido says the Friday violence followed the arrest of Hernandez Fuentes and three other suspected members of the group as their comrades tried to free them . Rubido said on Saturday that Hernandez Fuentes has been hard to capture because he has used more than eight false identities . On Saturday , Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes -LRB- above -RRB- . Reports on Friday suggested authorities had detained a different leader , Jose Hugo Rodriguez Sanchez , who was arrested last year . Hernandez worked his way up into the Gulf Cartel 's hierarchy as its leaders were imprisoned or killed . The U.S. consulate in Matamoros issued a message urging U.S. citizens to take precautions because of ` several firefights and roadblocks throughout the city of Reynosa . ' Officials said roads in the city were blocked with vehicles set on fire by gunmen , and the Reynosa police spokesman said El Gafe was taken to Mexico City . Authorities said the situation was brought under control by late afternoon . Reynosa has been one of the most violent cities in Mexico over the past year , racked by turf wars among the Gulf cartel and the Zetas , two drug gangs fighting for control of border smuggling routes and crime rackets . Three suspected assailants were killed and two state police were injured during the violence on Friday -LRB- above a burning vehicle -RRB- . Authorities said by the afternoon the situation was brought under control -LRB- above scenes near an Office Depot as vehicle is caught on fire -RRB- . ` The city is completely out of control , ' said Francisco Garcia Cabeza de Vaca , an opposition senator and former mayor of Reynosa . More than 100,000 people have died in gang-related violence in Mexico over the past eight years . President Enrique Pena Nieto pledged to restore order when he took office in 2012 , but although the homicide count has fallen , parts of the country remain mired in violence .