From moisturising skin to beating bacterial infections , coconut oil was the health food du jour in 2014 . But there 's a new superfood on the block , which is thought to enhance your mood , renew skin and even help with menopause symptoms . Reaping with beauty and health benefits , experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil , which is being touted as the the new must-have - and , of course , health aficionado Gwyneth Paltrow is already a fan . Health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the next big thing - and say it can help enhance your mood , renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms -LRB- just ask Gwyneth Paltrow , who features it in many of her recipes in her book , It 's All Good -RRB- . Much like coconut oil , pumpkin seed oil is thought to help boost shiny locks . Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A , K and E , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth . When applied to the lengths of your locks , PowerHealth , who supply the health produce , say it hydrates hair follicles giving shiny and lustrous strands . It also apparently has similar skin-boosting benefits . With high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids and natural antioxidants , pumpkin seed oil helps promote normal cell structure and retains moisture , which ensures skin is hydrated and youthful . Zinc and vitamin E from the pumpkin seed can also improve the skin 's healing process , helping to fight off acne , beat scarring and maintain skin renewal . Pumpkin seeds , left , are rich in vitamins A , K and E , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help , strengthen hair . The oil , right , can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair to help boost your beauty and health . Studies have even found that pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food . Pumpkin seeds and chia seeds topped a top-ten list of mood-boosting foods compiled by dietitian Sarah Schenker and food psychologist Christy Fergusson . One of the richest sources of tryptophan , pumpkin seeds increase production of serotonin , a hormone that can help improve people 's mood and help us feel relaxed . With a high zinc content , which plays a central role in boosting the immune system and cell division , pumpkin seeds can increase brain power by enhancing memory and focus , claim nutritionists . The potent seeds are also thought to help beat menopausal symptoms . The little seeds are said to be rich in natural phytoestrogens , which can decrease blood pressure , headaches , hot flushes , joint pain and other menopausal symptoms . Pumpkin seeds , pictured , topped a top-ten list of mood-boosting foods compiled by dietitian Sarah Schenker and food psychologist Christy Fergusson . Nutritional therapist Angela Falaschi told The Telegraph : ` Hot ﬂushes are one of the most common and distressing symptoms of the menopause , with extreme highs and lows in temperature causing episodes of profuse sweating . ` I often recommend supplementing the diet with isoﬂavonoids -LRB- naturally occurring compounds -RRB- by incorporating chick peas , soya , lentils and pumpkin seeds into your meals . ' Gwyneth Paltrow , who penned cookbook It 's All Good , loves to use the nutrient-rich seeds in her healthy recipes . Lorna Driver-Davies , Nutritionist at NutriCentre , said : ` Pumpkin seed oil is high in the polyunsaturated fatty acid -LRB- a longer chain fatty acid -RRB- omega 6 , which is beneficial for the skin and hormone support in women . I also recommend pumpkin seed oil to men due to the zinc content . ` But we must be careful to not use too much omega 6 oils in our diet as we need less of them than we do omega 3 . A source of omega 3 would be oily fish . When using any nutritional oils , we should all be aware that balance is key and use a wide variety of sources ; coconut , pumpkin and fish , for example . '