A young woman who ate just 10 calories a day while in the grip of anorexia has spoken of how she fought her way back from the brink of death . Beth Hall , 24 , from Cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13 lb after battling the horrific eating disorder since her teenage years - while working in a chocolate shop . Tormented by bullies at school , she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee . Determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing . But after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic . And after making a full recovery , she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university . Scroll down for video . Beth Hall , now 24 , from Cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13 lbs -LRB- left -RRB- after being bullied at school . She has now gained weight to be a size 8 -LRB- right -RRB- . At the height of her anorexia , Miss Hall would live on just 10 calories a day - or go three days without eating a single thing . Miss Hall said : ` I 'm so relieved that I have managed to maintain a healthy weight after battling anorexia . ` It did n't matter how many pounds I dropped , I would always see a fat pig when I looked in the mirror . ` I would ditch my lunch at school and when my mum was diagnosed with skin cancer in 2008 I was able to disguise my eating habits as she was having treatment in hospital . ' She admits she would go up to three days without eating a single thing - but remained adamant there was nothing wrong with her . ` I lived on black coffee and tea which is around 10 calories per day , I was starving my body so badly that I could n't even think straight , ' she recalled . Miss Hall was forced to drop out of university in 2009 after her eating disorder took control of her life and she struggled to cope with the work load . She added : ` I could n't focus on anything but food , my illness was completely out of control and I was getting thinner and thinner by the day . ` I eventually got a job as a sales assistant , ironically in a chocolate shop but I was so weak and I did n't know how much more my body would take . ' Then in 2011 , she developed a kidney infection , leading doctors to warn she was risking her life by starving her body . Beth said : ` The doctor told me he could feel all my organs underneath my skin and that I would end up killing myself if my eating did n't improve . ` I suddenly realised that I needed help and at just 4st 13 lbs , I was admitted to an eating disorder ward once my kidney infection cleared up . She said : ` I lived on black coffee and tea which is around 10 calories per day , I was starving my body so badly that I could n't even think straight ' . Miss Hall is pictured now at a healthy weight . It was only when a doctor warned he could feel all of her organs underneath her skin - and that she would end up killing herself if she did n't eat - that she sought help . ` I hated having to gain weight and eating the meals they had given me but I knew I needed to be there . ' This , combined with daily group therapy sessions , saw her begin to make progress - and after four months at the eating disorder clinic , she was allowed home . ` I was finally in control of my own meals again and could attend the therapy sessions as an outpatient , ' said Miss Hall . Despite suffering a relapse one year later she is now back at university and working part-time . She said : ` I 'm now studying graphic design at Anglia Ruskin University in Cambridge . ` I did suffer a relapse , but the therapy sessions gave me the coping skills I needed to get my eating habits back under control . ' She added : ` My whole family , including my younger sister , Georgina , were so worried about me when my weight dropped so drastically . ` It has been a massive relief for everyone that I have been able to get my weight under control and that I 'm a healthy size 8 . ` I know my illness will always be there but I know how to deal with it all now . ` I hope other girls who read my story are able to gain hope from everything I have achieved . ` There is always help available and , despite how isolated you feel , things will get better and you can overcome an eating disorder . ' Miss Hall said : ` I hope other girls who read my story are able to gain hope from everything I have achieved . There is always help available and , despite how isolated you feel , things will get better and you can overcome an eating disorder '