Stewart Regan insists Dave King faces a challenge to convince the SFA he is a ` fit and proper ' person to be chairman of Rangers . The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles . King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body 's Professional Game Board that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations . Dave King -LRB- centre -RRB- will have to convince the SFA that he is suitable to become the next Rangers chairman . He also faces questions about his role as a club director when the oldco Ibrox outfit plunged into liquidation in the summer of 2012 . Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders . Refusing to put a timescale on when a decision will come , Regan said : ` We are in discussions with Rangers and their advisors and we are gathering information on Mr King . When we have all of that information in , the board will consider it and decide whether or not we are prepared to accept Dave King as a fit and proper person to be chairman of Rangers . We are not in a position to put a timescale on that . ` We need any evidence from Mr King that would support why he believes that he is fit and proper in consideration to the list of criteria in our Article 10 which cover all of the areas regarding track record , background , insolvency and any convictions . ` His tax convictions are a challenge for him and the club to try and present a case whereby the board can view it positively . ' King 's ally Paul Murray , serving as interim chairman , faces his own fit and proper scrutiny under Article 10 . SFA chief Stewart Regan says that King must give evidence to support his case to be chairman at Ibrox . ` Paul Murray , equally , is being considered given that he was a director of a football club that has been in an insolvency event in the last five years , ' added Regan . King received clearance from the Court of Session to return to the boardroom after serving as a director in the Ibrox oldco and hopes that will help the SFA to reach a decision in his favour . Rangers , meanwhile , have accepted fines totalling £ 5,500 for breaking SFA disciplinary rules in relation to Newcastle owner Mike Ashley 's involvement with the club . Rangers have been handed a £ 5,500 fine for breaking SFA disciplinary rules relating to Mike Ashley -LRB- centre -RRB- .