Top marks for Saskia , the girlfriend of an Arsenal fan who aced a written exam on all things Gunners to save their relationship and whose mostly correct responses have gone viral . Saskia , 17 , whose username is @saskiaisabxlla , posted excerpts of the exam on Monday with the message ` Boyfriend made me take an @Arsenal exam . ' For Saskia -LRB- surname withheld -RRB- , the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points , or 87 per cent . By the grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an A. Saskia , 17 , aced the ` Arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent . ` Well done , Saskia . As a result , I will not be dumping you -LSB- lucky you -RSB- , ' he wrote in red pen on the cover of the test along with some feedback . The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times , almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers , with widespread congratulations coming from Gunners fans . ` Could have performed better in Q17 , ' a question in which she was asked to explain ` why Alexis Sanchez is better than Eden Hazard . ' Her responses included ` Sanchez is buff ' and that ` he scores a lot of goals ' . A derogatory comment about Hazard , the newly crowned PFA Player of the Year , got extra marks . She told Sportsmail : ` After the Arsenal vs Chelsea game the previous Sunday , he told me `` I might make make an Arsenal exam for you '' . At first I thought he was joking but then I thought it would be funny to do it . ` Over the time that we have been together I managed to adopt his interest and learnt a lot about football in the process . So the following day I took it under his watch to make sure I did n't cheat . He marked it based on his own grade boundaries and I did better than he expected . ` I tweeted it the same evening , but we never expected it to get this far . I 've had mixed reception but most of it was positive , some even calling him a `` legend '' . He said that our relationship was on the line but he was bluffing and used it as a tool to motivate me . ` A few took it too seriously but at the end of the day it was just something that we did together for fun and was meant to be humorous and lighthearted . ' Saskia correctly identified the Arsenal away strip although she did n't recall the score of the 2014 FA Cup final . Club loyalty was an important part of the exam and Saskia knew the score when it came to Sanchez v Hazard . Saskia 's recall of last year 's FA Cup final was also tested , but she must n't have been paying attention that day when the Gunners beat Hull 3-2 -LRB- not 2-0 -RRB- and Aaron Ramsey scored the winner -LRB- not Olivier Giroud -RRB- . After correctly identifying a yellow Gunners shirt as the away strip , Saskia was asked to name the entire Arsenal starting XI with their positions for 22 points . She faltered only in calling Mesut Ozil a defender , Danny Welbeck a midfielder instead of a striker -LRB- harsh marking -RRB- and leaving out Laurent Koscielny altogether . Alexis Sanchez ` is buff , ' says Saskia in one answer ; although she thought Mesut Ozil was a defender . In her boyfriend 's feedback he advised Saskia to ` Learn all player positions ' and how she is supposed to feel about North London rivals Tottenham . ` I salute your boyfriend ! And you deserve a medal for being such a sport ! ' tweeted Sajan Gupta -LRB- @Maverick_3 -RRB- .