English essential : This laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school and lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses . Militants fighting for the Islamic State terror group in Syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak English - something the NHS still has n't introduced . Revealing plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS ' de facto capital Raqqa , the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers . Among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age , must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists , and must speak fluent English . The latter rule is something that even the NHS has yet fully put in place , with nurses who trained in European countries still able to treat patients without any formal language checks thanks to bureaucratic rules barring the Nursing and Midwifery Council testing EU candidates . Details of the first nursing school to be opened in ISIS-held territory were revealed by on Twitter by Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently - an activist group based in the Syrian city that uses a network of brave informers to document the daily atrocities carried out by the Islamic extremists . RIBSS shared a photograph of a laminated document written in Arabic giving details of the new medical school and listing the entry requirements for would-be nurses . It states that all candidates be aged between 18 and 25 , pass an entry exam , impress during an interview , graduated from secondary school with science qualifications , be willing to travel to any ISIS-held area , and willing work for ISIS institutions for at least two years after graduating . The document also states the importance of English - saying candidates will not be accepted without knowing how to speak and understand the language . This is in stark contrast with Britain where English language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced , despite legislation being passed last month making them a legal requirement . Jihadis : ISIS has English language rules for all nurses . The NHS does not have the same level of checks . Although the law has changed , the Nursing and Midwifery Council must engage in a lengthy consultation process , draft new legislation and seek council approval before it can test the English language skills of nurses who trained within the EU . Students graduating from ISIS ' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating . However the announcement in Raqqa promised that graduate nurses who achieved top grades and showed the most promise at the school will be considered for places as ISIS ' medical school , where they can train for better paid jobs such as doctors and surgeons . ISIS ' English language rules have been put in place long before the NHS has been able to bring in similar checks . Militants : Students graduating from ISIS ' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating . ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service - complete with information on the latest suicide bombings and ` martyrdom operations ' . The extremist group 's first English bulletin aired on Tuesday on its al-Bayan radio network , which already boasts updates in both Arabic and Russian . The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast , which begins and ends with traditional sounding Arabic music , is hosted by a man with an American accent , who takes the listener through the main events of the day . It also boasts of ISIS fighters ` roasting the flesh ' of their opponents , car bombs killing people and destroying an ` idol ' and so-called ` martyrdom operations ' . It ends thanking the listener for ` tuning in ' . Last year the law was changed to make it legal for all foreign nurses , midwives and dentists from outside the European Union to be forced to take an IELTS language exam if it was felt their English made them unsafe in a medical environment . Since then 429 doctors from outside the EU have been refused a licence to practise medicine in the UK because their English language skills are not up to scratch . Similar rules were passed last month extending those rules to prospective medical who trained inside the EU , a rule quickly adopted by doctors and dentists . The rule is still not being by the Nursing and Midwifery Council , however , as the regulator requires a lengthy public consultation process before it can amend its rules . Even then the law will only apply to candidates who medical authorities judge could be a danger due to poor English language skills . In such an instance the nurse would first be required to prove sufficient English language experience - such as from a GCSE-style qualification - or they will be forced to take the British Council 's IELTS qualification , to access whether they have reached a suitable level for their job .