A pensioner is living in fear after his Jack Russell saved him from a badger the size of a large pig with six-inch teeth . Shocked Terry Cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs . Mr Cooper , from Curry Rivel , Somerset said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there . Scroll down for video . Shocked : Pensioner Terry Cooper said the huge badger burst through a hedge with two cubs -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Mr Cooper spotted the huge badger while sitting in his garden in the sunshine with his Jack Russell Sam . The retired charity worker said : ` I 've got a little Jack Russell and I took him out just after tea at 5 pm . ` Suddenly there was a badger and two little'uns in my garden . ` He was the size of a pig , with teeth about six inches long . They were as long as a lemonade bottle is wide . ' ` My dog turned me round and quickly pulled me in , ' Mr Cooper added . ` The badger did n't attack me , so I did n't seek medical attention , but I was left badly shaken . ` If I had n't have had my dog there , the badger could have had me . ' Following the scare , the National Farmers ' Union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers -LRB- stock photo -RRB- . He has covered the gap in his hedge with two pieces of metal and a bag of compost . Following the scare , the National Farmers ' Union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers . Alex Stevens , South West regional policy advisor , said : ` Badgers are protected by law and people should n't be interfering with badgers or setts . ` This incident is really unusual and surprising , given the time at which it happened . But badgers are pretty headstrong . I suspect he was searching for an easy source of food . ` Badgers can squeeze through any gaps in fences or hedges which are bigger than 7.5 centimetres . So if you have fencing with the slats spaced more narrowly , that will help . ` Even better , people can protect their property through badger-proof fencing . This goes a foot or two into the ground so that badgers can not tunnel underneath it . ` People should also keep the lids on their bins , and if they have a dog or a cat , do n't leave their food or water bowls out in the open . ` If you do have to make contact with a badger , be sure to wash your hands afterwards . '