An English photographer has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera . John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in England , major US cities , and sandy beaches in Australia . Chapple , originally from North Devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography , his website says . Scroll down for video . Quite the view ! Photographer John Chapple captured this shot of the Santa Monica Pier in Santa Monica , California . Escape : Water pours down a grassy California hillside in this image . West Coast adventure : Chapple captured downtown city skyscrapers - as well as miles of the Greater Los Angeles area and mountains in the distance . Dried up : Desert shrubbery is seen as sun touches down on mountains in Mojave , California . Pathway : Chapple spied this structure in Queensland , Australia . Getaway : Birds swim through the waters of Western Australia in this shot . Stormy weather : Clouds perch over grassy areas in Northam Burrows , North Devon . ` For his panoramic images he uses a Linhof Technorama 617s III , ' his website says . ` This camera is unique in that the negatives are a huge 6 x 17 centimeters , with only four exposures per film . ` He also used a 50 megapixel digital Hasselblad and a top of the range 1DS Canon digital camera . ' When asked for advice during a 2012 interview with Landscape Photography Magazine , Chapple said to ` Invest in a good alarm clock , a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod and you ca n't go wrong . ' Chapple told the magazine at the time ` My dream is to one day be able to make a living with my landscape photography . Right now it 's something that I love doing , and squeeze into my hectic life when I can . ` I ca n't imagine a greater life , being able to shoot landscapes AND make my monthly mortgage payment . There 's nothing greater professionally than being paid to do what you love . ' Blur : Chapple took this image in Queensland , Australia . He has worked as both a news and showbusiness photographer . Mystery : Light peers through trees in an Oregon forest . Rocky stop : Waves crash against rocks in Western Australia . Make a break for it : The Cook Islands ' Rarotonga is seen covered in trees . Long way out : A pier is seen at Busselton Jetty in Western Australia . Dramatic : Rocks in Western Australia are bathed in sunlight as waves pour over . Sweet treat : Chapple took this image of Sugarloaf Rock while traveling through Western Australia . Natural beauty : Chapple has said of his photography ` I am self taught . Funnily enough , I failed art in school ' Cosmopolitan : No stranger to inclement weather , Seattle 's skyscrapers are seen underneath dark skies . Washed ashore : A colorful boat is seen at Crow Point in North Devon , England . He also told the publication he 's been able to use his errors and move forward , saying ` I am self taught . Funnily enough , I failed art in school . ` I completed an apprenticeship when I finished school , but I was really only shown what I 'd done wrong , as opposed to what I 'd done right , so I found that I learned mostly from my mistakes . In years following , it was really trial and error and learning the hard way . ' Chapple revealed during the 2012 interview a motivation to preserve the way the world looks for his family . He told Landscape Photography Magazine ` The biggest moment of clarity as a photographer came with the birth of my first son , Radley Danger Chapple -LRB- yes , Danger really is his middle name -RRB- . ` After a conversation with my father-in-law about how visibility in the mountains has decreased so much in his lifetime because of air pollution , I suddenly felt a real urgency to capture images that my children can share with their grandchildren . ` We live in a changing world , and photography is the only way of documenting exactly what I see for future generations . ' For more of Chappel 's work , visit his website or his Facebook page . Where does it go ? A wooden pathway is seen at Braunton Burrows in North Devon , England . Gathering : Chapple , who uses a film camera for landscapes , photographed these massive stones in Brandon , Oregon . Wide open spaces : Chappel takes photographs with a Linhof Technorama 617s III . Isolation ? A wooden house is seen in a snow field in Williston , North Dakota . Paradise : A dock leads out to sea in Western Australia . Contrast : Chapple said in a 2012 interview to ` Invest in a good alarm clock , a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod and you ca n't go wrong ' Fun in the sun : Houses line Venice Beach , California . Candid camera : Chapple turns the camera on himself in this selfie .