Clay Aiken , the loser in a November contest to represent the Second District of North Carolina in Congress , uncorked some show-biz venom Monday on the election 's winner , Rep. Renee Ellmers . ` She 's a b ** ch ! ' Aiken told SiriusXM radio host Howard Stern , discussing his Esquire Network documetary program that chronicles his failed bid for a seat in the House of Representatives . The show is called ` The Runner-Up , ' a reference both to ths election and to his second-place finish in the second season of American Idol . American Idol runner-up and congressional election runner-up Clay Aiken body-slammed Rep. Renee Ellmers on Monday 's Howard Stern Show , calling her a ` b ** ch ' and an ` idiot ' Ellmers , an intensive-care nurse by training , beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November . Ellmers , an intensive-care nurse who married a surgeon , plays an unwitting part in the show . ` She 's an idiot , ' said Aiken , 36 . ` And I think her self-esteem is just in the floor . Under the floor . ' The 51-year-old congresswoman captured 58.8 per cent of the vote on her way to a third term , compared with Aiken 's 41.2 per cent . He won the Democratic primary when his chief rival , businessman Keith Crisco , died suddenly after a fall . Crisco was a former state secretary of commerce and a political veteran . Aiken is sketching out a second political life on the small screen , and lobbed some publicity for his show at Stern 's gigantic audience -- along with some slaps at Ellmers . ` You should see the second episode , because she 's a bitch , ' he said during the interview . A spokeswoman for Ellmers scoffed at Aiken , telling Daily Mail Online that his ` crude language and disrespectful demeanor towards the congresswoman has proven to the American people why he is a runner up . ' Aiken does n't much seem to care . He 's already planning the third act in his political play , telling Stern that he 's planning a future bid for elective office . MISSED IT BY THAT MUCH : Aiken conceded the race to Ellmers in November after she shellacked him by a nearly 18-point margin . ` Within the next decade I will -LSB- run -RSB- again , ' he said . But ` not right now . Probably before six years . ' Aiken , who is openly gay , also dove deep into his love life , telling Stern how hard he found it to date in New York City . He said he has stayed away from anonymous hookup apps like Grindr , insisting that he 's ` not as much of a whore as people would like to think . ' It seems Aiken picks his paramours from among men who friend him on Facebook . ` Here 's the honest truth : When people friend me -- God , I 'm goign to admit this to people -- when people friend me , if it 's a guy who 's really cute , I 'll accept him , ' he said . ` And then I 'll look at the pictures . ' Suddenly realizing that he had unleashed a flood of male admirers who might stalk him on social media , Aiken let out a shriek , and shouted : 'S ** t ! ' Stern 's producers wrote an editorial note on his website Monday afternoon , discouraging the practice . ` DO NOT send Clay a friend request now -- after today 's interview he is no longer accepting Facebook friend requests for dates ! ' the warning read . Howard Stern , a shock-jock radio host with a broad following , asked Aiken about his Esquire Network show and his taste in men . TWO-TIME LOSER : Aiken placed second to Ruben Studdard -LRB- right -RRB- in 2003 in the second season of the American Idol talent-search show . Aiken insisted that he 's skilled at screening out people who are only interested in him for his fame . ` My bulls ** t detector is pretty f**king good , ' he claimed . He also complained about a former boyfriend , a law profesor , who left him high and dry . ` He was an Aires , and he 's flightly . ... Gay men are flighty as hell , ' Aiken said . ` Who the f**k breaks up with Clay Aiken ? ' The Hill was first to report Aiken 's on-air swipe at Ellmers .