A lottery winner who thought her husband was playing an April Fools ' Day prank when he told her they had scooped £ 53million has returned to making lunches for pensioners a week after their big win . Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals at the lunch club at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire despite winning millions of pounds . The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning , just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £ 53million . Scroll down for video . Angela Maxwell has returned to her shift at a local lunch club for pensioners a week after scooping £ 53million with her husband Richard . Asked what they planned to do with the money last week the couple , who have two adult children , said they would buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community . Otherwise they intended to carry on as normal , they said , with the occasional splurge on holidays and designer clothes . Mrs Maxwell had just returned from her shift at the community hall with a stack of dirty tea towels for washing last Thursday when she learned of the win . At first she said she thought her husband was playing an April Fools ' Day prank , she said at the time . ` I just did n't believe it , then he showed me the numbers on the website and I dropped the basket of tea towels on the floor , ' she said . ` I then just sat down in the chair for about half-an-hour stunned . ' Despite becoming an overnight multimillionaire , Mrs Maxwell said she would not stop working at the lunch club where pensioners are served a two course meal for £ 3 . She spent more than four hours at the club yesterday , the Mirror reports , leaving shortly before 3 pm after the sitting . Mrs Maxwell said she would not give up her role at Coningsby Community Hall -LRB- pictured -RRB- where she prepares meals for pensioners . The couple said they would not change their lives too drastically despite the windfall , describing themselves as ` simple people ' . ` Winning this amount of money would change anyone but we are going to try and stay grounded and live the way we 've always done , ' Mr Maxwell , a cancer survivor , said last week . As well as a new minibus for local pensioners , the Maxwells said they would spend their money on upgrading the family to First Class on a forthcoming holiday to New Zealand . Mr Maxwell , an avid golf fan , said he would also like to tour the world to attend tournaments and competitions . ` Richard says he wants to travel round the world watching sport . I can go with him but I do n't think I 'll be watching any sport . ` It 'll be retail therapy for me , ' added Mrs Maxwell . The couple said they planned to use the money on buying a new minibus for local pensioners and upgrading their family to First Class on an already planned holiday to New Zealand .