A Catholic school teacher suspended after she wrote a Facebook post claiming that gays were behind an ` agenda ' to ` reengineer western civ into slow extinction ' has been reinstated . Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity , in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Thelma & Louise star Susan Sarandon , who 's his aunt . Another one of Jannuzzi 's posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of Egyptian men being beheaded and she said that ` secular materialists -LRB- are -RRB- making our country so weak we can not fight the dictatorship of Militant Islam . ' Patricia Jannuzzi , right , who wrote in a Facebook post that gays were behind an ` agenda ' to ` reengineer western civ into slow extinction ' , has been reinstated at Immaculata High School despite protests from the likes of Susan Sarandon . A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville saying Jannuzzi had been reinstated , Gannett New Jersey reports . Monsignor Seamus Brennan , pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception , said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in ` a way that is positive and never hurtful . ' ` Tone and choice of words matter and I trust Mrs. Jannuzzi 's stated promise to strive always to teach in a spirit of truth and charity , ' Brennan wrote . He cited Jannuzzi 's ` otherwise good reputation as an educator over 30 years at Immaculata ' as a factor . After school officials and Diocese of Metuchen Bishop Paul Bootkoski distanced themselves from Jannuzzi 's remarks , the diocese was on the end of a backlash from conservatives and traditionalists upset that the school and church did not side with their teacher against a liberal Hollywood activist . Jannuzzi 's family , fearing she would lose her job , raised more than $ 31,000 online . A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville said Jannuzzi had been reinstated . Monsignor Seamus Brennan , pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception , said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in ` a way that is positive and never hurtful ' After Bootkoski issued a statement that Jannuzzi continued to receive salary and benefits and that no long-term decision over her job had been made , the Catholic leader was slammed on two radio ads broadcast and accused of trying to cover up Jannuzzi 's firing . In a statement posted on the fundraising page , Jannuzzi 's attorney David Oakley said all of the contributions would be returned . Oakley said Jannuzzi was ` very happy ' with the turn of events . ` I 'm delighted with the understanding , ' he said Friday . ` We 're grateful to the school for engaging in the process . ' Michael Hichborn , president of Lepanto Institute , the conservative Catholic group that paid for the radio ads , said on Friday he was surprised by the news . Sarandon 's nephew Scott Lyons has criticized his former school for reinstating a teacher who he accused of ` blatant intolerance for the LGBT community ' ` That 's excellent . It was a great injustice and thank God that the right outcome came about , ' he said . ` If they changed their mind I hope it is for a matter of justice and not for a matter of looking to see which way the wind is blowing . ' The alumni petition on Change.org was closed by the organizer with 1,188 signatures . In a message , organizer Tom Robinson declared victory . ` As a result of the petition , Immaculata High School acknowledged the problem and decided to review their social media policy . Due to the media firestorm that occurred , the teacher was put on administrative leave , ' he said . ` We have taken a stand and brought attention to an important subject : Intolerance should not be acceptable in a public forum , especially not by a teacher who could be alienating children at the school . '