Reality star ` Mama ' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike ` Sugar Bear ' Thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago . Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear 's home in McIntyre , Georgia , where Mama June 's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom . Since then Billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts . Scroll down for video . Reality star ` Mama ' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike ` Sugar Bear ' Thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago . Billy Thompson , center , was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear 's home in McIntyre , Georgia , where Mama June 's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom . The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children , reports TMZ . The family 's popular reality show , Here Comes Honey Boo Boo , was cancelled by TLC after photos emerged of Shannon spending time with convicted child molester Mark McDaniel . June 's oldest daughter , Anna ` Chickadee ' Cardwell , has accused McDaniel of repeatedly abusing her when she was just a child . In the wake of the cancellation , Thompson 's younger brother - Lee ` Uncle Poodle ' Thompson -- revealed to The National Enquirer that Shannon had indulged in a ` threesome ' with Sugar Bear and older brother Billy back in 2007 . ` June said all of the kids were out of the house and Billy came over to visit them , ' Uncle Poodle told the Enquirer in December . ` Billy happened to see her in her undergarments . He then told June , `` If you are dressed like that when I get back , I 'm going to have sex with you . '' ' Billy , pictured with June 's daughter Jessica on the day of Mama June and Sugar Bear 's wedding in May 2013 has n't been seen since April 11 and is n't returning phone calls or texts . Lee ` Uncle Poodle ' Thompson , above , claimed in December that Mama June had enjoyed a ` threesome ' with Sugar Bear and his older brother Billy . Poodle then says that when Billy came back June was ` naked in bed and they ended up having a threesome . ' When asked about the incident , Billy said he ` could n't remember . ' In the wake of the Enquirer 's revelation , Poodle posted a text message exchange he had with June in which she reportedly told him ; ` IM GOING TO CONFRONT EVERYONE ON EVERYTHING BCYES YOU HAVE STARTED SOME LIES . ' She then reportedly wrote ; ` OH AND YEAH YOUR FAKE DATE WITH NATIONAL ENQUIOR WHEN YOU TOLD HIM ABOUT ME BILLY AND SUGAR BEAR IT 'S OKAY BC THAT IS MY PAST . ' Mama June did n't respond officially to the claims , and Uncle Poodle refused to back down . ` I would be more than happy to take another polygraph test -LRB- based -RRB- on what June told me , ' he said . ` If she denies it . '