Aaron Hernandez left behind his life as a millionaire star athlete today , swapping a designer suit for a set of gray scrubs at a prison where he will begin a life sentence for murder . It is perhaps fitting that Hernandez was booked at MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole , a prison just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium where he used to play for the New England Patriots . Hernandez has n't set foot in the stadium since June 2013 , when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering Odin Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fianceé at the time . On Wednesday , a 12-person jury found Hernandez guilty , sentencing him to life in prison without the possibility of parole due to some especially heinous aspects of Lloyd 's killing . Scroll down for video . The beginning of the rest of his life : Aaron Hernandez was taken to the MCI Cedar Juntion prison in Walpole , Massachusetts on Wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd . Hernandez circled in red , arriving at the 700-inmate prison . Old neighborhood : Cedar Junction is about a mile and a half away from Gillette Stadium , where Hernandez used to play tight end for the New England Patriots . Nothing to smile about now : Hernandez slumped down in his chair on Wednesday as a guilty verdict was read -LRB- left -RRB- . Pictured on the right during happier times , playing for the Patriots . Hernandez was shocked by the decision , mouthing ` You 're wrong ' , before slumping to his seat - perhaps seeing the riches to rags reality of his new life . Hernandez has vowed to appeal the decision . Directly after court , Hernandez was taken to the 700-inmate facility that will serve as a stark contrast to his former home - a $ 1.3 million mansion . Hernandez arrived at Cedar Junction around 1 pm for booking and was given the prison number W106228 . The booking process took about two hours , and was probably not the most comfortable of experiences . According to a report by WBUR , new inmates at the facility are taken downstairs into the basement where the intake center is located . It is there that they change into their new uniform of gray scrubs and laceless canvas shoes , turning over their personal clothes to be either incinerated or mailed home . New home : Hernandez is starting his sentence at maximum-security prison MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole , Massachusetts -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . Stately : Before his arrest , Hernandez lived in a $ 1.3 million mansion in North Attleborough , Massachusetts -LRB- pictured above . They then post for a new mugshot and are fingerprinted before sitting in a special chair that scans their bodies for possible hidden objects . All new inmates receive a paper bag containing seven pairs of underwear and a specially-designed razor and pen that ca n't be used as a weapon . Jerry-rigged weapons are something Hernandez should be concerned with , according to Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hogson . Sheriff Hogson spoke with WHDH after the ruling on Wednesday and said that as the focus of a high-profile case , Hernandez will be targeted in the prison . ` It depends how he 's classified or where he 'll be , but it 's always a possibility , always a concern , ' Hodgson said . Labor : Workers at Cedar Junction 's prison manufacture license plates for 50 cents an hour - a far cry from the $ 40million contract extension Hernandez received from the Patriots in 2012 . The food at Cedar Junction was described by a Boston Globe reporter as ` marginally edible ' . Hernandez pictured above eating chicken after a Patriots game . Some other aspects of prison life may not be up to Hernandez 's standards either - such as the 50 cents an hour inmates are paid to manufacture license plates . In 2012 , the Patriots extended Hernandez 's contract for five years in a $ 40million deal that was unprecedented for a tight end . Also in 2012 , he signed a deal to be a spokesman for shoe brand Puma . And for a former professional athlete who 's used to eating large satisfying meals , Hernandez may lose his appetite in the cafeteria where the food was once described by a Boston Globe reporter as ` marginally edible ' . Cedar Point is where all male inmates are booked when they start their sentences in Massachusetts , so Hernandez will eventually be moved to another facility in the coming weeks or months , . It 's reported that he will be sent to Sousa Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Massachusetts next . Moving : Hernandez will be moved in the coming weeks or moths to the Sousa Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Massachusetts -LRB- pictured above -RRB- .