A row has erupted over controversial plans to demolish an historic Grade I listed crescent designed by the architect of Buckingham Palace and replace it with a £ 500milion block of luxury flats . After angering locals with an initial proposal , the developer has now submitted fresh plans to demolish the John Nash-designed Park Crescent West and rebuild it as apartments . The crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to its current design , but residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals , claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives . Fresh start : Park Crescent West , next to Regents Park in London , could be demolished and re-built again under controversial plans which have angered nearby residents worried about noise and disruption . How it could look : Controversial plans for houses behind Park Crescent West -LRB- pictured -RRB- have been unveiled by property developer PCW Property Holdings . The development would be made up of 73 homes in total . PCW Property Holdings paid £ 105million for the crescent in 2013 . The new development will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £ 15million . With around 183,000 sq/ft of accommodation , any completed development is set to be worth in excess of £ 500million . Carlo Seidel , who is representing residents , yesterday said ` an overwhelming number ' of people were against it . He said : ` There are a lot of elderly people living here and a number who are n't healthy . They do not want the development to go ahead . Opposition : Modern flats next to the planned development -LRB- pictured -RRB- where residents are objecting to the proposal to demolish a Grade I listed crescent designed by the architect of Buckingham Palace . The vision : After angering locals with an initial proposal , the developer has now submitted fresh plans -LRB- pictured -RRB- to demolish the John Nash-designed crescent and rebuild it as ultra-posh apartments . A big deal : With around 183,000 sq/ft of accommodation , any completed development in place of Park Crescent West , near Regents Park in London , is set to be worth in excess of £ 500million . A glimpse into the past : How Park Crescent West looked in the early 1900s . It was designed by Buckingham Palace architect John Nash . ` This is a complicated project and there will be massive disruption . People are upset . ` It is at the expense of longstanding London residents who are expected to put up with years of misery and mess without any compensation , for the sake of the developer 's profit . ' Mr Seidel added : ` Residents are conscious that developments have to happen from time to time but they feel that they ought to be appropriately compensated for being caught up in one . ` It is probably going to take around five years and some of the elderly people are saying they wo n't be alive for another five years . ` If this is going to happen they are going to need decent compensation so they can move while any work takes place . ' The crescent was originally designed by John Nash in the early 19th century to be grand houses for the friends and family of the Prince Regent . In the pipeline : The revamp will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £ 15million . Residents fear the work could take around five years to complete . Bombed : What the crescent looked like in the early 1950s after being partially destroyed in the Second World War . The Grade I listed terrace was restored in 1960 and replaced with offices and residential accommodation . Nash , who designed Buckingham Palace , wanted a full circus , but only a semi-circle was ever built and a large amount was destroyed by bombing during the Second World War . The crescent was restored in 1960 and replaced with offices and residential accommodation . Developers want to replace the facade of the Grade I listed crescent , which is a ` flawed modern copy ' of the original work by Nash . The proposals are to remove it and build a more historically correct and accurate replacement . There were plans to build 80 homes , but the developers had to revise their proposals after discovering an 18th century ice house beneath the road and parking bays . Fresh plans , consisting of almost 150 documents , were submitted to Westminster Council last week . John Nash , remembered for his work on Buckingham Palace , Regent 's Park and Regent Street in London , is one of the most famous architects of the 18th and early 19th centuries . He was born in January 1752 and after an early education received training from the architect Sir Robert Taylor . After early education , Nash was trained by the architect Sir Robert Taylor and worked as a surveyor and builder in the city of London . In 1777 Nash established his own business and later inherited £ 1,000 from an uncle which he decided to risk on the building of houses in Great Russell Street and Bloomsbury Square . The buildings failed to rent out and Nash was declared bankrupt in 1783 . Returning to London in 1797 , Nash then designed a number of Gothic castles around the country , in places such as Luscombe Castle in Devon and Caerahays Castle in Cornwall . Nash soon came under the patronage of the Prince Regent , later King George IV . In 1806 he was appointed Surveyor General of Woods , Forests and Parks and from 1810 onwards worked solely for the prince . By 1813 he had been appointed official architect to the Office of Works , which meant advising parliamentary commissions on things such as new church buildings . This was when he designed Regent 's Park , Buckingham Palace and two theatres in Haymarket . When George IV died in 1830 , Nash lost his royal protector amid a backlash about the extravagance of the King 's reign . Buckingham Palace had cost thousands , millions in today 's terms , and Nash ultimately retired . He died a few years later in May 1835 . Architect : John Nash -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , who designed Buckingham Palace , wanted a full circus but only a semi-circle crescent was ever built , where scientist and inventor Sir Charles Wheatstone -LRB- right -RRB- once lived . Landscaping : What the gardens could look like under the landscaping scheme for Park Crescent West . A raise pool with seating is included . But despite the anger from residents , there is support from people working in the property industry while Westminster Council would receive around £ 5million from the developers for affordable housing . Becky Fatemi , managing director of luxury estate agent Rokstone , believes it is an ` exciting new plan ' which will help boost the area . She said : ` Over the last five years the regeneration of Marylebone and new super-prime resi projects in Regents Park such as the new mansions at Cornwall Terrace have totally transformed the perception of the park and its surrounding properties . Builders at the Park Crescent West site . Despite anger from residents , there is support from people working in the property industry while Westminster Council would receive around £ 5million for affordable housing . On site : Builders at the Grade I listed crescent where property developer PCW Property Holdings insist the plan is for the facade to look near-on identical to its current design . There were plans to build 80 homes , but the developers had to revise their proposals after discovering an 18th century ice house beneath the road and parking bays . Around 200 people living in flats -LRB- pictured -RRB- that back onto Park Crescent West , many of whom are elderly , are opposed to fresh plans , consisting of almost 150 documents , submitted to Westminster Council last week . Unhappy : Carlo Seidel -LRB- right -RRB- , who is representing angry residents , said ` an overwhelming number ' of locals were opposed to the plans for Park Crescent -LRB- left -RRB- . He claimed the project would cause ` massive disruption ' ` Oil royals , wealthy Russians and Ukrainian commodity billionaires plus celebrities such as Tom Ford have all moved into homes around Regents Park and the location has become totally transformed into a highly sought after luxury village . ` The buyers will be people looking for homes in and around Marylebone and Regents Park who want lateral space and like the Regency aesthetic . ' Ms Fatemi added : ` Modern schemes nearby such as The Chilterns and Chiltern Place are superb , but not everyone likes ultra modern developments . ` Period facade projects like Park Crescent and Cornwall Terrace appeal to another market who like opulent period architecture homes with luxury new specification features . ` This market is very popular with Middle East , Russian and Eastern European buyers , and it also attracts City brokers wanting a luxury London home . '