Manchester City 's hopes of retaining the Premier League title were dealt another blow as Manuel Pellegrini 's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace . Glenn Murray fired the Eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort before Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead . Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors , but it was n't enough to stop City from losing further ground on league leaders Chelsea . Here , SportsMail 's Sami Mokbel takes us through the key moments of the match . Thought Manchester City players did n't crowd referees , Manuel ? Aggrieved at Michael Oliver 's decision to let Glenn Murray 's opener stand , City players were quick to surround the referee -- delaying the restart . How will Pellegrini explain that one ? Manuel pellegrini will struggle to defend his City players after they crowded referee Michael Oliver . Kompany gets up in the referee 's face as the City captain shows his clear frustration at Selhurst Park . Palace fans were n't incredibly optimistic ahead of last night 's clash . Here 's why : City had recorded seven victories in a row against Palace . Alan Pardew 's side had also failed to score in their last three league games against them . And to top it off , as Newcastle boss Pardew had lost his last eight league matches against City by an aggregate score of 23-3 . Jason Puncheon 's stunning free-kick helped Cyrstal Palace to a memorable win against Manchester City . Punchon celebrates his goal and is congratulated by Palace team-mate James McArthur -LRB- right -RRB- . Wonder what FA chairman Greg Dyke made of Manchester City 's starting XI yesterday . With James Milner and Frank Lampard on the bench , Manuel Pellegrini named a team without a single English outfield player for the 16th Premier League game this season . Former England midfielder Frank Lampard -LRB- pictured -RRB- and James Milner were left on the bench for City . But for goalkeeper Joe Hart , all of City 's starting line-up against Crystal Palace were foreign players . Joel Ward made his 100th appearance for Palace on Monday night . Alan Pardew fears there may not be many more as the impasse over a new contract continues . Crystal Palace defender Joel Ward -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for the ball with City midfielder David Silva -LRB- right -RRB- . Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew gives instructions to his players from the touchline at Selhurst Park .