A former jewelry store worker has been arrested for his alleged role in the abduction and torture of a female employee at the business . Khayree Gay , 31 , was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City , South Carolina , according to a report from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Gay , who is originally from Feltonville , Pennsylvania , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia . Scroll down for video . Khayree Gay , 31 , was captured last Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City , South Carolina for his alleged role in the botched jewelry store heist . The 53-year-old female victim was seen walking through the parking garage on April 4 shortly before she was grabbed and thrown into a van . The Ford van was seen on surveillance tape making its way to the roof of the garage where the woman was told she was going to die by men in ski masks unless she handed over the code for the jewelry store safe . The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange in downtown Philadelphia was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4 pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage . She was driven to the building 's roof , beaten and shot with a Taser seven times . She was told she was going to die by the three men in ski masks , Philly.com reported . According to authorities , the woman was told to hand over codes to the safe which she did not know . She handed over her ATM card , which the suspects used to fill the van with gas , and was taken to a cemetery where she was zip-tied and dumped from the van . She freed her hands and tied to flee but the suspects returned and put her in shackles and handcuffs . The suspects again demanded information from the woman who was unable to tell them anything and they abandoned her in the cemetery . The woman was treated at a local hospital for broken ribs and a concussion . The victim , whose identity has not been released , was traumatized by what had happened , police reported . Gay 's two suspected accomplices were not with him when he was arrested . The 31-year-old has been arrested six times on aggravated-assault , drug and firearm charges , according to reports . He faces federal charges of kidnapping and robbery . He was being held at Florence County Detention Center in South Carolina and does not appear to have a lawyer . The red van pulled into a gas station where the female employee 's ATM card was used to fill up the tank . A former employee and two accomplices were believed to have kidnapped a Jewelers Row -LRB- pictured -RRB- employee on April 4 in Philadelphia .