Thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a controversial weight loss advertisement to be pulled , as Katie Hopkins slammed those complaining about the posters as ` chubsters ' . The bright yellow advert for Protein World has been put up in a number of London Underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question : ` Are you beach body ready ? ' . But the campaign , which promotes the brand 's weight loss collection , has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners , with some of the posters even being defaced . Scroll down for video . More than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for this controversial Protein World weight loss advertisement featuring a woman in a bikini to be pulled . A change.org petition calling for the removal of the adverts has now attracted more than 45,000 signatures , while critics of the billboard , unhappy at the insinuation that only those who resemble the model , 24-year-old Renee Somerfield , have the appropriate figures for the beach , have started a hashtag #everybodysready . Now Katie Hopkins has waded into the row , dubbing those who have been vandalising posters ` chubsters ' , and saying they should turn their efforts to exercising instead . Hopkins , who has been outspoken about weight in the past , tweeted : ` Chubsters , quit vandalising Protein World ads and get your a *** running on the road . Feminism is n't an excuse for being fat . Eat less move more . ` Ads for ` beach body ready ' vandalised . Society has huge acceptance for being fat - but masses of abuse for being skinny . ' ` We are cheer leading chubsters ; `` brave '' `` beautiful inside and out '' but we are quick to shame those with self control , eating in moderation . ' The former Celebrity Big Brother star , who has made a documentary about her own weight gain and loss , later added : ` Let 's get the @ProteinWorld ads at the top of stairs and steep hills . Get the chubsters with their sharpies shifting their chubby a **** . Hopkins tweeted : ` Chubsters , quit vandalising Protein World ads and get your a *** running on the road ' Katie Hopkins has previously been outspoken on the issue of weight , and wrote on Twitter that ` society has a huge acceptance for being fat - but masses of abuse for being skinny ' Hopkins spoke out against those campaigning for the advert to be withdrawn on Twitter . Hopkins later declared that she was going on a run , and encouraged ` angry chubsters ' to chase her . ` Off for a run . Angry chubsters - feel free to catch me and tell me about your ` medical issues ' @ProteinWorld ' . The change.org petition states : ` Protein World is directly targeting individuals , aiming to make them feel physically inferior to the unrealistic body image of the bronzed model , in order to sell their product . ` Perhaps not everyone 's priority is having a ` beach body ' -LRB- by the way , what is that ? -RRB- , and making somebody feel guilty for not prioritising it by questioning their personal choices is a step too far . ` A body 's function is far more intricate and important than looking ` beach ready ' , so in fact it is Protein World who have confused their priorities , if anyone . ' The Advertising Standards Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- said it has received 216 complaints about the ad , and a spokeswoman said the general nature of the complaints is that the ad is ` offensive , irresponsible and harmful because it promotes an unhealthy body image ' . An investigation has not been launched but the ASA said they are ` carefully assessing ' the complaints to ` establish if there are grounds for further action ' . Online fitness store Protein World , who claim the image has not been doctored using Photoshop , have also been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved Twitter users . Richard Staveley , head of marketing at Protein World , said it was ` great ' that Hopkins had added her voice to the debate . ` I think much of what is being said and shared online Katie is obviously in agreement , ' he said . Hopkins was regularly seen exercising during her time in Celebrity Big Brother . ` It 's great to have somebody of such high profile getting involved at all , because it 's obviously something that we want to be discussed . ` We want to encourage discussion on this . Ultimately we want to encourage a healthier , fitter nation . We want to encourage everybody to be the very best version of themselves . ` It has been quite odd how many people we 've found who are far quicker to fit shame than fat shame . ` And you know if that makes us bad then so be it , and if Katie Hopkins is in agreement with us then we 're delighted , ' he said . Last week Hopkins was blasted by the UN 's High Commissioner for Human Rights after she likened migrants to cockroaches . A change.org petition calling for the removal of the adverts has now attracted more than 43,000 signatures , while critics of the billboard have started a hashtag #everybodysready . Many of the posters have been doctored , including this version which had been put up on a train . Another campaigner has their say on one of the Protein World posters . Jordanian Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said the reality television star had used language in her Sun column similar to that used by newspapers and radio stations in Rwanda before the 1994 genocide which led to hundreds of thousands of people being slaughtered . Mr Staveley said Protein World has no official relationship with Hopkins , adding : ` We do n't endorse any of her other comments or views necessarily . ' The company 's Twitter account retweeted Hopkins but Mr Staveley said a retweet does not mean endorsement , adding that it was ` great ' to have someone with such a ` strong following ' wade in to the debate . He said there is ` no concern ' on behalf of the company regarding the petition . Katie Hopkins has described those campaigning against the controversial Protein World ` Beach Ready ' adverts as ` chubsters ' ` We wo n't be removing the ad . I mean , there 's more than two and a half million people use the London Underground every day and , like I say , sales have considerably jumped , so regardless of that 40,000 I think I can comfortably say that we 've had ... it 's been better for us , there 's been far more positive reaction than negative , ' he said . Mr Staveley said they ` always welcome constructive criticism '' but said there were `` some serial perpetual complainers out there ' . He said some of the criticism has demonstrated ` irrational extremist behaviour ' , such as the ` vandalising ' of adverts . Mr Staveley said Protein World is ` not a faceless corporation that 's just going to sit silently ' , adding : ` We 're a brand with a personality and that means there will be certain level of engagement across our social media channels which might take some people by surprise . ' He said he fully endorsed that engagement , adding : ` That 's part of our strategy . ' Protein World 's Twitter account has tweeted that it is ` Here to motivate , not commiserate ' , and used the hashtag #getagrip . ` We are a nation of sympathisers for fatties , ' a spokesperson for Protein World tweeted to one user after she signed the change.org petition calling for the removal of the advert . ` Why make your insecurities our problem ? ' Mr Staveley said if significant ` vitriol ' is directed towards Protein World , they are not going to ` sit back and ignore it ' . The model at the centre of the controversy has also responded to the ` contradictor ' drama , citing the irony of people getting angry about body shaming , whilst body shaming her . ` I think nearly every ad campaign you have ever seen is open to interpretation . But saying the ad is body shaming by body shaming the image is very contradictory . Two wrongs do n't make a right , ' she told the Huffington Post . Australian Ms Somerfield , who is a strict vegan , said : ` I am a real person behind the image . I work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why Protein World chose me for their campaign . I could n't work every day as a full time model by starving myself , dieting or not looking after my body . Nourish your body , be kind to it and it will love you right back , no matter your size . ` I agree that ALL bodies are ` beach body ready ' . Skinny , curvy , muscular , petite , tall , short , young and old . Confidence is beautiful no matter what size you are ... . Your reflection does n't define your worth . ' According to its website , Protein World is ` leading the protein revolution with a new and innovative range of pure , GMO-free supplements to help you become healthier , leaner , fitter and stronger ' . It says their weight-loss supplements will ` help raise your metabolism and burn fat fast ' .