Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has branded the obsession with Jurgen Klopp 's next move as a ` ridiculous circus ' . Klopp confirmed on Wednesday that his intention was to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final . It sparked a frenzy of speculation about whether the charismatic 47-year-old might be destined for the Barclays Premier League with Arsenal or Manchester City , where manager Manuel Pellegrini is feeling the heat after a poor run of form . Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund this summer . Klopp takes training for the first time since revealing he would be ending his stay with the German side . Arsene Wenger branded the ` circus ' surrounding Klopp 's departure as ` ridiculous ' ` I 'm not an agency to place managers , ' said Wenger , when asked about Klopp 's announcement . ` I like every manager and respect , everybody . I find that circus a bit ridiculous . ` It 's down to every club to make the right decision and to respect Dortmund . Dortmund is a massive club and will survive , they have the ability to keep their best players . They have a big history linked with great results and great achievements so I do n't think that will stop for Dortmund . ' Wenger was clearly irritated that some might consider Klopp a contender for his job when the Arsenal manager has two years left on a contract signed last summer and no desire to step away at a time when his side is making clear progress . ` I have already answered this question , ' he replied curtly , when asked if Klopp might be a good fit for the job at the Emirates Stadium , one day in the future , but was willing to share his thoughts on the key factors for a foreign coach to be successful in England . ` Try to get your ideas through and adapt as well to the local culture , and respect it , ' said Wenger , who is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday . It would be his ninth major trophy in more than 18 years at Arsenal . Wenger branded the obsession with Klopp 's next move in his managerial career as a ` ridiculous circus ' Alexis Sanchez -LRB- left -RRB- tries to escape Per Mertesacker during Arsenal 's training session on Thursday . Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday as league leaders Chelsea take on Manchester United at home . Santi Cazorla and Aaron Ramsey could star for Arsenal in their FA Cup semi-final with Reading .