He 's the latest person to travel to a galaxy far , far away . And on Sunday director Gareth Edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about Rogue One , the first of the standalone Star Wars films , at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim , California . At the same time , the iconic franchise 's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ` A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans in Star Wars anthology film , Rogue One #RogueOne . ' Scroll down for video ... First look : Director Gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California , on Sunday . Special : Fans at a Star Wars convention in California were treated to one last surprise before the event closed . Sneak peek : A preview from a Star Wars anthology film , Rogue One was screene . Expanding the universe far , far , away : In Rogue One ` a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans ' 18 months away : The film has not yet begun shooting so it 's not clear if these scenes will be in the final movie . One attendee managed to capture the preview of Rogue One on their cellphone before uploading it YouTube . Following the release of the trailer to Star Wars VII , Disney 's share price rocketed with more than $ US2 billion added to the company 's value . Star Wars has attracted generations of loyal fans ever since the first film arrived nearly 40 years ago , creating a signature moment in the history of popular culture and launching one of the biggest movie franchises ever . After a second trilogy of prequel films wrapped in 2005 , the movie franchise had lain dormant until Disney shelled out $ US4 billion To buy creator Lucas 's Lucasfilm in October 2012 . Disney soon announced plans for three new films in the series , with acclaimed Hollywood director J.J. Abrams being entrusted with the reboot . The Force is n't just returning to the big screen , it 's also reappearing in video games too . Star Wars Battlefront which was first teased at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 2013 , marks the first title in a 10-year deal between the Walt Disney Co. and Electronic Arts Inc. to create new games . ` For more than 1,000 generations , the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic . Before the dark times . Before the Empire , ' the voiceover reads , as the camera tracks to show a ghostly Death Star hovering in the clouds . Set between the third and the fourth movies in the ` Star Wars ' saga , the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and ` bring a new hope , ' referring to the subtitle of the original ` Star Wars . ' Gareth Edwards who directed Godzilla debuted a tantalizing concept reel to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` Star Wars ' saga . Gareth is due to start work on the spin-off , starring Felicity Jones as a Rebel fighter , this summer for a December 2016 release . Aside from the storyline , he also unveiled art and a brief sizzle reel for an audience of excited fans at the fourth and final day of the event at the Anaheim Convention Centre . . Gareth was joined onstage by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy and head of development Kiri Hart who explained : ` We really wanted freedom to do some films that could stand on their own , and tell new stories . ' She added that they are describing them as ` anthology films ' that expand the Star Wars universe without necessarily using the main characters . Joing the Star Wars characters : Gareth , pictured at the Godzilla premiere in Beijing last June , will start work on Rogue One this summer for a December 2016 release . More to come : The Star Wars website released this Twitter describing the storyline for the film , which is described as an anthology movie adding to the Star Wars universe . Glamour girl : Felicity Jones , pictured at the Oscars in February , will star in Rogue One . According to Gareth , Rogue One is set after Star Wars : Episode III - Revenge Of The Sith and before the original Star Wars , which became Episode IV when George Lucas created the three prequels . Gareth said Rogue One wo n't have clear-cut villains and heroes , according to the Hollywood Reporter . And the crowd laughed when he joked about the content , saying : ` It 's called Star WARS , ' putting heavy emphasis on the last word . ` It 's about the fact that god 's not coming to save us , and we 're on our own . The absence of the Jedi is omnipresent in the film . It hangs over the whole movie , ' he added . Felicity Jones , who recently garnered an Oscar nomination for her role in ` The Theory of Everything ' is the only confirmed cast member for the film , which will shoot in London this summer for a December 2016 release . Edwards said that her character will not just be a stoic soldier , but a complex , fully rounded human . ` We wanted to see fear , warmth , all of those aspects that everybody has , ' he said , excited that Jones embodies ` the complete package . ' In the world of ` Rogue One , ' Edwards said the ` absence of Jedi is omnipresent . ' Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy appears on the Cantina set at Star Wars Celebration : The Ultimate Fan Experience held in Anaheim last week . The characters in the film realize that the ` gods are not coming to save us , ' he said . ` It comes down to a group of people who do n't have magical powers who band together to bring hope to the galaxy . ' ` Cinderella ' scribe Chis Weitz wrote the screenplay based on an idea from visual effects supervisor John Knoll . Josh Trank , who is set to direct the next , still untitled ` Star Wars ' anthology film , did not attend the event although he was originally scheduled to appear . The idea for the film came from award-winning visual effects artist John Knoll , who pitched the idea internally before bringing it to Kathleen Kennedy and Lucasfilm 's Kiri Hart . Hart , vice president of development for Lucasfilm , said that the anthology films will vary in ` scale and genre . ' She added that they are describing them as ` anthology films ' that expand the Star Wars universe without necessarily using the main characters . ` We wanted freedom to do some films that would be able to stand on their own and tell unique stories , ' she said . ` They can still feel like ` Star Wars ' and be ` Star Wars . ' Meanwhile , it was revealed that the trailer for Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens , which debuted at the event on Thursday , was viewed 88 million times worldwide in the first 24 hours . Directed by JJ Abrams , the movie opens in the US on December 18 .