A Long Island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to New York City to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle , a relative said . Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily were going into the city when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . Scroll down for video . Iona Costello , 51 -LRB- left -RRB- and her 14-year-old daughter Emily -LRB- right -RRB- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . The pair often go to shows and museums in New York City , but relatives have filed a missing person report after Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break . Relatives of the ` quiet Irish family ' , who own a horse farm on Long Island 's North Fork , reported them missing on Tuesday . Mrs Costello , who was her late husband George 's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter , had been ` under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . ` She ca n't sell anything . She ca n't do anything because everything is in court , ' an unidentified relative told the New York Daily News . ` I do n't know if she 's having a nervous breakdown . I do n't know if somebody has kidnapped them , ' the unidentified family member said of the Costellos ' long absence from their home and farm . Costello 's adult children have argued that the will granting the estate to Iona was improperly executed , according to Novick Law Group . A Long Island court sided with the adult children last year , and Iona Costello is appealing . Amanda Hurwitz , one of George 's daughters who now lives in Connecticut , refused to comment to Daily Mail Online on the report or her stepmother 's disappearance . The widow 's trip into New York was originally only supposed to last for several days . ` She said she was going to Manhattan for Easter , ' Iona 's mother Diana Malcolmson , 80 , told Daily Mail Online . The grandmother , who lives in nearby Shelter Island , New York , said police told her that surveillance footage from the parking garage showed Mrs Costello and Emily walking away from their car on March 30 , holding suitcases and laughing . She said that she spoke regularly with her daughter , but had not heard about any plans for extended vacations . Iona Costello 's husband George , the co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 . Police said that they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the Costellos may be in danger . Iona Costello also has family in England , though they have not heard from her , according to Southold Local . While trips into New York were fairly normal , Emily being out of school is not . The ninth grader had been scheduled to return to Ross School in East Hampton from her Spring Break this past Tuesday . The mother had told workers at her farm that she would be ` back on Tuesday ' but did not return on March 31st , April 7th or April 14th . Workers at the horse farm say it is strange for Mrs Costello not to be in contact with them about raising the animals . Southold police Chief of Police Martin Flatley told Daily Mail Online that his force does not expect any foul play . He said that he does not currently have any hard evidence to point to the mother and daughter being in danger . Relative Jane Costello said that calls to both Iona 's and Emily 's phones go straight to voicemail . Police still say they do not expect any foul play in the case , though workers at the Costello 's North Fork farm say that she would normally be in contact about the business 's affairs . Workers at the farm , which also includes cows , said that Mrs Costello told them she would be ` back on Tuesday ' Mrs Costello was a well-known equestrian in eastern Long Island , according to the East Hampton Star . Iona 's husband George , co-owner of construction company Costello Marine in Greenport , died at the age of 63 a heart attack in 2012 while working on one of his boats . The pair had married in 1999 . It is not believed that the Costellos owned any property in New York , according to Chief Flatley , though authorities are now looking at a wider circle of relatives that may know about their movements in the city . A spokesperson for the NYPD said that city police are working in conjunction with Southold officers , but have not yet received any sightings of the mother and daughter . Southold Police said they had no further leads as of Sunday morning . They have asked anyone who sees Mrs Costello or her daughter to contact them at 631-765-2600 .