Faris Al-Khori , 62 , was found with a hoard of explosive ingredients and recipes for bombs in his flats . A former Syrian doctor has been jailed after police discovered a hoard of explosive ingredients and bomb-making instructions at his home . Faris Al-Khori had dozens of chemicals , poisonous materials , bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb , a court heard . The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh . Firefighters , who were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute on the 11th floor , had forced entry to a flat registered to Al-Khori and found jars containing various powders . Castor beans , which can be used to make ricin , were also found . The building was evacuated while the police and army Explosive Ordnance Device -LRB- EOD -RRB- experts were called in to test the substances - some of which were years old . Al-Khori also had a small amount of a highly volatile explosive lead picrate which was so dangerous that the Forensic Explosives Laboratory refused to take delivery of it and it was destroyed . A search was carried out at a further block where the 62-year-old lived with his wife in Leith and a further haul of material was recovered . Both blocks of flats were evacuated and the areas around them sealed off . Al-Khori said the materials were used for cleaning and as fertiliser but in February he pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act . Police seized bomb-making instructions and equipment including a bag containing an electrical circuit -LRB- pictured -RRB- from the properties . Two Coleman 's Mustard jars were found being used to store a small amount of a highly volatile explosive , lead picrate . Sentencing him to three years and four months in prison , Judge Lady Wolffe said : ` You assembled large quantities without lawful purpose and some were stored in a high rise flat in a densely populated area . ` The number and nature of the explosive substances and the places you chose to store them lead me to conclude there is no alternative to a custodial sentence . ' The court heard that much of the bomb-making equipment , which also included electrical circuits , had been ordered from online retailers . Defence QC Brian McConnachie said : ` What seems to be clear from the narrative and material is that it has been directly ordered from legitimate companies , mainly through Amazon . ` The material has always been delivered to domestic addresses and paid for by genuine credit cards registered to Mr al-Khori . ` It has always been done in the open and over a period of time . Many of the items have never been opened . Al-Khori pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act after officers seized dozens of explosive ingredients . ` It is difficult to understand the hoarding of this material but it does appear that he is someone who has some kind of academic interest in the materials . ` It seems he has accumulated materials with some kind of peculiar interest in the subject without ever intending to do anything or make anything . ' Detective Superintendent David Gordon , who led the investigation , said : ` This was a significant and complex inquiry for Police Scotland , to safely deal with these volatile items and seek to establish Al-Khori 's motives for storing them . ` A thorough investigation by the Organised Crime and Counter Terrorism Unit and Crown Office found no known links to terrorist offences and we believe Faris Al-Khori was acting independently . However , he showed utter disregard for the occupants of both buildings . ` Thanks to the swift actions of our partners in the Fire Service and armed forces , we were able to quickly assess the contents of the flats and make them safe by removing a number of items for forensic examination or controlled explosion . The items from the flats in Edinburgh were discovered by chance during a fire within the rubbish chute which was then evacuated whilst the items were recovered . ` I am also grateful to the City of Edinburgh Council for their work to re-house vulnerable residents whilst we carried out our searches . ` Public safety was at the forefront of our response to this incident and all agencies worked together to minimise any risk to the public . ` Al-Khori 's activities went unnoticed for many years , demonstrating the importance of community vigilance in our efforts to keep Scotland safe . ` Counter terrorism is one of Police Scotland 's highest priorities , and whilst Al-Khori has no such known links we will always treat all information received with the utmost importance where any risk to the public is identified . ' Al-Khori , who was born in Damascus and raised in a Christian family , trained as a doctor in Iraq but has never practised medicine in Britain after arriving here in 1984 . He was the full-time carer for his wife , who suffers from schizophrenia , and has had British citizenship since 1998 . Police and army Explosive Ordnance Device -LRB- EOD -RRB- experts had to be called in to remove the explosive materials . Lindsey Miller , the Crown Office 's Procurator Fiscal for Organised Crime and Counter-Terrorism , added : ` The conviction of Al-Khori is a good example of agencies working closely together to protect the public . ` Al-Khori possessed a significant number and volume of explosive substances across two properties in Edinburgh as well as recipes for explosives . ` We worked closely with Police Service of Scotland and other agencies to prepare the case to ensure that Al-Khori was brought to justice . ' ` I want to reassure the people of Scotland that we take any such offences extremely seriously , and our specialist prosecutors will continue to treat them as an absolute priority . '