Samantha says she thinks she 's ` fabulous ' I sprung out of bed this morning and examined myself in the full-length bedroom mirror , and I can honestly say that there 's never a day when I would rather be someone else . The woman looking back at me ? She 's gorgeous , intelligent and fabulous ! Quite simply , I adore who I am -- inside and out . I 'm no narcissist -- I 'm perfectly aware I have flaws , but they 're deliciously wrapped up in the very unique moi . I 've grown to love my nose that tilts ever so slightly to the right , my hourglass figure that boasts slightly-too-large hips , and my green-sometimes-grey eyes . I 'm a size 10 , but even so I could do with dropping 10 lbs . But as long as I do n't mind , who cares ? Which is why I 'm utterly peeved about Dove 's latest campaign results . How humiliating to film women in a public place ` choosing ' to walk through a door marked either ` beautiful ' or ` average ' . Talk about putting the meeker sex on the spot . It 's hardly a big surprise the survey discovered 96 per cent of women chose the ` average ' option . From my experience , most women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that not only are they good-looking , but they 're also -LRB- whisper it -RRB- beautiful . Why is this ? Numerous university studies have been carried out -LRB- I know this because their authors send them to me -RRB- and they have all come up with the same conclusion -- it 's self-protection . If women do n't fit in with their -LRB- usually older , fatter , less attractive -RRB- female peers , then those who are good-looking wo n't get hired for jobs by the fairer sex ; their careers will stall if their boss is female and they 'll routinely receive their P45 for nothing more heinous than boasting a lovely smile . And this is what really exasperates me : it is n't society that wo n't let us admit that we 're beautiful -- it 's the very same members of our own sex who hold us back . Even though I 'm an un-Botoxed , un-surgically enhanced 44-year-old , I would have marched through the entrance marked beautiful without giving it a second thought . I 'm extremely comfortable in my skin . Haters : Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying ` I 'm beautiful ' This confidence annoys the heck out of other women . You might have read what I 've written about this problem , in an article published in April 2012 . It received almost 5,000 comments online and suddenly I was a global name . The earth turned on its axis as one woman - me - was up for admitting : ` I like how I look and other women have a problem with it . ' Since then I 've been ridiculed , received death threats , told I 'm off my rocker . Just last week I received yet another email from a woman titled ` please read me ' which went on at length to tell me I was ` an arrogant , cocky woman ' . Little wonder only four per cent of women were brave enough to walk through a door marked ` beautiful ' in the Dove campaign . Critical : Samantha claims Dove 's campaign works because it exploits our need to act modestly . My personal take on this experiment is devastatingly simple : we 'd rather fit in and humiliate ourselves by claiming to be average than give our fellow ` fairer ' sex any more ammunition than we 've got already against each other . My view is supported by the thousands of emails I 've received over the years from women routinely humiliated , bullied and singled out by their female peers for daring to think they look good . The emails depressingly cover the same ground wherever they live in the world . Whether they 're teenagers at school in the US , middle-aged mums in Australia or women in the workplace in the UK : if they rate themselves , display confidence , or dare to say they look good they get bullied or socially ostracised . A recent plea from a young women in how to deal with her critics was this : . ` I have just looked up your article , it 's my life in black and white . I tried dressing down , not wearing too much make up , unfashionable clothes and flat shoes . Reaching out : Samantha receives letters from teens who get bullied for being beautiful . ` I am confident and friendly , men open doors for me , they are polite . But some women are awful to me as a result of it . ` I am fed up with it , angry about it , annoyed with it . I feel like a complete nothing and nobody ; maybe that 's what I should be to be accepted . ' Another woman was banned by her mean-minded -LRB- older -RRB- female boss for wearing heels to work : they were a ` health hazard ' . What health and safety offense could she cause wearing stilettos while working as a receptionist ? The mind boggles . How awful that these women are treated this way . It 's little wonder so many of the fairer sex refuse to acknowledge that they are good-looking , which is ironic because so many do it in private -- behind the anonymity of social media . We know how to photograph ourselves well thanks to selfies and social media sites such as Instagram . We can iron out wrinkles , banish zits , magically award ourselves a thigh gap or hip dip . In the Dove campaign , women were asked to choose between a door marked ` beautiful ' or ` average ' Yet to admit to the world ` yeah , I look good ' means we risk incurring the wrath of other women . We have to be display modesty at all times - which is why Dove 's campaign works brilliantly . I 'm not some superior Type A female who does n't recognise that there are some who do n't feel happy about themselves . Yet such feelings of low self-esteem seem to go hand in hand with the desire to criticise and target others in order to restore an illusion of self worth . Any female trolls ousted usually blame their behaviour on a crisis of confidence . Ironically , they are the only ones who can help themselves - but picking on others is n't the way to go about it . In 2015 , we desperately need a seismic shift in female societal thinking so that women can say loud and proud that they 're beautiful - and not fear reprisals . Otherwise cynical advertising campaigns - in a bid to flog toiletries - will continue to exploit us just like this one has ` beautifully ' done .