Recently released dashcam footage from a Florida police car taken in September of 2013 shows an unarmed black man being shot four times after he was followed while he rode a bicycle . Dontrell Stephens did n't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office Deputy Adam Lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting . The only item Stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone . Dashcam footage from a Florida cop car taken in September of 2013 shows Dontrell Stephens being followed . Stephens -LRB- center -RRB- was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office Deputy Adam Lin and is now paralyzed . Deputy Lin fired his gun four times at Stephens even though the then-20-year-old had a cellphone , not a gun . In the video obtained by WPTV , Stephens can be seen pulling his bike over next to a house after he realized he was being followed . Stephens has a record for possessing cocaine . Stephens walked toward the deputy with his phone in his hand and was shot four times just seconds later . It looked like Stephens was running away from Lin when he was shot . After the shooting Deputy Lin said : ` He starts backing away . ' ` I said , ` Get on the ground , get on the ground . '' The shooting was ruled to be justified and Lin returned to work four days later . The clip of Stephens , who had previously been arrested for cocaine , was released as part of a lawsuit against the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office . The office has been involved in 114 shootings since 2000 . Lin 's internal affairs file contains ` numerous use of force reports , citizen complaints and incident reviews ' , according to the lawsuit . He started working for the PBSO in 2004 and served for ten months in Afghanistan beginning in 2007 . The attorney who filed suit on Stephens ' behalf , Jack Scarola , said there were issues with the statements given by Lin and the other deputy involved in the shooting . Scarola said : ` There are no records of any commands ever made to Dontrell Stephens . ` The deputy 's recorded statements following the shooting were absolutely false . Internal affairs completely ignored that evidence . ' Video of the shooting was released as part of a lawsuit filed against the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office .