An 800 lb woman , whose weight spiraled out of control after she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage , finally stood up for the first time after years of being bound to her bed and taken care of by her three daughters . When viewers first met Marla McCants , from Nashville , Tennessee , on last night 's season finale of My 600 lb Life , doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying . And even after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up -- and , in doing so , save her life . Marla 's recovery seemed like a hopeless cause until it dawned on the mother-of-three that this was her last shot . If she did n't get up , she would spend the rest of her very short life bedridden . Scroll down for video . Life changing : Marla McCants , who weighed 800 lbs , can be seen standing for the first time in years on the season finale of My 600 lb Life . Catching her breath : The 43-year-old took a moment to rest after getting herself out of bed . Marla and her daughter Sierra moved to Houston , Texas , so she could she could work with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan , but following her surgery and a lengthy stay in the hospital , she was discharged because of her lack of cooperation . The surgeon had all but given up on Marla until he received an impassioned call from Sierra , begging him to come to her apartment and convince her mom to get up once and for all . Dr Nowzaradan made the house call and requested emergency medical technicians come to the apartment to help Marla stand for the first time in years . With the help of a walker , the EMTs and Dr Nowzaradan 's support , Marla was able to stand for a few seconds . And , although brief , this short moment gave her enough confidence to try and stand again , essentially changing the direction of her recovery for the better . Stuck : The mother-of-three relied on her daughters to take care of her . She can be seen rolling over , so her daughter Adele could bathe her while she laid in bed . Last stand : Adele tearfully explained she feared her mother would die if she did n't get help . Before she moved to Houston , Marla depended on her three daughters , Britney , Adele and Sierra , for everything . ` I have no life , ' she told the cameras . ` My legs ca n't even hold my weight anymore . ' Her children had no choice but to clean her and take care of her . ` I 'm 24 and I have to take care of my mom . I wipe her , bathe her , make sure she 's clean . And I do get tired , ' Adele explained with frustration . Marla noted that ` it 's embarrassing ' , but added she has no other choice because of her mother 's massive size . Because of her morbid obesity , Marla suffered from arthritis , gout , swelling in her joints and diabetes , in addition to being bed ridden and in constant pain . Junk food addict : Marla can be seen looking at the junk food Adele had brought for her to eat . Making dinner : Marla , who was unable to get out of bed , had a table brought to her so she could fry some chicken . She explained that she never had problems with her weight when she was a child , but her eating got out of control after she tried to break up with her boyfriend who ` lost it ' and proceeded to kidnap her , hold her at gunpoint and even shot two officers who tried to rescue her before she escaped . After the ordeal , Marla refused to leave her house because she was living in constant fear that he would find her and kill her . She soon turned to food for comfort , and by the time her ex-boyfriend was caught , it was too late . She already weighed 700 lbs . ` The kidnapping changed my life forever , and I wish I could take that day back , ' she said . But allowing herself to indulge in endless bad eating habits for years , Marla admitted that she was terrified that her daughters were going to find her dead in bed one day , so she made the decision to travel to Houston to seek Dr Nowzaradan 's help . Bad choices : She can be see frying the chicken in boiling vegetable oil at her bedside . Extra calories : After making her meal , Marla covered her fried chicken tenders in French dressing before eating them . Emotional eating : Marla explained that she turned to food for comfort after her ex-boyfriend kidnapped her and held her hostage when she was in her early 20s . Because she was unable to get out of bed , she had to call an ambulance to transport her to her daughter 's car where she sat for the entire 13 hour drive . And the trip almost killed her . A blood clot that had formed in her leg after years of not moving dislodged during the trip and traveled to her lung . By the time she got to the hospital in Houston , her health was rapidly declining . ` She is in the worst condition health wise that I have ever seen , ' Dr Nowzaradan said , noting that she should have never traveled to Houston at her size . In pain : Marla was filled with pain after a blood clot dislodged in her leg and traveled to her lung during her trip to Houston , Texas to see Dr Nowzaradan . Heavy lifting : A group of hospital members worked together to life Marla into bed . ` I am not -LSB- as -RSB- worried about weight loss surgery as -LSB- I am about -RSB- making sure she will survive the next 24 hours , ' he said . ` This is -LSB- a -RSB- very dangerous situation . She is at the end of her life if we ca n't do anything . ' After Dr Nowzaradan put a filter in her leg to prevent any more blood clots from forming , Marla recovered and was put on a 1,000-calories-per-day diet while she was living in the hospital . In an attempt to make painfully clear to Marla the extent of her condition , the doctor explained that when she was living in Nashville she was ` months or even weeks from death ' . But despite the danger of developing another blood clot , Marla refused to try and stand or move her legs . Sierra , who gave up her life to move with her mom to Houston , scolded her for sending her physical therapists away , but Marla maintained that everyone was pushing her too hard . Preventative measures : Dr Nowzaradan can be seen putting a filter in Marla 's leg to prevent more blood clots from forming and traveling to her lungs . Second chance : As a last resort , he would later perform gastric bypass surgery on Marla in the hope of saving her life . ` You need to work on your attitude , ' Sierra told her with frustration . Dr Nowzaradan explained that ` Marla has convinced herself that she can not walk , but the reality is that she does n't want to walk ' . When Marla was pressured to try and stand , she started screaming in pain and begged to be pushed back on the bed . ` If Marla wo n't get up , we ca n't treat her , ' Dr Nowzaradan said . ` This is a life or death situation . She is going to die . ' Despite her massive size , Dr Nowzaradan opted to perform weight loss surgery a few months later because there was no other way to help her . New foods : Marla can be seen eating healthier options while she maintained a 1,000-calories-per-day diet during her hospital stay . Doctors orders : Marla 's daughter Sierra grew frustrated with her because she refused to try and get up . Not confident : Marla continued to make excuses for why she was unable to attempt to get out of bed . Following the gastric bypass , Marla was once again at risk of developing blood clots , but she continued to rely on a physical therapist to move her legs for her . A frustrated Dr Nowzaradan yelled at her for giving the hospital staff and her daughter ` attitude ' when they were trying to help her . Without her cooperation , he had no choice but to discharge her from the hospital . Because she was still unable to fend for herself , Marla decided to move in with Sierra in Houston , but insisted that she did n't need the help of her doctors in order to get better . ` I can make healthy choices on my own , ' she said . ` I can do this better . ' But Marla still was n't making any progress , especially when it came to working her muscles . ` You 've been sitting here for eight weeks ! ' Sierra yelled at her mom before making a desperate call to Dr Nowzaradan . Major victory : Marla can be seen standing on the scale for the first time in five years . All smiles : Marla was happy to learn that lost an estimated 266 lbs since she started her journey a year ago . It was his visit and support that changed Marla 's life . ` Getting up and standing was one of the most encouraging things I 've done and now I do n't want to stop , ' Marla told the cameras after she lifted herself out of bed for the first time in years . A year after she started her journey , Marla was able to stand on a scale for the first time in five years , clocking in at 534 lbs . Her estimated weight loss was 266 lbs , and Marla noted that she was ` so proud ' of herself . ` It took me a while to get here , but now nothing is going to stop me , ' she said .