It is legendary now that when the Spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years , La Roja 's own fans did n't even know the water was hot . Because they left Spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins , over Peru and the USA , the booing , whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years was the last thing they heard before heading off to win Euro 2008 . Three trophies later , the senior team is finally in search of a reboot . The identity has been eroded by the passage of time . The transition from excellent to elderly is never fun . Spain lift the trophy at Euro 2008 , but their fans had booed them before , not recognising a great team . The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters . Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their World Cup failure . Spain 's Under 21s celebrate winning Euro 2013 and their brilliant young players are thriving right now . Nevertheless , the current Champions League quarter-finals are beginning to say something quite interesting about Spain 's ` relevo ' . If you do n't speak Spanish , that term might mean very little to you . But I bet you can intuit . ` Relevo ' in this context is like ` relief ' -- as in the armed forces term for the relief watch . Those who are sent in , fresh and ready , to relieve whichever servicemen or women who have born the brunt of service for the previous day or days . Xavi , Carles Puyol , Xabi Alonso , Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and it is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes , David Villa and Fernando Torres . The natural place to look for fresh , young , well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the Academy graduates . So let 's go there . What caught my attention is that Juan Bernat 's arrival to the Champions League quarter-final for Bayern Munich at Porto last Wednesday earned Valencia a seven-figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the full back 's move to Bavaria . In other words , Bernat was one of those guys , just turned 22 , that both Valencia and Bayern thought might be playing ` starting ' football at this elite stage of the world 's most demanding soccer tournament -- but , equally , he might not . The likes of Xavi -LRB- right -RRB- , Barcelona 's midfield metronome , have done their hard miles and can now hand over . it is not clear what toll battle has taken on striker Fernando Torres , who now plays for Atletico Madrid . This is the season when he 's broken into Vicente del Bosque 's senior team , scoring , and formed part of a quite remarkable chain of left backs at the Mestalla -- from Jordi Alba , European Champion with Spain in 2012 , now at Barcelona , through Bernat to Jose Luis Gaya , a remarkable talent who is currently locked in stalled contract talks at Valencia while Madrid stalk his availability . And if you just look a little more closely then the eight teams left to sort the wheat from the chaff this week show evidence that , beyond Bernat , Spain still have a golden harvest to bring in . For example , take a snapshot of the penultimate trophy Spain won -- not Euro 2012 but Under 21 Euro 2013 , beating Italy 4-2 . In that final they lined up : David de Gea ; Martin Montoya , Inigo Martinez , Marc Bartra , Alberto Moreno ; Koke , Thiago , Asier Illarramendi ; Cristian Tello , Álvaro Morata , Isco . Juan Bernat -LRB- right -RRB- played in the Champions League and is the latest in a string of thriving Spaniards . David de Gea -LRB- right -RRB- has been in fine form for Manchester United and is a real goalkeeping talent for Spain . Of Spain U21 's starting line-up at the 2013 Euros , only De Gea has n't played UEFA football this season . Of that starting line-up only De Gea has n't played UEFA football this season , eight of them are still in the Champions League quarter-finals while two of the substitutes , Nacho and Dani Carvajal have decent minutes in the competition . Throw in the fact that Spain 's winning Under 21s coach was Julen Lopetegui , 3-1 up on Pep Guardiola 's Bayern going into the second leg this week , and the progression from youth-level international football to full-fledged senior winner is going along very nicely . The eight starters and two substitutes from that 4-2 win are all now in the age range of 23 to just having turned 25 . Between them they have 184 appearances in UEFA club matches -- the vast majority of which are in the Champions League . Koke has played in the Final , Isco , Morata , Carvajal , Nacho and Illarramendi have won it , while Bartra and Thiago have played in a winning campaign . And it is important to throw in the fact that in last week 's quarters , 20-year-old Oliver Torres -LRB- 13 UEFA club matches -RRB- stood out against Bayern for Porto -LRB- he belongs to Atlético -RRB- , while on the bench for the Madrid derby were fellow 20-year-olds Jese and Saul Nguez , who have 18 UEFA appearances between them . Spanish fans did n't quite know the great team they were getting in 2008 , they could have another one now . Alvaro Morata -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with team-mates after scoring against Germany at Euro 2013 in Israel . Whether they flower for club and country or bloom early but fail to excel like recent Spanish generations have proven to do , the fact remains that there is a wave of fresh , exciting Spanish talents who demand attention now . This week in fact . Lopetegui , whose result probably constitutes one of the performances of the season , has a firm view . ` I do n't think there 's strictly a `` Spanish school '' of coaching or playing , ' he argued earlier this season . ` There 's just `` training '' and `` playing '' . So what I ' ve always looked for are kids who know how to understand the game . I think it 's a common misconception that players completely understand football and how it 's played . Former Under 21 coach Julen Lopetegui has managed Porto to one of the results of the season in midweek . ` Understanding precisely what 's going on in a game is not at all easy . ` The key is knowing what to do with the ball so that you do n't lose possession and get caught disorganised . Never gift away space to an opponent . ` When you control the ball and space on the pitch , then you must know how to take advantage . But the line is thin , you want to make the players effective and efficient but never to kill off their creativity and capacity for invention . '