A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has cited the Abbott government 's ` troubled relations ' with the Muslim community as undermining efforts at countering violent extremism . The Lowy Institute report , released on Thursday , says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a ` serious national security threat ' but that the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response . The new report comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama . The Australian was reportedly killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State . Scroll down for video . A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government 's troubled relations with the Muslim community for worsening the situation . Melbourne ` sSharky Jama was reportedly shot dead in Syria after joining Islamic State last year . Mohamed Elomar -LRB- above -RRB- is a boxer-turned-terrorist who fled Sydney to join the Islamic State in Syria . The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky 's death as its capacity to do so was ` extremely limited ' . A spokesman for the department told Daily Mail Australia consular assistance was no longer available within Syria ` due to the extremely dangerous security situation ' . He further added Australians who were involved in overseas conflicts were ` putting their own lives in mortal danger ' . ` Any Australians fighting with non-state militia in Syria or Iraq should end their involvement in the conflict now and leave the conflict zone , ' the spokesman said . ` Australians are strongly advised not to travel to Syria or Iraq ; any Australians in either country should leave immediately . ' Khaled Sharrouf 's fled to Syria from western Sydney . His 14-year-old daughter married Mohamed Elomar . Sharrouf posted a photo last year of his son holding up a severed head , causing international uproar . The new report outlines how returned fighters pose a serious threat to Australians . ` Returned foreign fighters have been involved in many of the most serious jihadist plots in the West , including in Australia , ' the report says . ` Returnees from Syria have already engaged in terrorist plots in Europe , and the large number of Australians involved with groups such as IS -LRB- Islamic State -RRB- and Jabhat al-Nusra raises well-founded fears of an increased threat at home . ' While much of the responsibility in dealing with the threat will lie with the police and intelligence services , the report says , it adds that programs aimed at countering violent extremism -LRB- CVE -RRB- need to be a core element of the response . The report says ` questions remain ' as to how any new CVE approach will be implemented by the government , and that ` troubled relations with Australia 's Muslim communities mean that its efforts to counter violent extremism are not off to the strongest of starts ' . Propaganda prop : Abdullah Elmir , 17 , from western Sydney , featured in a high-definition Islamic State broadcast earlier this year . Australian Mahmoud Adullatif , who is known as the ` Playboy Jihadi ' , died recently while fighting for IS . Melbourne woman Zehra Duman -LRB- pictured above -RRB- was married to Abdullatif and has threatened Australia . A successful CVE approach should draw on the talent that already exists within relevant communities , the report said , but that ` community co-operation has been undermined ' by a lack of information about changes to the government 's approach , including funding of grant schemes . ` Moreover , the poor consultation by the government with the Muslim community on much of Australia 's new counter-terrorism legislation as well as the Prime Minister 's -LRB- Tony Abbott -RRB- claim that Muslim leaders are not doing enough to speak out against radical ideas have undermined the prospects for effective co-operation . ' The report said the Abbott government 's introduction of number of CVE programs , such as $ 13.4 million Living Safe Together initiative , had been welcomed but that there were also valuable lessons to be learned from European countries , which had more experience in addressing the current foreign fighter threat . The wife of Australian terrorist Suhan Rahman -LRB- above -RRB- also urged people to look up U.S. president Barack Obama 's White House schedule and ` take down that treacherous tyrant '