Common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could undo the damage of multiple sclerosis , scientists claim . The surprise discovery could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the devastating auto-immune disease , which affects around 2.5 million worldwide . Scientists found that the anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- . In laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease . Common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could cure multiple sclerosis , scientists claim . Dr Robert Miller , of the US team from Case Western Reserve University who carried out the study , said the results marked a significant breakthrough . He said : ` It was a striking reversal of disease severity in the mice . ` The drugs that we identified are able to enhance the regenerative capacity of stem cells in the adult nervous system . ` This truly represents a paradigm shift in how we think about restoring function to multiple sclerosis patients . ' Miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat athlete 's foot , while clobetasol cream is commonly prescribed to treat eczema . Although both drugs are widely used , a way must be found to use them safely as internal human treatments rather than creams or ointments before clinical trials can be considered . The researchers are confident this problem can be solved , but have warned patients not to jump the gun by using the drugs prematurely . Lead scientist Professor Paul Tesar , from Case Western Reserve School of Medicine , said : ` We appreciate that some patients or their families feel they can not wait for the development of specific approved medications , but off-label use of the current forms of these drugs is more likely to increase other health concerns than alleviate multiple sclerosis symptoms . ` We are working tirelessly to ready a safe and effective drug for clinical use . ' MS is a condition of the central nervous system , where the coating around nerve fibres -LRB- called myelin -RRB- is damaged , causing a range of symptoms . The specific symptoms that appear depend upon which part of the central nervous system is affected and the job of the damaged nerve . People with MS might suffer fatigue , vision problems and difficulties with walking , but the condition is different for everyone . Symptoms can come and go and can vary greatly in terms of severity . There may be periods of relapse of varying length and severity . At present , there is no cure for MS but the symptoms can be treated . It is usually diagnosed in people aged 20 to 40 , and it affects almost three times as many women as men . Worldwide , it is estimated that more than 2.5 million people have MS. Source : Multiple Sclerosis Trust . MS occurs when the immune system attacks myelin , thereby disrupting the passage of nerve signals . As the disease progresses , it produces symptoms ranging from mild numbness or tingling to full blown paralysis . Occasionally , it can prove fatal . Although current treatments can slow progression of MS and reduce its symptoms , the disease remains incurable . One new approach is to focus on special stem cells called oligodendrocyte progenitor cells -LRB- OPCs -RRB- that mature into myelin-producing cells . While other scientists have looked at ways of replacing lost stem cells using transplantation techniques , the Case Western team set out to find a way of stimulating existing , but inactive , OPCs . After screening 727 potential drug candidates , they identified two - miconazole and clobetasol - that coaxed the OPCs to form oligodendrocytes and repair nerve fibres stripped of myelin . ` We know that there are stem cells throughout the adult nervous system that are capable of repairing the damage caused by multiple sclerosis , but until now , we had no way to direct them to act , ' said Prof Tesar . ` Our approach was to find drugs that could catalyse the body 's own stem cells to replace the cells lost in multiple sclerosis . ' As well as testing the drugs on mice affected by MS , the scientists also observed their effect on human OPCs in the laboratory . The response was similar to that seen in mouse cells , with miconazole exerting the most potent effect . Co-author Dr Fadi Najm , also from Case Western Reserve University , said : ` We have pioneered technologies that enable us to generate both mouse and human OPCs in our laboratory . ` This uniquely positioned us to test if these drugs could also stimulate human OPCs to generate new myelinating cells . ' Scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to new therapies for MS , which affects around 2.5 million worldwide . The drugs also hold out the promise of treatments for other diseases that involve myelin loss or dysfunction , including cerebral palsy , age-related dementia , optic neuritis and schizophrenia , the scientists believe . British immunology expert Professor Daniel Altmann , from Imperial College London , said : ` This study offers the highly attractive possibility of re-targeting existing , safe , drugs for the purpose of promoting therapeutic remyelination . ` The data appear to suggest that the drugs can to some extent limit disability in experimental models of MS , though there is clearly much more to be optimised in this area , not least as the models tried thus far do not really look at effects on chronic demyelination . ` However , particularly for patients with progressive MS - where it can be difficult to know how to impact the ongoing deterioration , these approaches offer the great advantage that these are tried , tested and safe drugs passed for use in humans . ` Some caution is clearly warranted , however , when one considers the long haul from benefits in tissue culture models of myelination to a complex and diverse human disease such as MS. ' The findings were published in the journal Nature .