It looks like your typical outback fibro home , tin roof and all , but this property which is currently for sale is now at the centre of one of Australia 's most chilling murder mysteries . For days now , detectives have swarmed over three bedroom Leeton home where Stephanie Scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , lived with his mother Anika and elder brother Luke . In a rare scene of frantic activity on this peaceful suburban street , home to families and pensioners , investigators clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on Thursday evening . Detectives had first arrived at the property on Wednesday night speaking to two occupants before Mr Stanford arrived home and charged after investigators discovered discrepancies in his alibi . Police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner 's Toyota Hilux , a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott inside the property itself . Neighbours told Daily Mail Australia the Stanford family have lived at the property , which is on the market for $ 179,000 , for ` around 13 months ' . Gail Scanlan , who lives next-door , said they would regularly chat to the ` beautifully manner ' but quiet Mr Stanford over the backyard fence . Scroll down for video . This Leeton property looks like your typical outback home , tin roof and all , and now this property is now at the centre of the Stephanie Scott murder investigation . The back door of the Stanford family home was left permanently ajar as investigators swarmed the property in a quiet Leeton street on Thursday . Investigators lumped various items of interest next to a van in the fibro property 's backyard . Clad in blue Forensic Services overalls , detectives were pictured hauling large bags containing items of interest into a waiting police vehicle . One of the recycling bins out the back of the home was pictured toppled over as police swarmed the property on Thursday evening . On Monday evening - the night after the alleged murder - neighbours said Stanford told them he had waved and said he had been ` busy ' as he hung out his washing on their Hills Hoist , Fairfax Media reported . Daily Mail Australia understands the family have been renting the property , which was constructed in 1960 . An advertisement published on the Domain property website touted the positive features of purchasing the three-bedroom home , targeted at potential buyers looking to escape the rental market . ` Why burn your money ? Rent money is dead money & for just a small deposit & repayments close to your monthly rent we can move you into this Maiden Avenue home without a fuss . ` Boasting three bedrooms , separate lounge , dining & TV room plus evaporative air conditioning & two wood heaters this home is sure to please . Inspection anytime . ' Inside the property : The Stanford home 's laundry shows signs of wear-and-tear , with uneven tiling and white painted walls featuring signs of dirt and wear-and-tear . Privacy and warmth : The family home allows privacy for its occupants , with flowing red drapes and two wood heaters for families to enjoy . Much of the property , built in 1960 , features wooden floorboards . A second family room features yet another wood burner . This autumn , temperatures have already reached lows of 10 degrees Celsius during the cold nights in recent days . Large trees out the front of the home provide shade for officers as they continue to raid the property . ` This home is sure to please ' : This is the property where police arrested Vincent Stanford on Wednesday night , accused of the murder of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott . One of the family bedrooms features full-length mirror wardrobe and a window for occupants to gaze outside . The modest property shows signs of age and wear-and-tear . White paint appears chipped and dirty on the walls of the laundry , where the Stanford family does their washing in two large stainless steel basin . Like many properties in the street , large trees cast shade on the front patio and long , flowing curtains provide a bit of privacy from passers-by . The family room features long red flowing curtains to keep the sun out . A large fireplace is the most prominent feature of the TV room , with the floor covered in drab gray carpeting lining up to wooden floorboards in the property 's kitchen . An aged lime-green counter sits atop wooden cupboards and a simple stove where the Stanford family would whip up breakfast and dinner . The backyard is spacious and stretches back to a long , tin fence , over which the Stanfords often make small-talk with their neighbours and relax in the sunshine . One of their bins was pictured toppled over on Thursday , as police continued their investigations behind a thick white-and-blue line of police tape . On Friday morning , media watched as police stationed in two paddy-wagons kept an eye on the property . An aged lime-green counter sits atop wooden cupboards and a simple stove where the Stanford family would whip up breakfast and dinner . Vincent Stanford a . The home , built in 1960 , shows some signs of wear and tear , including flaky white paint . Blue tiles on the floor with a small window for air , this is the bathroom of the Stanford family property . Washing site : Mr Stanford told neighbours over his fence he had been ` busy ' as he hung out his clothes on his Hills Hoist . Search : Police and State Emergency Service volunteers are scouring irrigation channels near Leeton for Stephanie Scott 's body . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .