The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are so desperate to rid themselves of Major League Baseball star Josh Hamilton that they might decide to pay almost $ 70million for him to play for another team . Hamilton , who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February , is going to be sent back to his former team , the Texas Rangers , according to reports . He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4 , about the same time he filed for divorce from Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie Hamilton . Scroll down for video . The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas . Josh Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , Katie , in late February after they celebrated ten years together . The 33-year-old -LRB- pictured -RRB- was an All Star during a five-year span with the Texas Rangers from 2008 until 2012 . The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on the five-year $ 125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012 . In order for the Angels to rid themselves of Hamiton , they would have to agree to pay out the bulk of the cash remaining on his contract , according to MLB.com . The Rangers are only willing to pay around $ 15million to Hamilton and do not want to give up any players in a trade with Los Angeles , Sports Illustrated reported . The Angels would effectively be paying $ 68million for Hamilton to play in Texas . Yahoo MLB columnist Jeff Passan said on Twitter : ` Angels wanted Josh Hamilton gone and are paying ~ $ 65M to make it happen . ` Rangers get a $ 15M lottery ticket that could be worth much more . ' Details of the trade and/or buyout are still being negotiated but an announcement is expected in the next few days unless things fall apart . Hamilton is no longer allowed to see any of his daugthers without supervision , according to court records . If it goes through , the Rangers will happily welcome Hamilton back . Shortstop Elvis Andrus said : ` He is a player who can help everybody . The deal could stall , but Hamilton is likely going back to Texas . He won MVP there in 2010 . ` He is a guy that we know . When he is at his best , we know what he can do . ` It 's not the first time something happened with him outside the field . ` We all did a great job here having his back and supporting him . ` As long as he shows up and plays hard , I will always have his back . ' Hamilton had been spending the offseason in Houston recovering from surgery to repair the AC joint in his right shoulder when reports began to surface about his drug relapse . He is still rehabbing from the procedure and could return in May . During his time with Texas , Hamilton hit .305 with 142 home runs , 506 RBIs and a .549 slugging percentage . The Rangers are willing to pay around $ 15million to Hamilton and wo n't give up any players to Los Angeles . Hamilton filed for divorce from wife Katie in February , around the same time he self-reported a cocaine and alcohol relapse . They married in 2004 and have three daughters together , but court documents show Hamilton is not allowed to see them without supervision . Katie , who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer , has a daughter from a previous relationship . The divorce petition only cited ` conflict ' as the reason for the split . The veteran outfielder was suspended for three seasons between 2003-05 for well-documented issues with substance abuse and undergoes regular drug testing as a condition of his reinstatement into baseball in 2005 . The slugger beat his early addiction problems and became one of the game 's most feared hitters over a five-year span with the Texas Rangers from 2008-12 . Hamilton was named an American League All-Star in each of those seasons and captured the AL MVP award in 2010 . MLB officials thought Hamilton violated his treatment with the relapse , but the players ' association disagreed . The Hamiltons , pictured last year , have not listed the reasons behind their divorce , citing only ` conflict ' MLB officials thought Hamilton violated his treatment program with the recent relapse , but the players ' association disagreed . After league and union representatives were unable to reach an agreement in the case , an arbitrator was called in . The arbitrator said Hamilton did not violate terms of the agreement , although the reasoning behind the decision was not divulged . Major League Baseball released a statement saying it disagreed with the arbitrator 's decision . When the decision was announced , Angels general manager Jerry DiPoto said : ` The Angels have serious concerns about Josh 's conduct , health and behavior and we are disappointed that he has broken an important commitment which he made to himself , his family , his teammates and our fans , ' ` We are going to do everything possible to assure he receives proper help for himself and for the well-being of his family . ' Plagued by injuries last season , Hamilton had only 381 at-bats and posted ten home runs , 44 runs batted in and a .263 batting average . He has a career batting average of .292 , has hit as many as 43 home runs in a season -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and in 2008 drove in a league-leading 130 runs . During his time with the Rangers , Hamilton batted .305 with 142 home runs , 506 RBIs and a .549 slugging percentag .