Manchester City 's captain Vincent Kompany , manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance to watch the club 's Under 18s side fall to a 3-1 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final final first-leg . Big-spending City , who have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars over the last few transfer windows , are often criticised for the lack of young players to come through their academy ranks . So , it was reassuring to see Kompany and Pellegrini at the game on Monday night , even if was to witness a loss . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany -LRB- right -RRB- watches the club 's Under 18s side take on Chelsea . Sadly , Kompany witnesses a 3-1 defeat as Chelsea take a strong lead in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg . City manager Manuel Pellegrini -LRB- third from right -RRB- also attends the Academy Stadium on Monday night . Pellegrini watches on as City 's youngsters fall to a 3-1 defeat in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg on Monday . City 's head of youth development and former midfielder Patrick Vieira also attends the game on Monday . In-form forward Tammy Abraham fired Chelsea ahead in the seventh minute with a stunning volley , but that lead did n't last long with City responding through Isaac Buckley 's slick low finish inside the box two minutes later . But Abraham restored the visitors ' lead before half-time , hooking the ball into the net with an improvised and acrobatic finish at close-range from a corner - his 36th goal this term . Dominic Solanke then sealed the win for Chelsea two minutes from time , latching onto a Charly Musonda through ball and slotting coolly past the keeper . It remains to be seen how many of either of these sides ' young stars will progress on to their respective first-teams . Chelsea 's first-team are currently top of the Premier League table , while Manchester City 's are fourth . Chelsea 's Jake Clarke Salter -LRB- left -RRB- slides to block a shot from Manchester City 's Manuel Garcia -LRB- right -RRB- . Chelsea forward Dominic Solanke -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates after scoring his side 's third goal against Chelsea . Chelsea 's Tammy Abraham -LRB- right -RRB- tussles for possession with City 's Garcia -LRB- left -RRB- on Monday night . Chelsea 's Issiah Brown -LRB- right -RRB- shields the ball away from the challenge of the oncoming Pablo Matteo -LRB- left -RRB- .