In its turbulent 800 year history , Hay Castle has been besieged , set ablaze and become a frequent target for marauding Welsh rebels . But now the medieval stronghold that has already endured so much is at risk of falling to a new army of invaders ... which each measure less than half an inch long . An infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the imposing castle , which towers above the town of Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border , at peril . Threat : Hay Castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames . A £ 5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers , with structural engineers and historical building specialists hoping to repair the damage . The Hay Castle Trust , which is co-ordinating the renovation plans , has already received £ 500,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund and will claim a further £ 4.9 m once they have raised £ 1.5 m from independent sources . Tests have shown the wood-boring beetles are active in the castle 's timbers . The damage is caused by their larvae , which burrow inside the wood , weakening them as they go . The adult beetles live for only a few weeks , but the larvae stage of their life cycle can last for up to 13 years . Hay Castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful Norman Lord William de Braose and has been added to through the ages . Historic : But the 800-year-old mansion needs a major overhaul to eliminate the threat posed by the beetles . Project : Hay Castle has launched a fundraising drive to ensure its future in the fact of the insect threat . It was sacked by Llewelyn II , the last prince of Wales , in 1233 , and rebuilt by Henry III . It was damaged by fire during the rebellion of Welsh chieftain Owain Glyndwr in 1401 and sacked again in 1460 . The remains of the castle include a four-storey Norman keep and gateway , a Jacobean mansion was built alongside the tower in 1660 , and Victorian terraced gardens . The rescue plan also includes tackling the rambling ivy which is further putting parts of it at risk of collapse after damaging the stonework . Juliet Aston , from historic building specialists Rick Mather Architects , said : ` The most vulnerable part of the building is the derelict part of the mansion which has n't had a roof since 1939 . ` It 's hanging on by hook and by crook . Ivy is holding it together but destroying it at the same time . The walls are flapping about and are not stable . Invader : Deathwatch beetles like this one are living in the timber of the medieval building . ` When the restoration project is finished it 's hoped it will be possible for visitors to stroll around the castle walls and enjoy a bird 's eye view from the top . ' The walls of the keep , are however , said to remain solid . The plans to restore the castle to its former glory include new driveways , cafe , restaurant , library , a study area and exhibition and display areas . Deathwatch beetles get their name from tapping or ticking sound often heard in the rafters of old buildings . The adult beetles make the noise to attract mates . It is said to be associated with the vigil kept beside dying people . The adult beetles measure 7 mm long , and the larvae 11 mm . The castle was since the 1960s owned by Richard Booth , the bookseller whose antics turned Hay on Wye in a ` town of books ' and venue for a famous literary festival , until it was purchased in 2011 by the Hay Castle Trust .