Edmund Echukwu collapsed in a swimming pool and died at a 007-themed sex party last Friday . The man who died in a swimming pool at a swingers ' party in an upmarket village has been named as a father-of-three . Edmund Echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party at a £ 3million mansion in Radlett , Hertfordshire last Friday night . Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called . It is believed Mr Echukwu is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers ' party at the eight-bedroom house . Mr Echukwu 's neighbour in Edgware , Margaret Brown , paid tribute to him today . Mrs Brown , 67 , said : ` I 'm devastated . He was such a sweet guy . I remember I used to talk to him a lot of the time . ` He kept himself to himself , but he used to talk to me and was very friendly . I think he was going through a difficult time . ` He was just such a gentle person . - I ca n't believe this has happened . Sometimes he would help me look after my disabled husband . ' Mrs Brown said she believed Mr Echukwu was a care worker . She said she knew he had two sons from a previous relationship , but did n't see them very often . She added : ` He was a good-looking guy , and he always looked really slick . ' Mr Echukwu had told others at the party he had three children , but there was no suggestion he was married , it was reported this morning . A 35-year-old man , named today as Edmund Echukwu , died during a sex party at this house in Hertfordshire . Witnesses said Mr Echukwu was in the water with a woman when he started getting into difficulties . He wrote about his love of football and described himself as an ` evil genius ' on Twitter , according to The Sun newspaper . A post mortem examination is due to be held today , after which a coroner will open an inquest into his death . The party was one of the regular swingers ' events put on by retired management consultant Richard Stanley , 66 , and his partner Janet Harrison , 58 . Mr Stanley said : ` I heard a shout and ran over . I dived in fully clothed , pausing only to take my iPhone out of my pocket . He was enormously heavy . ` Three of the guys pulled him out , with me pushing him from behind . They put him straight into the CPR position and tried to revive him . One of the guests was a qualified nurse . ' The death happened at a swingers party run by Richard Stanley and Janet Harrison , pictured in a Channel 4 documentary . Mr Stanley said the death may have been caused by a heart attack . The mansion 's owners say the pool complies with all health and safety rules and has been inspected . Mr Stanley added : ` I got straight on to 999 . The call operator gave very clear instructions , which I shouted to the team performing CPR . We kept doing that until the ambulance arrived . ` Then the police turned up -- there were about a dozen officers in total by the end of the night . After interviewing various people , the inspector said to me , ` this is a non-suspicious death ' . It may well be that he had a heart attack . ' He said guests brought their own alcohol to the parties and Mr Echukwu had ` severely dented a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ' . A woman who was in the pool with Mr Echukwu was left distraught by what happened , witnesses said . The event on Friday night featured 007 references including a roulette wheel , a woman covered in gold paint inspired by Goldfinger and chocolate replicas of the weapon from The Man With The Golden Gun . The property features a converted attic which Mr Stanley calls the ` dungeon in the sky '