Dawn Bainbridge -LRB- pictured -RRB- led a ` family business ' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores before selling them on . A mother-of-two branded ` Fagin ' made almost £ 50,000 in a lucrative family shoplifting firm with her daughters - and now they have been told to pay back just £ 1 each . Dawn Bainbridge , 47 , of West Rainton , County Durham , led a ` family business ' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the North and sell them online through Facebook . Their company ` Designer Goods North East ' took more than £ 7,000 in online payments in just four months , had detailed sales records and even a debters ' book . In a note seized by police , one daughter boasted of making £ 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone . At Newcastle Crown Court last year Judge Sean Morris jailed Bainbridge for 30 months , her daughter Claire Bainbridge , 21 , for 20 months and other daughter Caitlyn Bainbridge , 19 , to 16 months behind bars . The mother , who is still serving her sentence , and two daughters , who have since been released , were back in court today for a hearing under the Proceeds of Crime Act . Prosecutor Bridie Smurthwaite told the court the mother made £ 15,017 , Claire made £ 26,180 and Caitlyn made £ 7,476 from their illegal enterprise . The court heard none of the women have any assets that can be seized or sold so they were ordered to pay back just £ 1 each . Miss Smurthwaite told the court : ` There are confiscation orders in the sum of £ 1 , that sum to be paid within 28 days . ' The mother was allowed 56 days to pay back her £ 1 as she is the only one still in custody . The women face up to seven days behind bars if they fail to pay the £ 1 each on time . Claire Bainbridge , 21 , -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and sister Caitlyn Bainbridge , 19 , -LRB- right -RRB- were both ordered to pay £ 1 each . During sentencing last year the judge slammed Bainbridge 's parenting . The judge told the women : ` This was a professional , criminal family firm . ` Thousands and thousands of pounds worth of goods were taken in professional , planned shoplifting expeditions and professionally marketed by you on your own Paypal account and with money being withdrawn to distribute amongst the directors of the firm . ` People seem to think shoplifting does n't matter . Well it does . ` The outlay shops have to provide : security machines , security guards , cameras ; all because people like you ca n't keep their grubby hands off other people 's property . ` The vast majority of this country , many of whom are in far worse situations than you , hold their heads up high and live honest lives . ` You obviously regard yourself as far too clever to be like them . ' The judge told Dawn Bainbridge as he jailed her : ` You now have time to think about the effects of your offences on your family . You were the mother and leader of the criminal firm . At Newcastle Crown Court last year Judge Sean Morris jailed Dawn Bainbridge , 47 , for 30 months , daughter Claire Bainbridge , 21 , for 20 months and Caitlyn Bainbridge , 19 , to 16 months behind bars . ` You are the villain of the piece . It 's your fault your daughters are in court . Some mother . ' Jamie Adams , defending Caitlyn , said at the sentencing hearing : ` The whole scenario is reminiscent of something Dickens would write about . ` Fagin comes to mind in the form of her mother . ' The family stole from stores in Leeds , Bradford , Guiseley , York , Knaresborough , Harrogate , Stockton , Bishop Auckland , Durham , Gateshead and Edinburgh . Their operation was uncovered by an investigator for high street chain Next , who bought clothes from the Facebook page and proved they were stolen . When police raided the family home last March , they recovered goods stolen from Next , House of Fraser , Marks and Spencer and elsewhere worth nearly £ 7,000 . But still the thieving continued . Police seized a further £ 900-worth of stolen goods in June 2014 . All three admitted conspiracy to steal at the time .