A SkyWest Airlines pilot plunged a plane carrying 75 passengers into a terrifying dive on Wednesday after a reported , potentially catastrophic loss of cabin pressure in mid-air . Frightened passengers held their heads and prayed as Flight 5622 , operating as a United Express , dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo , New York . The situation arose about an hour after take-off , when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick . When the plane landed , SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed ` out of an abundance of caution ' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction - which conflicted with reports from people on the plane . Late on Wednesday , the airline said new information from medical personnel confirmed that ` a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight ' . Scroll down for video . Emergency responders came onboard SkyWest Flight 5622 after it made an emergency landing in Buffalo , New York , on Wednesday following a reported loss of cabin pressure . Mary Cunningham , a nurse , who was on board the flight assisted one passenger who passed out , getting her oxygen . She said that the plane did not land because of just one person 's medical emergency as a lot of people on board began to feel dizzy and unwell . Passenger Frank Angelo said he immediately feared for the safety of his wife and kids as the plane ` nosedived ' 30,000 feet in just eight minutes . ` You could feel something in the air , something just was n't right , ' recalled one passenger before the plane plunged miles in mere minutes . Passenger Larry Johnson , right , said : ` A lot of people with their heads down praying . It just felt like a re-enactment ' Emergency nurse , Mary Cunningham , said she helped treat an unconscious passenger when another passed out beside her and others nearby started feeling faint . ` The flight attendant and myself started not feeling very well while we were in the middle of the flight helping out . I had to sit down . I was short-of-breath , light-headed -LSB- and -RSB- did n't feel great , ' said Cunningham to NBC Connecticut . Initially , reports came in that a cabin door had opened during the flight , leading to dramatic loss in cabin pressure . When the plane landed at 11.40 am , the FAA issued a statement saying the crew ` reported a pressurization problem and declared an emergency ' , shortly before landing in Buffalo . However , in a second statement the FAA put out on Wednesday afternoon , there was no mention of a ` pressurization ' issue . When contacted by the LA Times to explain this , a spokesperson for the FAA would not say why the change was made . However , an official with knowledge of the incident told the LA Times that crew members did report that a door had come open at 38,000 feet and was causing ` rapid depressurization . ' On landing this was declared untrue and SkyWest airlines said they were examining what happened on the aircraft midflight . SkyWest spokeswoman Marissa Snow said : ` There were no reports before the unconscious passenger prior to the initiated descent , but I ca n't speak to what may have been the specific cause of their feeling ill . ' SkyWest added that there was no indication of any problems with the doors and that its mechanics were inspecting the aircraft . Nose dive : Emergency vehicles surround a SkyWest Airlines plane , operating as United Express , that made an emergency landing at Buffalo Niagara International Airport on Wednesday . Flight 5622 , from Chicago to Hartford , made an emergency landing in Buffalo . Passenger , Dave Barkley , 46 , told the LA Times that he was sat near the front of the aircraft and he saw a flight attendant race to the cockpit and tell the pilot passengers were falling unconscious . Suddenly , the pilot announced the plane was going to begin an emergency landing over Detroit . ` They said there was a pressure problem with the plane , ' he said . ` There was no door flying open or anything like that . It was something very gradual . ' Barkley said that while the passengers were calm , he was annoyed about with public statements the airline has made . ` The way SkyWest is reporting it is that someone got sick , and they had to land , ' he told the LA Times . ` But the way we understand it , they got sick because of the lack of oxygen or lack of pressure in the plane . ' A nurse flying on the Embraer 175 twin-jet described a growing sense of panic and hysteria as she herself began to feel ill while treating two women who had passed out . It was at that moment the pilot took decisive action and put the plane into a steep dive rather than take any risks . ` The passenger was lethargic . She was responding but her color was off . She did n't look good . We got her some oxygen . She was much more alert after getting the oxygen , ' the nurse , Mary Cunningham , tells NBC Connecticut . Cunningham says she returned to her seat once the woman felt better . It was then when she says the woman sitting behind the first passed out , as well . Then Cunningham , herself , took a turn . Passengers arriving at Buffalo Niagara International Airport react to the group of media gathered to report on a SkyWest Airlines plane that made an emergency landing after one passenger aboard Flight 5622 lost consciousness and the pilots rapidly descended ` out of an abundance of caution . ' Courtesy WKBW . ` The flight attendant and myself started not feeling very well while we were in the middle of the flight helping out . I had to sit down . I was short-of-breath , light-headed -LSB- and -RSB- did n't feel great . ' Passenger Larry Johnson said , ` A lot of people with their heads down praying . It just felt like a re-enactment . ' While another passenger said , ` you could just feel something in the air , something just was n't quite right . ' For nearly eight minutes , the plane descended at a very steep incline , dropping as fast as 7,000 feet per minute , while flying over Lake Erie , flight tracking service FlightAware said . The flight originated in Chicago and had been bound for Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks , Connecticut . It landed at Buffalo Niagara International Airport in Buffalo at about 11:40 a.m. SkyWest Inc. , which is based in St. George , Utah , said the jet landed safely and a passenger received medical attention before being released . An additional 15 adults and two children were evaluated upon landing , but none required treatment outside the airport , airport spokesman C. Douglas Hartmayer said . ` Anyone who said they did n't feel well was treated at the gate , ' he said . ` We want to understand the circumstances and what SkyWest knows before we decide what , if any , action we would take , ' said Kelly Nantel , spokeswoman for the National Transportation Safety Board . Snow said the plane 's oxygen masks did not release . According to WKBW , one passenger said the plane ` nosedived ' and crew told fliers that there was a loss of cabin pressure , but that turned out not to be true . SkyWest has 29 Embraer 175s in its fleet . The aircraft seats 76 passengers with two flight attendants . In a statement , the FAA said : ` SkyWest Airlines Flight 5622 , an Embraer E170 aircraft , landed safely at Buffalo International Airport at 11.40 am after the crew declared an emergency . ` The FAA will investigate . ' The Skywest flight made an emergency landing at Buffalo Airport -LRB- pictured -RRB- on its journey from Chicago O'Hare to Bradley International Airport in Connecticut .