Mark Selby fell victim of the Crucible curse and a rookie Scot with pots of class as Anthony McGill pulled off a monumental Betfred World Championship shock . Qualifier McGill exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place , never appearing overawed by the match or the gradual position of control he developed over the course of Friday . This is McGill 's first World Championship and it had already been one to remember before he crossed cues with Selby , having beaten his fellow Glaswegian and sometime practice partner Stephen Maguire 10-9 in the opening round , finishing with a century . Anthony McGill celebrates beating Mark Selby during day seven of the Betfred World Championships . Sinking Selby made it even more special , and now the sky is the limit for the 24-year-old , who has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best . Former Crucible semi-finalist Alan McManus , a close friend and a steady hand on McGill 's shoulder , has tipped the former Junior Pot Black runner-up to take the trophy in Sheffield one day , and Ronnie O'Sullivan said there would be no worthier champion because of his dedication . In 2005 , Shaun Murphy came through qualifying and went on to lift the title . Tantalisingly Murphy could be next in line for McGill , a slender , shy man with a short ginger crop and a contagious giggle he often breaks into around the table . Selby , the Jester from Leicester , found little to laugh about during their contest . Like Murphy 10 years ago , McGill was a 150/1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began . McGill was the architect of Selby 's demise , but the famous curse , which has at the very least become a factor lodged in the back of every first-time champion 's mind , will be cited too . Selby -LRB- left -RRB- congratulates McGill on his victory during day seven of the Betfred World Championships . No maiden winner of the World Championship in Sheffield has returned a year later to retain the trophy , with Selby becoming the 16th man to falter , joining a list that includes greats of the game such as Steve Davis , Stephen Hendry and O'Sullivan . A steady opening session on Thursday had seen he and McGill reach 4-4 , but the Scot stretched 10-6 clear by lunch on Friday after firing breaks of 56 , 125 and 54 , and there was no flinching from the outsider when play resumed in the evening . They shared the opening two frames , before 87 from McGill took him 12-7 clear , inflicting a mortal blow to Selby 's prospects . McGill sets his sights on the white has he plays his way to victory against Selby at the Crucible . When Selby edged the next he at least had the thinking time the subsequent interval allowed , knowing he needed a further five frames without reply to extend his defence . He re-emerged with a break of 101 to make it 12-9 and keep McGill waiting . But not for long . After a safety battle , McGill potted a terrific red to the middle pocket and was away on a victory charge , firing in a brilliant 82 before Selby offered a warm handshake . McGill said : ` I 'm just ecstatic . To beat the world champion at the Crucible , I just ca n't believe it . ` No-one expected me to win . I was n't expecting myself to win , I was just hoping to put up a decent fight and try my best . Selby 's facial expressions say iy all as he crashes out of the World Championship at the Crucible . ` I knew if I gave everything my mind would have been at ease whatever the result . ` To beat Mark 13-9 is just a dream . I knew it was n't over even when it went 12-7 . He 's not world champion for nothing . ` Time and time again Mark Selby comes back at people , and better players than me . ` It seems like every time I win a game it 's the biggest win of my career . Fingers crossed it keeps happening . ' McGill will be careful not to let his mind drift beyond a last-eight clash with Murphy or Joe Perry , who begin their second-round clash on Sunday . Snooker player Selby in action against Anthony McGill during day seven of the Betfred World Championships . ` I 've knocked out the world champion , so you think whoever knocks him out could -LRB- win the title -RRB- - but I do n't know , ' McGill said . ` It 's going all right but I 'm not winning enough frames in one visit . There 's a few areas I need to brush up on before I start thinking about those things . ` I do n't think people will be fearing me . ` I 'm probably a good draw in the quarter-finals of the World Championship to be honest . I 'll just go out and try my best . ` Some players might let the attention get to their head but not me . ' McGill takes a shot on his way to victory against Selby at the Crucible in Sheffield .