Disturbing images of a 15-year-old girl who is said to have undergone major cosmetic surgery are being circulated on Chinese social media . The teenager from the Henan province in central China has been labelled ` too beautiful too look at ' . Going by the name Lee Hee Danae , she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a Chinese social media platform - which states her birthday is May , 1999 . Scroll down for video . The woman who claims to be just 15-years-old has drastically transformed her appearance . The teenager from the Henan province in central China appears to have had surgery on her jaw , chin and eyes . One of the comments about the underage girl has over 24,000 likes on Chinese internet portal Tencent , according to the Shangaiist . The girl reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend , according to Chinese website cbg.cn . Others have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced . She is also referred to as ` snake spirit ' , relating to a Chinese folk tale , because of her pale skin . However , plastic surgery - particularly operations such as double eyelid surgery and rhinoplasty - are increasingly popular in China . Many women undergo surgery to give the jawline a more narrow heart-shape and make their faces look more like the shape of a V , seen as a sign of beauty in China . She has gained over 400,000 fans on her Chinese social media account Weibo - a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook . In some photos she has bluey green eyes and in other images her eyes are dark brown . The most popular procedures give women wide eyes and narrow faces with pointed chins . To achieve this many women undergo facial contouring - a highly invasive procedure that involves changing the shape of the face by shaving off bone from the cheeks , jaw and chin . Others adopt for double jaw realignment surgery . Plastic surgery has become increasingly popular in China in recent years , with many women seeing it as an opportunity to enhance their professional prospects . Last year Chinese women were reported to be entering South Korea in droves to seek plastic surgery because of the number of surgeons there and the popularity of South Korean celebrities . The practice was so widespread that some women were rendered almost unrecognisable and hospitals resorted to handing out plastic surgery certificates , which included their name and passport number , so they could re-enter China . Some people have hinted the photographs may not be digitally altered to enhance her surgery further . The girl apparently had the surgery in an attempt to win back an ex boyfriend . Plastic surgery is a huge business in South Korea and the popularity in China only helps to increase the profile of surgeons . However the amount of money that can be made by the industry has led to a number of illegal clinics springing up in South Korea . Earlier this year a 50-year-old Chinese woman was declared brain dead after she visited a small clinic in Seoul , which had previously been warned about carrying out activities against the country 's health regulations . Operations to slim faces and increase the size of noses are common in China , while women also seek to have excess skin on their eyelids removed to make their eyes appear larger . China is renowned for its extreme cosmetic procedures . Last year a man reportedly had several procedures to look like Lei Feng , a Chinese soldier who became the face of communist party propaganda in the 1960s .