A noose was discovered hanging from a tree at Duke University outside a building that houses several offices focused on diversity on the campus . The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree . Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham , North Carolina . Disgusting : Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham North Carolina . The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity and the Center for Multicultural Affairs . Larry Moneta , Duke 's vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for ` committing this act of intimidation ' would be held accountable . She wrote : ` To whomever committed this hateful and stupid act , I just want to say that if your intent was to create fear , it will have the opposite effect . ' ` Today , fear will be among the reactions students , and especially , students of color , will have . Be assured that the Duke community will provide all the support necessary to help us all get through this . ` In time , each of these cowardly acts of bias and hatred will strengthen our resolve to love and support each other . ' Duke University students took to social media sites to discuss the issue , with many believing it was racially motivated . On twitter , @DPickett12 wrote : ` They 're still hanging nooses from trees ... . Look how far we 've come . ' And @Indyz_A_WOW responded : ` Talk about it ! They think they can erase this history . Duke has always been racist . ' @DPickett12 added : ` Duke has n't been just diagnosed with racism ... it has been suffering from this disease for years . It 's chronic . ' The noose was removed from the tree at around 2:45 a.m. Wednesday according to a report in The Duke Chronicle . On twitter , @DPickett12 wrote : ` They 're still hanging nooses from trees ... . Look how far we 've come . ' @Indyz_A_WOW responded : ` Talk about it ! They think they can erase this history . Duke has always been racist . ' @DPickett12 wrote : Duke has n't been just diagnosed with racism ... it has been suffering from this disease for years . It 's chronic . @cierane tweeted : ` The fact that black students at Duke pay $ 60,000 a year and constantly feel unsafe on campus is ridiculous . ' Race issues : The shocking incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student . Several students were seen talking to two police officers shortly after reports about it surfaced online . Members of Duke 's Black Student Alliance met on the west campus before 1 p.m. for a march to the Bryan Center . They chanted : ` We are not afraid we stand together , ' according to a tweet by Amanda Lamb from WRAL . Students chanted : ` We are not afraid we stand together , ' according to a tweet by Amanda Lamb from WRAL . However , the incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student . The race hate incident led Duke President Richard Brodhead and Provost Sally Kornbluth to send an email to the student body affirming the university 's commitment to racial equality . It also spawned the creation of a group called The Duke People of Color Caucus which released a statement on Tumblr along with a photo of the noose . The statement read : ` To all black students , staff , faculty , and/or Durhamites on campus and in the area : Please take care of yourselves and each other . ` This campus is not a safe space , and has proven beyond any doubt that it is a hostile environment for any and all black people . ' School spokesman Keith Lawrence said both Duke administrators and the police are now carrying out an investigation . University and student leaders have scheduled a forum for 5 p.m. Wednesday on the steps of Duke Chapel . Speakers will include President Richard Brodhead . Duke has about 15,000 undergraduate and graduate students . It costs about $ 60,000 a year to attend as an undergraduate , including room and board , according to the school 's website . About half of all undergraduate students receive financial aid . @cierane tweeted : ` The fact that black students at Duke pay $ 60,000 a year and constantly feel unsafe on campus is ridiculous . '