Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with Argentina over the ownership of the islands . Above , troops walk across the island in 1982 . Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the Falklands coast , as tension rise on the 33rd anniversary of the conflict . Officials claim companies active there are acting ` illegally ' in Argentine territory . It comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in a remote field of the islands . The find , announced by British firms that share the exploration area -LRB- Premier Oil , Rockhopper Exploration and Falkland Oil & Gas -RRB- , could be worth billions of pounds and will increase fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory . It comes just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' from Argentina . David Filmus , the Argentine minister in charge of the Malvinas , as the islands are known in Latin America , said : ` The new exploration efforts to try to find hydrocarbons in the area carry a huge environmental risk . ' He said the foreign and planning ministries would undertake a joint legal filing in the coming days to try and block further exploration . ` We want the owners of the companies to be tried according to Argentine laws and international statutes , ' Mr Filmus said , adding that the process ` could end with an Argentine judge issuing an arrest warrant against those who operate illegally in Argentine waters ' . The discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires , exactly 33 years after Argentina invaded the islands . Lord West of Spithead , a former First Sea Lord , said last night the find would lead to further claims by the Argentinians over the long-disputed territory in the South Atlantic . ` The rhetoric and sabre-rattling from Argentina will grow , ' he added . ` The Argentinians have always been worried we will find oil and , given their economic state , they will think , ` We should have it ' . ` We will have to be careful . The only way to stop them -LRB- acting -RRB- is to ensure we have sufficient military there . The rhetoric from Argentina will get worse . ' Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982 , leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives . The South American state still claims territorial rights to the islands . Britain pledged last week to invest £ 180million over the next ten years to defend the islands , with an upgrade of a surface-to-air missile system and the deployment of two Chinook helicopters . The commitment came after it was revealed earlier this year that Russia could be helping to re-arm Argentina . The latest incident sees a heightening of tensions between Argentina and Britain over the Falklands . Pictured is the bombing of the Sir Galahad Troop Carrier , after it was hit by a missile . A map shows the oil has been discovered 130 north of the island by British companies at the Zebedee oil well . Yesterday 's discovery , which could yield 100 million barrels of oil , was announced by the British firms that share the exploration area , Premier Oil , Rockhopper Exploration and Falkland Oil & Gas . Malcolm Graham-Wood , an oil industry expert and founder of the consultancy HydroCarbon Capital , said : ` This is good for Britain , good for British oil companies , good for taxes and good for the industry . ' Samuel Moody , chief executive of Rockhopper , which is named after the southern rockhopper penguins found on the islands , said : ` This is a fantastic start to the 2015 Falklands drilling campaign and provides early proof of the significant remaining potential of the North Falkland Basin . ' Shares in the oil-exploration companies initially soared to double digits after the discovery was announced . The row over the sovereignty of the islands , which Argentina calls Malvinas , could be intensified by the oil find . However , Mr Graham-Wood said : ` Oil is always found in difficult places , geographically and politically -- look at Alaska , for instance -- but that has never worried the oil industry . ' Oil expert Charlie Sharp , of the investment bank Canaccord Genuity , said the Zebedee discovery was ` an excellent start to the exploration campaign ' . War veterans sing the national anthem and hold the Argentinian flag during a ceremony marking the 33rd anniversary of the start of the Falklands War . Argentina has now written to the UN about British ` aggression ' Argentina 's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner -LRB- right -RRB- pays tribute to the soldiers who died in the conflict during the commemoration of the 33rd anniversary in Ushuaia last week . Kirchner used the anniversary - commemorated in Argentina as the Day of the Veterans and Fallen of the Malvinas Islands War - to criticise Britain 's announcement it will beef up its defence of the islands . Kirchner told the crowd : ` We will see the islands form part of our territory again . It 's not just wishful thinking ' Documents released by American whistleblower Edward Snowden allege Britain was actively spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011 . There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims , which were published by several Argentine news agencies . The documents include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government , it has been reported . It follows another made nearby in 2012 through a project called Sea Lion , but the price of oil has halved since June , forcing many explorers to cut back on spending . Experts also predict future finds could be even more significant . Stephane Foucaud , oil analyst at First Energy , said the latest discovery is ` encouraging news ' , but another well -- called Isobel Deep , 15 miles to the south -- is the ` most important ' in the area . Mr Fallon said last week that existing defences in the Falklands would be modernised , with investment in ` ageing infrastructure ' and an upgrade of the surface-to-air missile system . It came after news that Russian president Vladimir Putin was reportedly working on a deal to lease 12 Sukhoi Su-24 bombers to Argentina . Intelligence chiefs warned that Argentina could land forces on a remote island , and that commanders needed support helicopters to enable infantry to react to any threat .