A woman of Arab and Jewish descent who was strip-searched at a Detroit-area airport has reached a settlement in a lawsuit filed on her behalf , the American Civil Liberties Union said Tuesday . The federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks after armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport , made her undress during a search and held her for hours . Frontier Airlines , the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit . Won her case : Shoshana Hebshi , of Sylvania , Ohio , who was strip-searched at a Detroit-area airport , will gain $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated . Yoga instructor : Hebshi works as a freelance writer , yoga instructor , and is a mother to two twins . Hebshi , who has a Jewish mother and Saudi Arabian father , has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion . ` I filed this lawsuit because I did n't want others to experience the kind of unnecessary trauma that I did , and it has given me faith that the justice system can work to protect constitutional rights , ' Hebshi said in a release . ` This settlement gives me some peace of mind . Now , I feel like I can finally put the incident behind me . ' Hebshi of Sylvania , Ohio , was traveling home after visiting a sister in California when was removed from the Frontier Airlines flight after it landed Sept. 11 , 2011 . She was seated next to two Indian-American men , whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane 's bathroom . All three were detained , according to the ACLU . Hebshi was held for hours before being released . The two men also were released . ` People do not forfeit their constitutional rights when they step onto an airplane , ' said ACLU attorney Rachel Goodman . Traveler : Hebshi , pictured with her family at Stonehenge in England , was traveling on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 when she was ethnically profiled . Ethnically profiled : Shoshana Hebshi , a woman of Arab and Jewish descent was strip-searched at Detroit Metropolitan Airport on the 10th anniversary on 9/11 . ` This settlement sends that critical message , and will help protect future passengers from having to endure what Shoshana went through . ' The Airport Authority said its insurer agreed to a financial settlement to avoid ` further time-consuming and costly litigation . ' That amount was not released . Airport police ` acted quickly and responsibly , and followed appropriate protocols in responding to a request for help from one of our airline partners , ' Authority Chief Executive Thomas Naughton said in a release . ` I strongly support their actions . We remain committed to vigilantly protecting the safety of the travelling public . ' As part of the settlement , Frontier will amend its employee handbook to more clearly state its zero-tolerance policy on discrimination and provide all new employees with training on that revision . The airline also will amend its customer complaint policy to ensure allegations of discrimination are given appropriate attention . Frontier Airlines declined to comment on the settlement . According to Hebshi 's Twiiter , she is a mother of twin boys and works as a yoga instructor and freelance writer . Human right 's advocate : ` I filed this lawsuit because I did n't want others to experience the kind of unnecessary trauma that I did , ' Hebshi said in a release . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .