A Russian submarine close to the coast of Britain may have dragged a trawler violently backwards after snagging in its nets , a fishermen 's organisation has claimed . The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland and the vessel was badly damaged . Ardglass is one of Northern Ireland 's main fishing ports and local trawlermen are usually more concerned about hitting their quotas than Cold War-style intrigue . Violently dragged : Captain Paul Murphy of the Karen , a fishing trawler , holds up a snapped steel cable aboard his boat . The damage is thought to have been caused by a Russian submarine . The incident happened off the coast of Northern Ireland and is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine -LRB- file picture -RRB- . The 60-foot boat 's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident . Nato exercises were held this week in northern Scotland and Ardglass fishing representative Dick James said the alliance 's drills may have attracted Russian interest . This week RAF Typhoons were launched to intercept two Russian aircraft near UK air space , the Ministry of Defence has confirmed . Mr James said : ` Our defence forces are not up to much if a rogue submarine of unidentified nationality is tearing around the Irish Sea . ' Last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down by a Russian submarine while fishing off the Scottish coast . The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland . Alarming episode : The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident and was badly damaged . The trawler 's captain Paul Murphy points to an on-board computerised tracking system that shows his boat 's unusual movements during the incident . Angus Macleod , 46 , was fishing for haddock and skate when he became convinced that a hostile vessel was caught up below his boat Aquarius . The submarine attempted to free itself , taking the 65ft vessel and his two-ton catch with it . Recently Russian warships reportedly used the English Channel en route to military exercises in the North Atlantic . The coastguard said the Karen reported a collision at a point known as the Calf of Man not far from the Isle of Man . The skipper said the boat had been snagged and dragged backwards at speed . Mr James added : ` You do n't need to go long at that until you go under . ' The four crew members scrambled to release wires connecting the net to the out-of-control trawler , which had been moving slowly forward but was suddenly sent careering backwards through the water . As the ship steadied the shaken seamen stopped to catch their breath but there was no sign of the cause . The vessel made its way back to Ardglass and part of the deck had to be lifted because it was so badly damaged , and another section was ripped off . Mr James added : ` It is a bl *** y mess . ' He said Royal Navy protocols mean an incident like this would not happen involving a British submarine . He said : ` It is possible that it was a Russian submarine . Another recent alert : This week RAF Typhoons were launched to intercept two Russian aircraft , believed to be ` Bear ' bombers , -LRB- stock image -RRB- near UK air space . No explanation : Experts said Russian President Vladimir Putin 's move to send planes capable of carrying cruise missiles so close to British shores could be seen as an act of aggression . ` You can not always prevent it but if an incident like this did happen the -LRB- Royal Navy -RRB- protocols said that the submarine would immediately surface to check on the health and welfare of the people involved and this one did not . ` Paul Murphy , the skipper , said that he sat for five to 10 minutes catching his breath to see if the submarine would surface . ` It was a submarine , it had to be , it could not have been anything else . ' The incident came as Britain hosted a Nato exercise in northern Scotland involving more than 50 warships . Separately , the MoD has said RAF Typhoons , from RAF Lossiemouth , were deployed ` after Russian aircraft were identified flying close to UK air space ' . It said it could not comment on Royal Navy submarine movements or the fishing vessel incident . Tensions over the Ukraine conflict have soured relations between the West and Russia , which is suffering from US and EU sanctions imposed because the Kremlin is backing separatists in eastern Ukraine . A map showing how jets were launched from RAF Lossiemouth on Monday , shortly after HMS Argyll was deployed to monitor a Russian destroyer and two other ships as they passed through the English Channel . Mr James , chief executive of the Northern Ireland Fish Producers ' Organisation , said : ` There has been Russian activity . There have been Allied exercises going on , the Russians have been taking an interest in it . ` The question mark now is what kind of a submarine was it ? ` If it was Allied it should have been following an agreed protocol where this should not have happened . ' Sinn Fein Northern Ireland Assembly member Chris Hazzard said the community was angry . He said : ` The fact that this submarine did n't even surface to make sure the fishermen were safe has caused considerable resentment in the area . It is totally unacceptable that a submarine would show such contempt for maritime workers . ` The skipper and his crew on the Karen , and indeed all of the local fleet , deserve to know the truth about what happened . ` Whether this is a British vessel attached to the hugely controversial Trident system or a Nato submarine in training , our local fishermen deserve justice . '