Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy . George also did n't hesitate to speak his mind , even if it was unscripted and , at times , controversial , said Seattle Archbishop J. Peter Sartain , who delivered the homily at a packed funeral Mass at Chicago 's Holy Name Cathedral . ` The cardinal 's faith was simple , direct , without pretense or embarrassment , ' Sartain said . ` He was so utterly a Christian that no circumstance seemed inappropriate for him to give witness to Christ . ' Service : Mourners pray during the funeral Mass for Cardinal Francis George at Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago on Thursday , April 23 , 2015 . George died Friday , April 17 at age 78 after a long battle with cancer . Remembered : In this Nov. 17 , 2014 file photo , retiring Cardinal Francis George is seen at Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago . Tribute : Archbishop Blase Cupich , center , presides over the funeral Mass for Cardinal Francis George . Church : Pallbearers carry the casket of Cardinal Francis George while placing it in a hearse after his funeral . Honored : Mourners view Cardinal Francis George on Thursday . Transported : The casket carrying Cardinal Francis George leaves the church after his funeral Mass . George , a Chicago native , died Friday at age 78 , of kidney cancer . He was to be buried Thursday in his family 's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines . After being appointed by Pope John Paul II in 1997 to lead the Chicago Archdiocese , George earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the U.S. Church . At the height of the abuse crisis in 2002 , George led a group of U.S. bishops who persuaded resistant Vatican officials to more quickly oust guilty priests -- a policy at the core of reforms meant to restore trust in church leaders . He also oversaw the contentious new English-language translation of the Roman Missal , one of the biggest changes in Catholic worship in generations . Assembled : Attendees are seen at Cardinal Francis George 's funeral Mass on Thursday . Appearance : Bruce Rauner , the governor of Illinois , was also present at the funeral Mass . Farewell : A mourner kisses the cardinal 's vestments at Holy Name Cathedral before the funeral Mass . Mayor : Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and wife Amy Rule walk into Holy Name Cathedral before the funeral . Gathered : Archbishops and Bishops line up outside the church ahead of the start of the funeral . And in his three years as president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , George spearheaded opposition to the Affordable Care Act , arguing that the health insurance law would allow taxpayer money to fund abortion . The Chicago archdiocese 's charitable arm helped sue the Obama administration in 2012 over the requirement that employers cover the cost of contraception . George retired last fall before announcing his treatment for kidney cancer had failed . He was replaced by Archbishop Blase Cupich . Hundreds of clergy from around the country , plus Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner joined lay Catholics at Thursday 's services , which followed three days of visitation . Lolita Slaughter of suburban Bolingbrook said the funeral Mass was ` beautiful , and such a great home-going for the cardinal , ' whom she regarded as a steady and stabilizing force . ` I love the way he led the Church even through the controversies , ' said Slaughter , 48 . ` He helped Catholics come together . ' Embrace : Pope Benedict XVI met with Cardinal Francis George in Washington , DC in April 2008 . Change : George also oversaw the contentious new English-language translation of the Roman Missal , one of the biggest changes in Catholic worship in generations . Tradition : Incense is spread during the funeral mass . George earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the U.S. Church . Overseeing : Archbishop Blase Cupich , left , presides over the funeral mass . Cardinal Francis George was appointed by Pope John Paul II in 1997 to lead the Chicago Archdiocese . Paying respects : Bishops gather at the funeral on Thursday in Chicago . Attendess : Nuns from the Oblate Sisters of Jesus the Priest wait for the funeral Mass of Cardinal Francis George at Holy Name Cathedral to begin . Hundreds of clergy from around the country , plus Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner joined lay Catholics at Thursday 's services . Celebrated : A program for the funeral Mass for Cardinal Francis George shows his photo . Pallbearers carry the casket of Cardinal Francis George after his funeral .