A Missouri inmate was executed Tuesday night for killing a man in a fit of rage over child support payments 16 years ago . Andre Cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri . His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals , including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15 pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre , Missouri and was pronounced dead at 10.24 pm , a spokesman for the Missouri Department of Corrections wrote in a statement to Daily Mail Online . Scroll down for video . Andre Cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri . He declined to order a last meal and received the day 's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich , a cookie and fruit punch . He did not provide a final written statement , the spokesman said . Department of Corrections Director George A. Lombardi read the following statement from Gov. Jay Nixon : ` Next week marks the observance of Crime Victims ' Rights Week in Missouri , and tonight I ask the people of our state to especially remember Anthony Curtis , murdered by the man whose sentence was carried out tonight . ` Far too often , the names of those who are victims of violent crime , such as Anthony Curtis , are the names that are forgotten . ` Please join us in keeping Anthony Curtis and his loved ones in your thoughts and prayers . ' On Tuesday , Gov. Nixon refused a clemency petition that raised concerns about the fact that Cole , who was black , was convicted and sentenced by an all-white jury . Cole and his wife , Terri , were married for 11 years and had two children before divorcing in 1995 . The couple fought about visitation and he was upset about child support payments , authorities said . By 1998 , Cole was $ 3,000 behind in child support . Attorney General Chris Koster said Cole became angry when he learned that a payroll withholding order was issued to his employer , taking the money out of his check . ` Before I give her another dime , I 'll kill -LRB- her -RRB- , ' Cole told co-workers , according to Koster . The first deduction appeared on his August 21 , 1998 , paycheck . Hours later , Cole forced his way into his ex-wife 's home by throwing a tire jack through a glass door , Koster said . He was confronted by Curtis , a friend who was visiting . Andre Cole used a kitchen knife to repeatedly stab Curtis , then Terri Cole . Curtis died but Terri Cole survived . Cole fled the state but surrendered 33 days later . He claimed at trial that he did not bring a weapon into Terri Cole 's house and that Curtis initiated the attack with a knife . Andre Cole 's brother , DeAngelo Cole , 38 , of Las Vegas , said the attack was out of character for his sibling . He called it a crime of passion . ` It was a one-time thing , ' DeAngelo Cole said . ` He did n't have a history of that kind of behavior . ' Cole 's attorney , Joseph Luby , said Cole 's mental health deteriorated during the more than a decade he spent in prison . He said Cole was plagued by psychosis and constantly heard voices in his head . Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15 pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center -LRB- above -RRB- in Bonne Terre , Missouri . The courts were not convinced . Both the Missouri Supreme Court and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to halt the execution based on mental health concerns . The U.S. Supreme Court also turned away appeals based on Missouri 's secretive method of obtaining the execution drug pentobarbital and over how instructions were given to the jury . The jury itself was the source of the clemency request to Nixon . Advocates for Cole , including the NAACP , the American Civil Liberties Union and others , said his case was among many in which St. Louis County prosecutors unfairly prohibited black jurors from hearing a death penalty case involving a black suspect . All 12 jurors in Cole 's case were white . Kimber Edwards , who was scheduled for execution in May , was also convicted and sentenced by an all-white jury . The Missouri Supreme Court , without explanation , canceled the execution orders for Edwards earlier this month . Missouri tied Texas for the most executions in 2014 with 10 . Missouri has now executed 15 men since November 2013 .