Battered , rusted and covered in overgrown weeds , this unremarkable looking bus and train were used to film one of the most memorable Hollywood action scenes of the past 25 years . Lying abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina , fans of 1993 film The Fugitive will recognize them as those used by Harrison Ford 's character Dr Richard Kimble when he escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train . The scene , which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus , cost an eye-watering $ 1.5 million to shoot while the remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction . Scroll down for video . The wreckage of the bus and train used in the dramatic scene from The Fugitive lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina . The vehicles were used to film a scene in which Harrison Ford 's character leaps from a prison transport moments before it is struck by the onrushing train . Signage identifying the bus as a prison transport for the purposes of the film remains on its front . Across its side , the lettering reads ` Illinois Dept. of Corrections ' in accordance with the film 's plot . The wreckage has since become a tourist attraction 23 years after the memorable action scene was shot . Harrison Ford 's character Dr Richard Kimble is pictured leaping off the bus in the scene where he escapes while being transported to prison . The Fugitive was the must-see film of 1993 , winning plaudits from critics and the audience alike . It grossed a staggering $ 370million . Fans of the film will recognise the inside of the bus where Kimble tried in vain to save prison officers and fellow inmates , before narrowly avoiding certain death by jumping from the vehicle seconds before the train hit . ` Illinois Dept. Of Corrections ' can still be seen written on the trashed prison bus in accordance with the film 's plot . The trains were bought specifically for the epic scene at $ 22,000 per carriage . The crew used pusher trains to make it go faster for a bigger impact . The 100 strong crew spent two months on location in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina to carefully plan the impact , which lasted a heart-stopping 60 seconds . The short action sequence cost an eye-watering $ 1.5 million to shoot as it used only minimal CGI . Director Andrew Davis used 13 cameras to film the scene and three were destroyed in the process . The inside of the bus will be familiar to fans of the film as the location where Harrison Ford 's character attempts to free fellow prisoners before leaping out of the path of the oncoming train . The train is now covered in grass and weeds after sitting abandoned for more than two decades . Director Andrew Davis used 13 cameras to film the scene ; three were destroyed in the process . Most camera were operated remotely so to avoid injury to cameramen . Speaking in 2013 , Mr Davis said : ` I 'm glad CGI was n't available when we made the Fugitive , not only was the train crash very effective because you really felt it and saw it , but the next day when the marshals show up and there 's aerials of it , that would 've been a nightmare to try and put all that in digitally and have people reacting to nothingness . ' According to Mr Davis , what you see in the sequence is 95 per cent real footage . The only part that was super-imposed was the moment Kimble leaps out of the way of the train . In the film , the bus is a prison transport which crashes when fellow prisoners attempt an escape . Harrison Ford 's character Dr Richard Kimble escapes when the bus lands in a ravine in the path of an oncoming train . Despite being shackled around the feet , he manages to narrowly avoid being hit by the derailed train .