Former supermodel Christy Turlington Burns is championing the message ` It 's what you do that defines you ' for fresh-to-the-UK clothing brand , Lindex . The Scandinavian brand , which opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford , London , on March 27 , has also brought in 22-year-old German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede , 37 . The models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world , showing that true beauty comes from what you do as well as how you look . Scroll down for video . Christy Turlington , Liya Kebede and Toni Garrn are the faces of Lindex 's Spring 2015 campaign . Lindex opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford on March 27 . ` I have learned that it 's what you do , how you do it and what you do with what you have that matters , ' said the yummy mummy , 46 . ` I like that this campaign is providing a platform for each of us women - Toni , Liya and myself - at different stages of our careers who are all doing more with our lives than just modelling . ` I think it 's a positive example to show that none of us are only as we may seem at a glance and that everyone has the capacity to do more . ' Lindex wanted models who do good things outside of the fashion world for its campaign , so brought in Christy . Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to help raise money for Christy 's charity , Every Mother Counts , as well as the Liya Kebede Foundation and Plan International 's Because I Am A Girl . ` We chose to work with Christy , Liya and Toni as Super Role Models because we believe that the spirit they convey and the example they set will inspire our customers to consider the meaning of beauty -- not only on the outside but the inside too , ' said Lindex 's Johan Hallin . ` The campaign message is that we can all do better . ' Lindex is also raising awareness for WaterAid during its campaign with in-store activities and by donating 10 per cent from all sales during shopping events . All profits from the sale of limited-edition #superrolemodel t-shirts , pictured , will go to mum and child charities . Christy , who 's gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April , told Red Magazine last week that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge , but that now she 's feeling ` stronger and healthier ' than ever . ` Giving birth was probably the most empowering thing I 've ever done physically . I was like , now I can do anything . I can run a marathon ... I can run three marathons ! ' Christy - who is mother to daughter Grace , 11 , and son Finn , eight , with her husband of 11 years Edward Burns , 47 - had just given birth to Grace in 2003 when she was struck with a postpartum hemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall . She suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief - an experience that could easily have killed her had she not been in such good hands . Trauma : Christy , pictured with her husband Edward Burns , 47 , had just given birth to Grace in 2010 when she was struck with a postpartum haemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall . As a result of this traumatic experience , Christy founded the charity Every Mother Counts in 2010 . ` What I realised was actually how lucky I had been that so many women do n't even get to choose when they become pregnant . ' ` They do n't get to choose whether they will be medicated , or have a natural birth . This is just how it is , and it 's not an ideal way to bring life into the world , I do n't think . ' According to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable . But , as she points out , the U.S. is one of the eight countries worldwide where maternal deaths are on the rise . Dedicated : According to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable - a statistic she 's determined to change . Christy , who became famous alongside Cindy Crawford , Naomi Campbell and Linda Evangelista in the era of the supermodels , now runs marathons in aid of Every Mother Counts . She said she is determined to strengthen the ` sisterhood ' between mothers around the world , wherever the happen to be .