A housekeeper who stole antiques and art treasures worth £ 500,000 -- including a work by Picasso -- from a wealthy countess was yesterday warned she was facing a lengthy jail term . Kim Roberts admitted to stealing the precious paintings , vases and silverware from Dowager Countess Bathurst 's Cirencester mansion and her London home . The 58-year-old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches , which included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates , Gloucester Crown Court heard . Roberts ' haul was said to be worth a total of £ 500,000 at an earlier hearing . Kim Roberts -LRB- left -RRB- admitted stealing antiques and paintings from her employer , the Countess of Bathurst -LRB- right -RRB- . The Bathurst family home , Cirencester Park , houses artistic treasures stretching back more than three centuries to the first Earl Bathurst , who was a patron of art and literature and a friend of authors including Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope . Among the estate 's collection are portraits by Thomas Gainsborough , George Romney , Peter Lely , and Joshua Reynolds . The 3,000 acre grounds are also home to Cirencester Park Polo Club . Prince Charles has regularly played there over the years and his sons William and Harry have followed in his footsteps . Roberts , of Colyton , Devon , yesterday admitted three charges she had previously denied -- including burgling the countess 's Kensington home in Lennox Gardens , where the average asking price is more than £ 4million . Roberts was working at Cirencester Park , the aristocratic country pile of the Bathursts , in the Cotswolds . Roberts admitted stealing antique vases between May and August in 2013 and stealing a 4x4 Volvo XC90 -- worth at least £ 45,000 -- from her previous employer interior designer Emily Olympitis in October 2012 . She also admitted fraud after dishonestly telling a domestic household staff recruitment agency that she was born in 1958 . At a hearing last year , Roberts admitted stealing art and antiques belonging to the countess between April and May 2013 . But she had claimed she was guilty only because the property was put in her car by mistake . Yesterday her barrister Simon Burns said she had now abandoned that claim and fully accepted her responsibility . Roberts was told to prepare for a stretch in prison after she admitted stealing antiques and paintings from the Countess of Bathurst . Her victim -- Gloria , the Dowager Countess of Bathurst -- is the widow of the eighth Earl Bathurst , Henry , who died in 2011 aged 84 . Their son Allen , formerly Lord Apsley , is now the 9th Earl and lives in the Cirencester Park mansion house with his wife Sara . The Bathursts are one of England 's oldest families , originating from Sussex where they owned Bathurst Castle until they were dispossessed of their lands by Edward IV in 1463 , after siding with the Lancastrians in the War of the Roses . Roberts did deny three charges yesterday , including stealing antique silver hairbrushes from Lady Juliet Worsley , and another theft of items including a television and a DVD player . She also denied possession of stolen property including a Mont Blanc pen , items of clothing and several accessories . The Crown Prosecution Service has until today to accept her pleas and allow the charges she denies to rest . Roberts ' lawyer told the court he had spoken to the prosecution and believed her guilty pleas would be accepted and that the other charges would not be proceeded with . Judge Jamie Tabor QC gave the prosecution 24 hours to dispute this and released Roberts on bail until May 7 so a pre-sentence report can be prepared by the probation service . And he told Roberts to expect a prison sentence , saying : ` I do n't want you to be under any illusions about the sentence you will receive . You should make arrangements prior to that date on the basis that you are going to be away for some time . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .