On Tuesday , SpaceX came incredibly close to landing its Falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the Atlantic . Now , leaked footage reveals just how close Elon Musk 's firm came to success , with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a GoPro camera . The unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over . On Tuesday , SpaceX came incredibly close to landing its Falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the Atlantic . Now , leaked footage reveals just how close Elon Musk 's firm came to success , with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a GoPro camera . A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from ` stiction in the biprop throttle valve , resulting in control system phase lag . ' This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine was n't moving fast enough . As a result , the actions from rocket 's computers could n't be acted upon in time to correct the tilt of the booster caused by a gust of wind . The video , which appeared on Reddit , reveals how the rocket overcompensates for its extreme tilt . A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from ` stiction in the biprop throttle valve , resulting in control system phase lag . ' This means the valve designed to control the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine was n't moving fast enough . As a result , the actions from rocket 's computers could n't be acted upon in time to correct the tilt of the booster . Earlier this week SpaceX has released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic . The video , taken from a plane , shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before exploding on impact . The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida . Soon after the launch , billionaire SpaceX founder , Musk , tweeted : ` Ascent successful . Dragon enroute to Space Station . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . ' The unverified video shows the rocket drifting into view in slow motion and floating onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over . Pictured is the moment of impact . A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from ` stiction in the biprop throttle valve , resulting in control system phase lag . ' This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine was n't moving fast enough . Landing the rocket upright was always going to be tricky . SpaceX once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . The autonomous spaceport drone ship is 300ft by 100ft -LRB- 90 by 30 metres -RRB- , with wings that extend its width to 170ft -LRB- 50 metres -RRB- . Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . Despite being destroyed , the booster 's flyback marks another step in the company 's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown , potentially slashing launch costs . ` This might change completely how we approach transportation to space , ' SpaceX Vice President Hans Koenigsman told reporters during a prelaunch press conference . The Falcon 9 is on now its way to deliver 4,300 lb -LRB- 1,950 kg -RRB- of food , clothing and science experiments to the ISS - including an eagerly awaited espresso machine for astronauts . The supplies today arrived at the ISS . The rocket was was due to take off on Monday , but the launch was scrubbed due to bad weather . The video , taken from a plane on Tuesday , shows the the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side . On board the Dragon capsule was an experimental espresso machine intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . ` We 're very , very happy to have it here , ' Cristoforetti radioed to mission controllers in Houston today . The Italians in charge of the project hope to revolutionise coffee-drinking in space . SpaceX , meanwhile , hoped to transform the rocket business by landing the first-stage booster on a platform floating a few hundred miles off Florida 's northeastern coast , near Jacksonville . United Launch Alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named ` Vulcan ' in 2019 . Vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . The company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX ' launch of Falcon 9 , which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable . The aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines , but the technology has so far proven difficult . ULA 's plan is to skip returning the whole booster , an approach favoured by rival SpaceX . It hopes to separate the engines after launch , inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to nab them mid-air . The booster managed to land on the barge but Elon Musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over . Elon Musk tweeted this image of the booster coming back down to Earth . Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . The booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ` Just Read the Instructions ' in the Atlantic ocean . Musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . First-stage boosters normally just slam into the Atlantic and sink . The booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ` Just Read the Instructions . ' The Dragon -- the only supply ship capable of returning items intact -- will remain at the space station until around May 21 . During a previous landing attempt in January , the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins , causing it to crash into the platform . A second attempt in February was called off because of high seas , but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart . At liftoff time , the orbiting lab was soaring over Australia . The delivery of food and equipment arrived today . The launch sequence as it happened . All stages of the launch went to plan , except for the landing of the lower part of the rocket . SpaceX once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . Musk recently unveiled the images of the Falcon 9 failed second landing after persuasion on Twitter by the game pioneer behind Doom , John Carmack . The images show the rocket approaching the barge following last month 's attempt . After it fails to reduce its speed , the rocket is seen crashing at an angle and exploding . Billionaire Musk described the event simply as a ` rapid unscheduled disassembly ' . This is the California-based SpaceX company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from Cape Canaveral . SpaceX is one of two companies hired by Nasa to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles . As well as a recently extended 15-flight , $ 2 billion contract with Nasa , SpaceX is working on a passenger version of the Dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to deliver commercial communications satellites into orbit . The company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the Falcon rocket , which uses 27 engines , compared to the nine currently flying . The Falcon Heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year . While the booster landing did n't go to plane , the launch was successful . It took place at 4.10 ET from Florida under perfect conditions , after a attempt had to be scrubbed on Monday due to lightning .