A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House . President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation . Michelle Obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ` Kailua Blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services . Scroll down for video . Went bright : Michelle Obama chose a bold , watery blue hue to accent the Obama White House 's official china . Pickard , America 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893 . In that time , their high end offerings have won them an extremely discerning clientele , including : . Air Force One . Camp David . Gracie Mansion . King of Saudia Arabia . South Carolina Governor 's Mansion . United Nations . United States Air Force . United States Department of State . Source . ` It 's a modern and fresh color not previously seen on state chinas , but Mrs. Obama 's main goal was to create a modern service that is completely compatible and interchangeable and usable with all the historic china services , ' White House Curator William Allman said during a preview of Tuesday 's state dinner . A fluted band of Kailua Blue , framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line , appears on all pieces of the service , except the dinner and serving plates . The solid white dinner plates are edged in gold ; the service plates have a wide gold rim and the presidential coat of arms at the center . The china , which has settings for 320 people , cost approximately $ 367,000 . It was paid for from a private fund that is administered by the White House Historical Association and used to acquire fine and decorative arts for the presidential mansion . The state china service then-first lady Laura Bush unveiled in January 2009 cost $ 493,000 . It was being unveiled Monday during a preview for Tuesday 's state dinner for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . ` If you 've seen our state dinners , we really do a lot of mixing and matching -- sometimes because we really do not have enough , sometimes because we 're trying to create a new modern , different , edgy kind of look , ' Mrs. Obama told Architectural Digest last week when she previewed the Obama state china for interior design journalists and bloggers . ` This Kailua Blue is one of those colors that will complement some of the other pieces already in the collection in a way that 's elegant , and I think it will be timeless . ' ` Kailua Blue ' : Michelle Obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ` Kailua Blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services . Gold : A fluted band of Kailua Blue , framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line , appears on all pieces of the service , except the dinner and serving plates . The solid white dinner plates are edged in gold ; the service plates have a wide gold rim and the presidential coat of arms at the center . Long process : Three years ago , in the spring of 2012 , Pickard China , of Antioch , Illinois , was brought in to consult on the project . The company has made dinnerware for use at the Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland and aboard Air Force One . The Obama state china service was paid for with money from a private fund that is used to buy fine and decorative arts for the White House and is administered by the White House Historical Association . The cost was not disclosed . There is no requirement for presidents to have a state china service and some , including Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush , had none . Planning began in the fall of 2011 when Mrs. Obama and family friend and designer Michael Smith began gathering feedback from members of the White House residence staff . Three years ago , in the spring of 2012 , Pickard China , of Antioch , Illinois , was brought in to consult on the project . The company has made dinnerware for use at the Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland and aboard Air Force One . Mrs. Obama wanted the state china service to have modern elements but also be practical , said the White House , which was unveiling it earlier than recent administrations . Each setting includes a first for presidential tableware -- an individual tureen that can be used for soup , dessert or ` any other dish that the chefs get creative and decide they would like to serve with a little panache in an individual serving size , ' Allman said . Then-first ladies Laura Bush and Hillary Rodham Clinton were not around to use the state china services they introduced just weeks before their husbands left office . Obama has approximately 20 months left in his term , which ends on Jan. 20 , 2017 . Early debut : Mrs. Obama wanted the state china service to have modern elements but also be practical , said the White House , which was unveiling it earlier than recent administrations .