Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has insisted it was not a difficult decision to include Adam Johnson in his squad for Saturday 's Barclays Premier League trip to Stoke . Advocaat has confirmed the 27-year-old midfielder , who was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday , remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation . For the time being at least , the Black Cats ' position remains unchanged , and that means Johnson , who has been used as a substitute in the last three games , can play on as Sunderland battle relegation . Adam Johnson leaves Peterlee police station on Thursday after being charged . Johnson leaves the Peterlee police station on Thursday after learning of the charges against him . The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland despite the charges . Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping Johnson despite his charges . Asked if it was a difficult situation for a coach , Advocaat replied : ` No , because the club made a statement about it and I stay behind that , and we will wait and see what the future will bring . ` He still has to come in , but in principle if he feels okay , then he will be a member of the squad . If he 's in the squad , then I will consider him for selection , otherwise he would not be in the squad . ' Johnson has already been the target of unsavoury chants from fans of rival clubs , but Advocaat is confident that will not be an issue during the final weeks of the season . He said : ` No , I do n't think so . ' Advocaat 's comments came after Sunderland released a statement outlining their position on the matter . It said : ` Following yesterday 's statement from Durham Constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review . The club will not be making any further comment . ' Johnson is due to appear at Peterlee Magistrates ' Court on May 20 - the Black Cats face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium that evening - but in theory , should be available to play in the other five games Sunderland have in which to preserve their top-flight status . Advocaat 's side currently sit 16th in the table , but just a point clear of the bottom three , and he has set them a target of at least six points to avoid the drop . Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 - the same day Sunderland face Arsenal . Advocaat gives instructions to Sunderland winger Johnson during a Premier League match in March . In the circumstances , he needs all the players he can get , and especially a man who cost £ 10million when he arrived from Manchester City during the summer of 2012 . Johnson 's continued presence could prove all the more important after the Dutchman revealed that striker Steven Fletcher travelled to London on Friday to consult a specialist over a troublesome ankle injury . He returned to training under new boss Dick Advocaat and has featured as a substitute in their last three matches , including the 1-0 Tyne-Wear derby victory over Newcastle . Johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to Section 9 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 . The offences are said to have taken place between December 30 last year and February 26 . He has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under Section 15 of the same Act . Gerry Wareham , CPS Chief Crown Prosecutor for the North East , said he believes there is a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest for Johnson to be charged . The England international -LRB- right -RRB- was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing on Thursday . Johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the Sunderland winger arrived at the police station on Thursday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .