Adam Federici lay inert on the turf for a moment . He realised the magnitude of what happened . He understood the horror of it instantly . He let his head rest on the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to wish it all away , as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and the wild celebrations of the Arsenal fans . His face was scrunched against the grass , distorted in a mask of despair . Reading , still struggling to avoid relegation to League One , had performed heroically to push Arsenal into extra-time in this FA Cup semi-final and Federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 but the Australian goalkeeper guessed there would be no way back now . There had been less than a minute to go before the extra-time interval when Alexis Sanchez had cut in from the left and fired in a stinging shot straight at Federici . He knelt to gather it but somehow it squirmed through his legs and trickled over the line as he scrambled in vain to retrieve it . It was football at its most cruel . In years to come , it will be the enduring image of this game . Alexis Sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time . It was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp - an embarrassing gaffe . The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game . Federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp . Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties . Federici lies slumped on the ground as the impact of his error hits him in the FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal . The Reading goalkeeper , who had been magnificent until then , left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tries to console him . Federici 's opposite number , Wojciech Szczesny -LRB- left -RRB- of Arsenal comforts his fellow goalkeeper after the game is resolved . Reading : Federici , Gunter , Hector , Pearce , Obita , McCleary , Williams , Chalobah -LRB- Cox , 106 -RRB- , Robson-Kanu -LRB- Karacan , 90 -RRB- , Mackie , Pogrebnyak -LRB- Yakubu , 111 -RRB- . Subs not used : Stephen Kelly , Norwood , Yakubu , Andersen , Cooper . Booked : Chalobah . Goal : McCleary , 54 . Arsenal : Szczesny , Debuchy , Mertesacker -LRB- Gabriel , 63 -RRB- , Koscielny , Gibbs , Coquelin -LRB- Walcott , 101 -RRB- , Cazorla , Ramsey , Ozil , Sanchez , Welbeck -LRB- Giroud , 72 -RRB- . Subs not used : Wilshere , Ospina , Monreal , Flamini . Goals : Sanchez 39 , 106 . When the final whistle confirmed that it would be Arsenal who will face either Liverpool or Aston Villa here at the end of next month , Federici , 30 , put his head down and began to walk purposefully from the pitch , his thoughts fixed on some form of escape , some search for sanctuary . The Reading manager , Steve Clarke , tried to console him but he was inconsolable . As he disappeared down the tunnel , he hung his head and wept . Sure , the bigger picture was that Arsenal now have a chance to become the most successful club in the history of this competition by winning it for the second year in succession . The bigger picture is that this time , their success in the FA Cup seems less like a consolation prize and more like a gateway to a new period of glories at a club that had been starved of them until last season 's Cup final victory over Hull . But above all , this was the kind of human drama that peoples this competition and adds to its legend . ` I am happy we are through , ' said Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny . ` But I thought Federici was terrific today . He had the game of his life and they only got to extra-time because of him . He was the best player on the pitch . I really feel for him -- I have been there , done that . ' Clarke did his best to ease Federici 's pain , too . ` This is the life of a goalkeeper , ' said the Reading boss . ` And Adam is a top goalkeeper . There 's every chance he 'll be Reading 's player of the season this year . His performances in the Championship have been crucial . ` We stick by him . I understand his worth and the supporters understand how important he is . Adam is a strong character as well . He 'll take his disappointment on the chin and on Wednesday night when we play Birmingham I 'm sure he 'll be as good as he always is . ' Clarke also complained that refereeing decisions had counted against his team . He had some justification but nothing can dull the memory of how his side pushed Arsenal all the way . There were times when it seemed Arsene Wenger 's team , who had been pegged back by the Championship strugglers in normal time , might be overwhelmed by the sheer relentless refusal of their opponents to accept defeat and by a team spirit that would not fade . The match became a test of Arsenal 's fortitude as well as their class . In former years , they might have buckled . Sanchez leaps skywards to celebrate his second goal of the game for Arsenal against Reading . Sanchez -LRB- left -RRB- rifles Arsenal into the lead against Reading in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading . Arsenal had an inconsistent first half before Sanchez struck clinically after Mesut Ozil passed to him excellently . Sanchez -LRB- third right -RRB- turns away in celebration as Reading 's players lay crumpled on the ground after conceding . Striker Sanchez -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates alongside team-mate Keiran Gibbs after scoring for Arsenal against Reading . Gareth McCleary 's second-half strike went over the line for Reading after a deflection from Keiran Gibbs . McCleary runs over to the Reading supporters at Wembley to celebrate scoring the equaliser for the Championship side . Reading 's players celebrate the goal with McCleary as they pulled themselves level with Arsenal at Wembley in the semi-final . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger -LRB- centre -RRB- gives instructions out to his team before the beginning of extra time . Federici 's mistake gave them an escape route that they followed eagerly . They had nearly taken an early lead when Per Mertesacker rose to meet a corner at the near post and Federici had to dive smartly to his left to push it off the line . Later , he produced a stunning one-handed stop to keep out a header from Gabriel . Reading held firm but Arsenal started to exert more and more pressure . Mesut Ozil , in particular , was a delight to watch in possession . There are increasing signs that the German is finally beginning to find his best form and he beguiled Reading with a series of sweet turns and beautifully measured passes . Seven minutes before the interval , Arsenal broke the stalemate . It was Ozil , inevitably , who was the inspiration . He collected the ball midway inside the Reading half , took time to pick his pass and flighted a curling ball to Sanchez in the box . Sanchez did the rest , although the rest was not simple . He controlled the ball on his chest with his back to goal , turned and committed Garath McCleary by shaping to shoot . Then , with time , the Chilean forward prodded the ball past Federici and wheeled away to celebrate . Gabriel -LRB- right -RRB- , a replacement for Per Mertesacker , powers a header at goal shortly after Reading had scored . But Reading goalkeeper Federici made a splendid one-handed save to tip the ball up and against the crossbar . Sanchez -LRB- centre -RRB- earlier took the ball past goalkeeper Federici -LRB- second left -RRB- before losing his footing and falling . Daniel Williams -LRB- left -RRB- shoots at goal for Reading against Arsenal at Wembley but his attempt went wide of the goal . It seemed then that Arsenal would extend their lead . Reading 's threat had been negligible . But they came out for the second half with new belief and to the delight of their fans massed behind the goal , they forced an equalizer . Pavel Pogrebnyak must take a lot of the credit for squeezing in a cross when it looked as though he had run out of space near the byline . The ball drifted over Kieran Gibbs ' head and as Szczesny scrambled across his line , McCleary volleyed the ball back across him . Szczesny got his hands to it but he had not been able to prevent it crossing the line . Suddenly , Reading wanted more . Jamie Mackie clipped a lovely chip into the path of Danny Williams on the edge of the box . It fell to him nicely but Williams sliced his volley wildly wide . The game was harum-scarum now . Reading sensed an upset . Mackie urged the fans on and they roared back . But six minutes from the end of normal time , Reading escaped when Aaron Ramsey missed an open goal , crashing a left-foot shot against the post . Ramsey held his head in his hands . Redemption was not far away for him . It will take longer to greet Federici . Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck -LRB- centre -RRB- has an effort blocked by Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici . Germany defender Mertesacker -LRB- left -RRB- heads the ball goalwards for Arsenal against Reading . Arsenal attacker Ozil -LRB- left -RRB- escapes the attention of Michael Hector -LRB- right -RRB- of Reading during the semi-final . Laurent Koscielny -LRB- centre -RRB- leaps up and controls possession as Arsenal took on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . McCleary -LRB- left -RRB- of Reading takes the ball beyond the challenge of Arsenal player Francois Coquelin . Reading 's fans watch on as their Championship side take on Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . Reading manager Clarke gives instructions to his team as they take on Arsenal . Wenger 's side failed to hit the level seen in recent games against Reading at Wembley .