A married couple who have endured the heartbreak of ten miscarriages in ten years , have revealed the joy of becoming parents to their miracle daughter . Last year Sarah , 36 , and Mark Brennan , 35 , from south Wales , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally . Yet last September they defied doctors to have Eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3 lb 11oz . Sarah and Mark Brennan show off their longed-for daughter Eryn Elisabeth . Sarah , a project manager , said : ` We 'd just been put on the waiting list for IVF , when I had an inkling I might be pregnant . ' After feeling queasy and exhausted , she decided to take a pregnancy test , which confirmed that she was expecting . Mark , a technician , said : ` It was wonderful to find out that Sarah was pregnant , but after so many miscarriages , we could not help but worry . ' The pair , who met when they were 18 , were just about to jet off to Egypt for a holiday and quickly booked themselves in for a private scan . Mark said : ` It may sound strange , but after about six miscarriages , we just got used to it - to being let down every time . ' During their holiday , Sarah continued to suffer from sickness and giddiness and went straight to the Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend when they returned home . Project manager Sarah , pictured with her treasured daughter , advises other mums struggling with infertility to not give up . After telling the midwife their history they were referred to the sonographer and a scan revealed a heartbeat . ` We could n't stop the tears - we were in pieces . We even had the sonographer in tears , ' Sarah said . In the weeks that followed , the pair were told that their baby was developing well and found out at the 20-week scan that they were expecting a girl . Everything went smoothly until 29 weeks , when Sarah 's waters broke so early , the doctors did not believe they had gone . She recalled : ` I was in a state of panic . But they hooked me up to machines to check her and , thank God , she was OK . ' Sarah was told that she was experiencing Braxton Hicks - a tightening of the muscles in the womb - and sent home . The couple then spent the next few days in and out of hospital . ` Fear was creeping back into both of us , ' she said . ` In fact , scared just is n't the word . ' The doctors eventually confirmed that her waters had broken and she was sent to a specialist unit at Singleton Hospital in Swansea for close monitoring . After going into labour early , Sarah feared she 'd lost Eryn and could n't hold her newborn for five hours . ` I was in agony with the pain of every baby kick , stretch , minor movement or hiccup , ' she said . Sarah spent the next two weeks in hospital , but did not go into labour and decided to go home . She eventually went into labour on September 30 and was booked in for an emergency Caesarean , as the baby was in the breech position . Eryn was born at 33 weeks at the Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend at 2.52 pm , weighing just 3Ib 11oz . Sarah said : ` She let out a cry and we were in tears - we were finally parents . But instead of handing her to me , the midwife raced away because she needed help breathing . ` I did n't get to see her until five hours after she was born and the first cuddle , with wires and tubes , was not until the next day . ' The couple decided to call their daughter Eryn Elisabeth . The couple said they became ` used ' to the heartbreak of miscarriages after losing ten babies . Sarah said : ` I was handed Eryn , complete with tubes and wires , and I crumbled with a perfect rush of emotion and love . ' Sarah was discharged from hospital , but Eryn had to stay in neonatal care for three weeks . ` It was terrifying to leave her , ' she said . ` We spent all day by her cot and I was in tears every night . ' The pair eventually returned to their home in Llantwit Major and Eryn is now growing well . Sarah said : ` We were so happy - I would say to anyone else who is going through the same thing - never give up hope . '