The wife of broadcaster John Suchet has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia . Bonnie was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' . She died on April 15 . Last night Suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ` private family matter ' . He has thanked those on Twitter who offered their condolences . Bonnie Suchet -LRB- pictured with John -RRB- was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' The family paid tribute in a death notice in the Telegraph , which read : ` Bonnie died peacefully on 15th April 2015 aged 73 . ` Adored wife of John , devoted mother of Alec and Hereward , mother-in-law of Peta-Jane , grandmother of Finn and Alexa . ' In recent years the Classic FM DJ and former ITN presenter has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity . In 2009 he broke down live on air during an interview on BBC Breakfast as he gave an account of his wife 's battle . He was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness , or that he was on TV talking about it . He added that he sometimes had to beat up a cushion as a way of dealing with his frustration at the loss of the relationship , which he described was ` made in heaven ' . In recent years Suchet , pictured with Bonnie -LRB- left -RRB- and -LRB- right -RRB- in 2013 , has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity . In 2009 Suchet was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness , or that he was on TV talking about it . Two years later Suchet said could say about the ` wretched disease ' was that it was ` taking its course ' and confessed things ` will only get worse ' . He admitted he had no idea if she knew who he was and said he had to build a life around the changed circumstances , which saw Bonnie being moved into a care home and Mr Suchet moving closer to his brother David for support . The newscaster , who presented bulletins at ITN for 17 years , added that if he chose to wallow in the tragedy of his wife 's Alzheimer 's disease , then the condition would have claimed another ` victim ' . In September , Suchet , 71 , said : ` The Bonnie I remember no longer exists . ' There will be a private funeral .