With its carefully controlled , stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans , the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring . But not if you are on Nick Clegg 's tour , where the Lib Dem leader has boarded his bright yellow ` fun bus ' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling . Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives . And if that means pulling pints , sipping cocktails , hurtling down a zipwire or chatting to Joey Essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury , Mr Clegg seems only to happy to oblige . Scroll down for video . Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg appears determined to enjoy the election campaign , spending his Sunday afternoon ten-pin bowling . The visit to the bowling alley in Colchester , Essex delighted local people , and the press pack who have complained that the campaign so far has been boring . Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives . The Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts designed to drum up support before May 7 . While strategists admit they struggle to compete in the ` air war ' as Labour and the Tories dominate the TV and radio bulletins , they believe Mr Clegg 's enthusiasm for getting out and meeting people is paying off . On the first day of the election campaign , he rushed from a meeting with the Queen at Buckingham Palace to a wildlife sanctuary in Solihull . There he was introduced to Humpty , a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles . Mr Clegg was told the animals have a lifespan of just five years , which he might be able to relate to as his party faces the prospect of being booted out of government for the first time since 2010 . Nick Clegg and Lib Dem candidate Lorely Burt were introduced to Humpty , a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles . He took a short break from campaigning to take part in Go Ape Haldon Forest Park near Exeter on Wednesday . The Deputy Prime Minister tested the water , but declined to take a dip , during a visit to Bath Spa on April 6 . Mr Clegg faced a grilling from TOWIE star Joey Essex , who seemed a little confused about the Liberal Democrats ' name . Since then he has flown down a zipwire at a Go Ape park , tested the water at Bath Spa , planted flowers in Newtown , painted a picture at a nursery in Sheffield and watched racing wheels coming off the production in Chippenham . Food and drink has played a big part in the campaign too , from pulling pints in a Bath pub , to sipping cocktails in the sun in Southampton . He was even presented with cakes with his own face printed on them during a visit to the marginal seat of Poole and Mid Dorset . After launching the party 's NHS manifesto , he was grilled by TOWIE star Joey Essex , who seemed a little confused about the Liberal Democrats ' name . Mr Clegg had to patiently explain that the party was not called ` Demo-cats ' , after Essex wondered why it had such a ` weird ' name . ' ` I 've been Deputy Prime Minister for the last five years , ' Mr Clegg added . ` That 's sick . I sort of rule Essex . I was going to say , someone else will be Prime Minister next ? Are you going to be Prime Minister ? ' The Lib Dem leader , currently on around 8 per cent in the polls , had to admit this was unlikely . But the pair parted amicable , but not before posing for a selfie . The Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts designed to drum up support before May 7 . Food and drink has never been far from the campaign , including pulling pint at the Green Park brasserie in Bath , with Lib Dem candidate Wera Hobhouse looking on . When Mr Clegg invited the ITV cameras into his home for a profile , he was seen glugging on white wine while wife Miriam spoke about the pressure of politics on family life . Mr Clegg has been seen drinking real lemonade in Holt , Wiltshire , a Banana Wharf Liberal Cocktail as he talks in Southampton and coffee in Kingston and Surbiton . A cupcake featuring the faces of Mr Clegg and Vikki Slade , the Lib Dem candidate in Mid Dorset and North Poole . A source close to Mr Clegg said : ` Nick as a leader of a major political party has always tried to do things differently . This election campaign is no different . ` It 's lively , it 's fun . He is interacting with normal people , doing things that they do every day , whether it is ten-pint bowling or going down the pub . ` The key is to get out there and get him talking to people in their ordinary environment . ` We are lucky to have a leader in Nick who is up for doing anything . He is not afraid of a bacon sandwich . ' Labour leader Ed Miliband , who famously struggled to eat a bacon sandwich for the cameras , has been criticised for appearing throughout the election campaign in front of a red Labour backdrop . It was all child 's play as he tried his hand at painting at the Old School House Nursery School in Crosspool near Sheffield . He watered and tended some some plants during a visit to the mental health charity The Ponthafren Association , in Newtown . On a visit to Dymag , a specialist manufacturer of high performance racing wheels in Chippenham , Wiltshire there were inevitable jokes about the wheels coming off the Lib Dem campaign . Before setting off for an afternoon ten-pin bowling , Mr Clegg used a speech in London to warn Conservative plans to raise billions of pounds from the ` grubby hands of scroungers ' will not work . The Lib Dem leader promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy . Car tax would rise by £ 25-a-year . But he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax , amid concern it could cost the party support in key seats in affluent parts of London . Mr Clegg set out plans for £ 5billion in new tax rises , £ 7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance , £ 12 billion in public spending reductions and a £ 3 billion cut from welfare . But he mocked George Osborne 's insistence that another £ 12billion can be found from the welfare budget . Mr Clegg warned that it was ` quite simply impossible ' to find savings on that scale without causing ` real pain to millions of families ' and some of the most vulnerable people .