Britain 's biggest banks earmarked billions of pounds for ` remediation costs ' and fines over the last three years . Britain 's biggest banks have racked up a £ 39billion bill in just three years to pay for their financial scandals . ` Remediation costs ' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014 , according to accountants KPMG . The bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal , with banks setting aside £ 4.7 billion last year to compensate customers . Another £ 2.3 billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays , Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets . The total charge for wrongdoing last year -- £ 9.9 billion -- was only 8 per cent less than the previous year . Describing it as a ` problem that wo n't go away ' , KPMG said banks also face mounting costs from employing an army of compliance staff to keep them out of trouble . RBS is thought to be facing a multibillion-pound settlement in the US for mis-selling toxic bundles of mortgage debt -- known as mortgage-backed securities -- in the run up to the financial crisis . Barclays is also braced for a huge fine for rigging foreign exchange rates , having put aside £ 1.25 billion so far to cover the bill . But the UK 's strengthening economy has driven a 72 per cent drop in losses from bad loans , with write-offs falling to £ 5.2 billion last year . RBS was boosted by £ 1.4 billion after not as many loans went sour as it had feared . This compares with an £ 8.1 billion charge in 2013 . So-called ` impairment charges ' at Lloyds fell £ 2billion to £ 752million as the improving economy meant fewer retail customers and businesses defaulted on their repayments . Scroll down for video . This translated into a surge in the bottom line , with Lloyds posting a £ 1.8 billion profit , up from £ 415million in 2013 . RBS 's losses narrowed to £ 3.5 billion last year from £ 8.2 billion in 2013 . Barclays , HSBC and Standard Chartered all saw profits fall . KPMG said banks must ` urgently tackle ' their low return on equity -- a key measure of shareholder value -- and need to invest in technology to increase their profits . Tougher regulations forcing them to hold more capital have made it more expensive for them to do business , especially in higher-risk areas . Banks including RBS and Barclays have responded by shrinking their investment banking arms . KPMG 's Bill Michael said : ` Banks are undergoing a once in a lifetime change , as they face evolving regulation , technology and society 's expectations ... If further regulation creates too many strictures on non-retail banking , the industry risks losing its global relevance . ' KPMG said banks must ` urgently tackle ' their low return on equity and need to invest in technology to increase their profits .