Caretakers of Abraham Lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site , even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the U.S. Civil War president 's assassination . For the state that calls itself the ` Land of Lincoln , ' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis and Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists . He would roll the agency into another department . What 's more , the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of National Geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby . ' Landmark : In this Feb. 12 , 2015 file photo , Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner participates in ceremonies honoring President Abraham Lincoln at the Lincoln tomb in Springfield , Illinois . Leader : A marker is seen over the burial site of Abraham Lincoln inside Lincoln 's tomb within Oak Ridge Cemetery -LRB- November 2013 file photo -RRB- . Killing : President Lincoln was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth at a performance of the play ` Our American Cousin ' in April 1865 . Recounting the route of Lincoln 's funeral train to Springfield for burial , historian Adam Goodheart describes the tomb as ` a disappointment ' and reconstructed in ` incongruous Art Deco style . ' ` It 's strange to think that there is a place where Lincoln still physically exists in the world , let alone that it 's a place like this , ' writes Goodheart , who is director for Washington College 's Center for the American Experience in Maryland . Goodheart 's publicist did n't immediately return a request for comment . The hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced , and it 's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $ 1.1 million funding for sites in the Springfield area . On Tuesday -- the 150th anniversary of John Wilkes Booth 's shooting of Lincoln , although the president was pronounced dead the following day -- Joan Boatz and a group of former bridge club friends found the tomb 's iron door locked , despite a sign saying the site should be open at that time . Chris Wills , spokesman for the Historic Preservation Agency , said the correct times when the site is open are posted on its website . Pam VanAlstine , president of the Lincoln Monument Association , said she 's deeply concerned about what more cuts might mean for the Lincoln site . ` We 're all scared to death , ' said VanAlstine , who also serves as a volunteer tour guide . ` We do n't know how things are going to be run . ' She and other supporters of how Lincoln 's final resting place is presented to the public said the National Geographic portrayal was unfair . Remembered : Tourists walk out of Abraham Lincoln 's tomb and past a bust of Lincoln statue -LRB- November 2013 file photo -RRB- . Shrouded in history : Caretakers of Abraham Lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site -LRB- February 2014 file photo -RRB- . ` The author of the piece is certainly entitled to feel underwhelmed by the tomb 's interior , but I think it 's safe to say he 's in the minority , ' Wills said . According to the State Historic Preservation Agency , the tomb and its receiving vault have seen more than $ 2.5 million in recent repairs and renovations , leaving it in what Wills describes as ` excellent physical condition . ' The tomb 's interior plaster and paint , and bronze and marble construction were renovated last year , and its interior lighting was upgraded for approximately $ 730,000 . The state is currently working on waterproofing the receiving vault , repairing the stone structure 's interior , and landscaping to direct water away from the vault , a roughly $ 390,000 project . Lincoln 's tomb was designed by Vermont sculptor Larkin Mead , who won a national contest . It was dedicated by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1874 . Originally built on what historians describe as an ` inadequate foundation , ' it was reconstructed first in 1899 , and then again in 1930 to give the public access to the interior burial chamber . Today , the tomb , a circular structure topped with an obelisk , has its interior sheathed in alternating black and tan marble and is trimmed with bronze . Hallways stretch on either side of a rotunda to the family burial chamber , where Lincoln lies below an inscription ` Now He belongs to the ages . ' William Sparks , a visitor to the outside of the tomb Tuesday who took an Amtrak train from Green Bay , Wisconsin , said he had a copy of the National Geographic story with him at his Springfield hotel , but disagreed with its conclusion . ` It 's absolutely gorgeous , ' he said of the site , even though he did n't get to see the interior of the tomb . ` I do n't get -LRB- the author 's take -RRB- at all . This is very impressive . ' Critique : The popular tourist site was pilloried in this month 's issue of National Geographic magazine as having ` all the historical character of an office lobby ' -LRB- April 2013 file photo -RRB- . Lincoln 's tomb was designed by Vermont sculptor Larkin Mead , who won a national contest . It was dedicated by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1874 -LRB- November 2013 file photo -RRB- .