Audio of a woman 's cell phone call to 911 -- in which she said she 'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her -- has been released . The unidentified woman 's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News . The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland , Colorado , police there said in a news release . In the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' 911 , what 's the address of the emergency ? ' ` I do n't know . I 'm locked in a trunk , ' the woman said . Scroll down for video . Scene : A woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at this Loveland , Colorado , shopping center on Thursday before she was later locked inside her trunk . At one point , the woman told the dispatcher ` I went to get some dinner ... and someone came up to me and he had a gun . ' Loveland police said in the release ` a woman in Estes Park -LSB- ... -RSB- had reported being forced into her own car -LRB- a blue 2013 Hyundai sedan -RRB- and abducted by a man at the Thompson Valley Towne Center parking lot in Loveland . ` She said that she was forced to drive her own car to an area just outside Estes Park and was then locked in the trunk of the car . ' During the call , the dispatcher asked the woman ` Are you still moving ? ' The woman answered ` No , no , no , he got out . ' ` He got out ? And you 're not moving now ? ' the dispatcher asked . ` No . Is there anything I can do to get out ? ' the woman asked . Rescue : Estes Park officers responded and got the woman out after finding her car keys , according to authorities . Search : The Loveland Police Department said ` We do not have a description of the man reported to have committed this act ' Loveland police said that Estes Park officers responded and got the woman out , after finding her car keys . Authorities said the woman told them she was n't hurt . Though about sixteen people with the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office and the Estes Park Police Department scoured the scene , they ` were unable to locate a suspect , ' police said . Loveland police said tips can be called in to Detective Henry Stucky , by dialing 970-962-2032 .