Four years after signing for Arsenal , Wellington Silva has finally received clearance to make his Gunners bow after being granted a Spanish passport . He signed for Arsenal in January 2011 from Fluminese for a fee of £ 3.5 million but has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . But all that changed late on Tuesday , as the Brazilian jubilantly revealed on Twitter that he has been awarded Spanish nationality , complete with a picture of his passport . Wellington Silva has finally received clearance to make his Arsenal bow , four years after signing for the club . Wellington Silva put a picture on Twitter of his Spanish passport , which means he can finally play for Arsenal . Wellington -LRB- left -RRB- competes with Isco of Real Madrid for possession while playing for Almeria . Wellington can play as a winger or second striker , boosting Arsenal 's attacking options with his versatility . Wellington has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for Arsenal . ` The good thing is slow in coming , but arrives with the greatest satisfaction in the world . Spanish nationality !! ' Wellington tweeted . His passport means he can now freely play for any team in the European Union . The 22-year-old initially impressed Arsenal on trial in 2008 , scoring four times . He has gone on to play for Brazil Under 21s and scored a stunning winner in the 2-1 victory against China in November last year . He will provide another versatile attacking option to Wenger 's team , as he can operate as a winger or second striker . Wellington can now link-up with Arsene Wenger and Arsenal for pre-season and the 2015-16 campaign . Wellington celebrates scoring against Cordoba during his loan spell at Murcia . Wellington will see out the season at Almeria , where he has already made 16 appearances for the club who are embroiled in a survival battle in La Liga . The Spanish league side are the fifth team he has been on loan to while his work permit issues have needed resolving . Wellington has also played at Spanish sides Levante , Alcoyano , Ponferradina and Murcia . He will look to use the experience gained from those loan tenures to break into Arsene Wenger 's thinking upon his eventual arrival for the 2015-16 campaign .