The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam , while Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic . But who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in Georgia over the next four days ? Here , Sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of The Masters WAGS . Alexis Randock - Rickie Fowler . Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during The Masters par three contest on Wednesday . The American golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold digger by an internet troll . Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since 2014 and she caddied for him on Wednesday . Fowler and Randock wait near the first tee ahead of the opening round of The Masters on Thursday . Paulina Gretzky - Dustin Johnson . Dustin Johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky since 2013 and the pair had a son together in January this year . Gretzky , 26 , who featured on the front cover of Golf Digest in May 2014 , is the daughter of former ice hockey star Wayne . Dustin Johnson is engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky . Lindsey Vonn - Tiger Woods . Lindsey Vonn is a four-time world champion alpine ski racer and won gold at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver . In 2013 it was announced that Vonn and Woods were dating and the pair can often be seen supporting each other at their respective sporting events . Toger Woods ' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn joined him during the par three contest at Augusta on Wednesday . Used to going down a slope Vonn navigates her way up the hill during the par three contest . Kirsty Gallacher - Martin Kaymer . Kirsty Gallacher is best known for presenting Sky Sports News and is also the daughter of former Ryder Cup captain Bernard Gallacher . It was first reported that Martin Kaymer was romantically involved with the television personality in November last year after splitting from rugby player husband Paul Sampson . Kirsty Gallacher presents from Augusta National for Sky Sports News on Wednesday . Amy Mickelson - Phil Mickelson . Phil Mickelson has been married to wife Amy since for 19 years after the pair met at Arizona State University in 1992 . They have three children together . Phil MIckelson has been married to wife Amy for almost 20 years . Kristin Stape - Graeme McDowell . Graeme McDowell married his interior designer wife Kristin Stape in 2013 and the pair had their first child last year . They met after McDowell hired Stape 's company to carry out work on his home . Graeme McDowell and his interior designer wife Kristin Stape met after he hired her to do work on his home . Diane Donald - Luke Donald . Luke Donald has been married to wife Diane since 2007 and have three daughters . They met at Northwestern University in Evanstown , Illinois in the nineties . Luke Donald has been married to wife Diane since 2007 . Jillian Stacey - Keegan Bradley . Jillian Stacey is the long-term girlfriend of Keegan Bradley and she played the part of caddy for the American during the par three contest on Wednesday . Jillian Stacey caddied for long-term boyfriend Keegan Bradley during the par three contest on Wendnesday . Annie Verret - Jordan Spieth . Jordan Spieth and Annie Verret are childhood sweethearts after the pair started dating in high school . Verret does charitable work . Annie Verret and Jordan Spieth have been dating since high school . Angie Watson - Bubba Watson . Bubba Watson has been married to wife Angie since 2004 . Bubba met 6ft 4in Angie when the pair were at the University of Georgia together - he was on the golf team while she played basketball . Bubba Watson met wife Angie at university when she was on the basketball team .