Soloman Bygraves , who has been jailed for 30 months for mugging a pensioner by knocking him to the ground and taking his wallet . A thug has been jailed for mugging a frail pensioner who was knocked to the ground for £ 5 after he asked the courts to lock him up for a ` long time ' . Solomon Bygraves , 29 , was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans in the entrance to his block of flats in central London as he returned from a shopping trip . Shocking CCTV footage played at Southwark Crown Court , showed Bygraves following Mr Evans into the communal entrance of the flat . He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping , but instead snatched his wallet and knocked Mr Evans to the ground . The pensioner was then left lying in the entrance to the flats in Soho , central London for ten minutes after the attack on January 31 . Today , the court heard how Bygraves , who at more than six foot , towered over his victim , targeted the elderly man because he was frail and old . In a victim impact statement , Mr Evans , said : ` I believe that the man who robbed me should be punished for attacking a 93 year-old pensioner . ` He should not abuse his strength . He tried to con me by offering to help me with my bags , I believe purely to get into the block of flats to rob me . ` I believe the public would be served for him to be in prison for a long time for his cowardly attack . ' The pensioner described how he suffered an injury to his left shoulder and struggled to get up from the floor following the attack . He added : ` I was in pain for three weeks and am still suffering now . ` I was left on the floor after the robbery and could n't get myself up for nearly ten minutes due to the pain and shock . Due to my age I found it very difficult to get up . ` I 'm independently minded and determined not to allow this to change how I live or where or when I go out . ' Bygraves , who is homeless and has 21 convictions for 49 offences , had his head in his hands as the sentencing hearing began . Southwark Crown Court was shown the moment pensioner Stanley Evans was targeted by Bygraves at the entrance to his flat in Soho , Central London . Richard Sedgwick , prosecuting , said Mr Evans was 92 at the time of the attack . He explained : ` Mr Bygraves is an exceedingly large man . There appears to be some evidence of targeting - the age and the size difference point to that . ` Mr Evans presents as an easy victim . ' Outlining the attack , he added : ` Mr Evans is returning to his block of flats with his shopping . He is 92 years-old . ` The defendant follows him in behind him . There is a conversation . Mr Evans recalls it as being about visiting a friend inside the block of flats and helping him with his shopping . In a victim impact statement , Mr Evans , pictured , told the court that he wanted his attacker locked up for a long time to protect the public . ` Mr Evans then waits for a lift . The defendant returns , accosts him , takes Mr Evans ' wallet from him causing Mr Evans to fall to the floor where he is unable to rise from for some time . ' The pensioner eventually managed to get to his feet and return to his flat where he called 999 . John Riley , for Bygraves , said the mugger had been recently diagnosed with a ` bi-polar condition ' and was coming down from class A drugs when he assaulted Mr Evans . Bygraves also had 21 convictions for 49 offences , including three robberies and a history of drug misuse and mental health issues . He was also on bail for a ` domestic matter ' in Norwich . But the judge , Recorder Andrew Mitchell QC , said Mr Evans could have died in the attack and ordered Bygraves to serve as minimum of 15 months . The judge told Bygraves , pictured , that Mr Evans could have easily died when he pushed him over for his wallet . He said : ` The victim in the case could easily have died , not through any other reason than just snatching something from him , and causing him therefore to fall down , and he could have just gone at that age . ` You followed him into the lobby where he was trying to get into the lift . You snatched from his pocket his wallet which contained between £ 5 and £ 10 . As a result of you forcibly taking it from him he fell over . You knew he was falling over as you ran away , you left him on the ground . ` In his victim impact statement Mr Evans says he injured his shoulder when he fell on the floor and spent ten minutes in pain and shock which he found difficult to recover from . ` But he is a determined , independent man and he refuses to be affected by it . ` It may have been unplanned but it was opportunistic . You saw your victim and followed him in to somewhere where you had no right to be . The assault happened as the pensioner was waiting for a lift to his flat in Ingestre Court in central London . ` You pleaded guilty at the first opportunity and there is clear evidence of remorse . You have a drug addiction . You asked in your letter that you be spared jail but you described yourself it was a most horrible horrific and shameful crime . I am sure you know for this reason you have to go to jail . ' Dressed in a blue hoodie and black trousers , the scruffily bearded Bygraves , of no fixed address , showed no emotion as he was taken away . The judge also praised Mr Evans and his comments in his victim impact statement . He added : ` This was a 92 year-old man going about his business . ` It was a remarkable victim impact statement . It is commendable , it shows a man of independence and maturity and understanding and appreciation . '