Genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of Hillary Clinton and she is in fact linked to a poor Welsh mining family , an expert claimed . As she kicks off her bid to enter the White House , Hillary Clinton could claim that her path to the presidency began some 160 years ago in the little-known Welsh parish of Ystradyfodwg -- if she can pronounce it , that is . For while the US Democrat has previously spoken of her British ancestry , a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining community in the Welsh Valleys . Ystradyfodwg , pronounced Ust-rady-vod-ug , was the home of Mrs Clinton 's great grandmother - a woman who showed a determination , similar to that of the former First Lady , to struggle through poverty and eventually emigrate to America with her family . In fact Mrs Clinton 's steely resolve to get to the White House and make history as the first female president , can be seen in the actions of her female ancestors , who even defied social conventions through the years . US genealogy expert Megan Smolenyak has traced Mrs Clinton 's roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg , a small community in south Wales . It is named after Dyfodwg , or Tyfodwg , a sixth century Welsh saint who some believe may have been a Breton Monk . The district , known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty , has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda . Mrs Clinton 's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil in the Welsh Valleys , and from an early age supported her widowed mother . Official records show she was working as a servant by the age of 12 but in reality she may have been working even earlier . Ms Smolenyak said : ` Born around 1850 in Merthyr Tydfil -- at that time , the largest town in Wales -- she -LSB- Mary Griffiths -RSB- can be found in the 1851 census living with her widowed mother and three older siblings . ` Fatherless by the age of one , Mary Griffiths had already been dealt a tough hand . ' Scroll down for video . She went on to marry William Jones , a coal miner from Neath , in 1871 and the couple settled in Ystradyfodwg . In a bid for a better life the family made the lengthy journey via Ellis Island to Scranton in Pennsylvania , another mining district where they would continue their trade in the early 1880s . Shortly after they arrived Hannah Jones was born , sometime between 1882 and 1883 . Mary Griffiths Jones continued as the head of the family , her husband mostly absent . Hannah Jones was one of just four children out of 14 born who survived - an indication of the poverty her traditional mining family lived in . Mrs Clinton 's grandparents Hannah Jones -LRB- left -RRB- and Hugh Rodham eloped to wed in Binghampton , New York , and are pictured with their granddaughter , former First Lady Hillary Clinton . It was in America that Hannah Jones - who was to become Mrs Clinton 's grandmother - met Hugh Rodham , part of the Rodham family who had travelled to America two years earlier from Northumberland . But the circumstances of their marriage reveal the poverty the Jones family endured and the wide social gulf between the Rodhams and Joneses at that time . The pair eloped to Binghampton in New York to get married - a place akin to Gretna Green where people would often go to wed because regulations were less strict . Hannah Jones ' family hailed from a poor mining district which is now part of Rhondda in Wales . Mrs Clinton 's family were from Ystradyfodwg , close to Neath and Merthyr Tydfil , and now part of Rhondda . From the family histories of the Jones and Rodham families , it appears the pair may have been forced to elope because the Rodhams were unlikely to have approved of their son marrying a woman from such a poor family when they had managed to become moderately wealthy after emigrating to America . Ms Smolenyak revealed that the Jones family were all miners while the Rodhams - who were to become Hannah Jones ' in-laws - had left the trade after arriving in the US , and one even became a physician . Ms Smolenyak said : ` When Hugh Rodham found himself smitten with Hannah Jones , he had fallen for a girl who was regarded as being from `` the wrong side of the tracks . '' Mrs Clinton announced she was running for president last week and toured the Whitney Brothers factory . If Hillary Clinton is successful she could make history as the first female president of the United States . ` If he had n't been bold enough to wander across the state line to marry his sweetheart , Hillary 's father would n't have born , erasing her from the scene . ` And if -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Rodham Clinton recalls her grandmother Hannah as a strong-willed woman who `` ruled everyone within her reach , '' it may have been a reflection of her determination to escape the circumstances that left her the sole survivor of her birth family of 16 by her early forties . ' Hannah Jones Rodham , frequently described by Mrs Clinton as a ` strong willed woman ' gave birth to Mrs Clinton 's father Hugh E Rodham in 1911 and died in 1952 when Mrs Clinton was just five . 1850s - Mary Griffiths born in Merthyr Tydfil in Wales to poor family . 1851 - Miss Griffiths was living with her widowed mother and three siblings in Wales and by the age of 12 was working as a slave . 1871 - Miss Griffiths married William Jones , a coal miner from Neath near Swansea . They settled in Ystradyfodwg , near Merthyr Tydfil . 1880 - The Joneses moved to Scranton . 1882-1883 - Hannah Jones was born , one of 14 children - of which only four survived . 1902 - Hannah Jones eloped to Binghampton to marry Hugh S Rodham . He had been born in Northumberland and travelled to America with his family where he met Hannah Jones . 1911 - Hugh E Rodham born to the couple in Scranton , Pennsylvania . 1942 - Hugh E Rodham married Dorothy Howell Rodham , originally from Chicago . 1947 - Hillary Rodham , the eldest of the couple 's three children was born . She later went on to marry Bill Clinton . 1952 - Hannah Jones Rodham dies , when Hillary is just five years old . The account appears to be the first definitive family tree for Mrs Clinton which traces her Welsh roots to an area of the Valleys . Previous versions appear to have been drawn incorrectly due to a mix-up over her grandmother . Ms Smolenyak claimed she discovered a key flaw in how genealogists previously compiled Mrs Clinton 's family tree in misidentifying Hannah Jones . She said the mistake was made after two children of the same name were born in Scranton in Pennsylvania between 1882 and 1883 , and experts previously ` latched onto ' the incorrect Hannah Jones . Ms Smolenyak discovered the error while doing research for a piece about Mrs Clinton for Irish America and managed to trace the correct woman using marriage records and obituaries . She identified a woman born shortly after her family arrived in the US in the 1880s , Hannah Jones , who then went on to marry Hugh Rodham in 1902 . The revelations come after Mrs Clinton herself appeared to make a mistake regarding her ancestry last week when she suggested all her ancestors were immigrants . She was later forced to correct the error after it was proven that Hannah Jones was born in the US in the 1880s .