Iran 's Revolutionary Guards ` harassed ' a US-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors , it has emerged . The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz , Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said . News of the first incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week , by firing warning shots across the vessel 's bows . ranian patrol vessels fired warning shots across the bridge of the Marshall Islands-flagged cargo vessel the Maersk Tigris Tuesday morning and seized it for trespassing just days after it had ` harassed ' another ship . In the April 24 incident , four Iranian patrol boats with the country 's elite Revolutionary Guards ` harassed a US-flagged merchant ship called the Maersk Kensington ' as it moved along an established shipping route , said Mr Warren . The Iranian vessels ` followed her for approximately 15 to 20 minutes in actions the ship master of the Kensington interpreted as aggressive , ' he said . The American military was not involved in the incident and the Kensington 's captain later filed a report with the US Navy describing the event . Just four days later , Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship , the Maersk Tigris , to Iran 's Larak Island after firing warning shots across the bows and boarding the vessel . Iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with Denmark 's giant Maersk group , which chartered the vessel to ferry cargo in the region . When it was intercepted , the Tigris was traveling on an international shipping route within Iran 's territorial waters . ` It 's difficult to know exactly why the Iranians are behaving this way , ' Warren said . ` We call on them to respect all of the internationally established rules of freedom of navigation , the law of the sea to which they are a signatory and other established protocols , ' he said . The 52,600-ton container ship was built in 2014 and is managed by Singapore-based Rickmers Ship Management . Iranian sources have seized the cargo ship and claim they had a legal order following a dispute . In a statement , the Iranian Port and Maritime Organisation said the Maersk Tigris was intercepted ` upon a legal order ' and transferred to Shahid Bahonar port in southern Iran . Officials claimed the order was issued following a ` long running commercial dispute ' with Maersk . The ruling was ` based on a lawsuit by a private company called Pars Talayieh Oil Product company -LRB- Golden Pars Oil Products -RRB- against Maersk ship company , ' it said . They said the ship can only be released following a judicial ruling . Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , speaking at New York University , said a lawsuit was filed against the ship 's owners between 15 and 16 years ago over an undelivered cargo . ` It has gone through court proceedings in Tehran based on what I hear from the lawyer . The final decision by the court is that the ship 's owners are supposed to pay damages , ' he said . Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television station reported earlier the vessel was US-flagged , but it has since emerged that the cargo ship is registered in the Pacific island nation and had no Americans aboard . The semi-official Iranian news agency Fars also reported that Iran took control of the MV Maersk Tigris for ` trespassing ' on its territorial waters . Warren said the cargo ship 's master had initially refused an Iranian order to move further into Iranian waters , but after the warning shots were fired the cargo ship complied . The vessel was then boarded by Iranians , but no one has been injured and no Americans are involved . Detained : A map of the vessel 's route shows that it abruptly changed course in the Strait of Hormuz this morning and was heading to the Iranian port on Bandfar Abbas . Warren said the cargo ship issued a distress call and US Naval Forces Central Command , based in the area , sent a US destroyer , the USS Farragut , and a P-3 surveillance aircraft to the area of the incident to monitor the situation . ` What they are doing is keeping an eye on things . They are in close enough proximity to the Maersk Tigris that they will be able to respond if a response is required , ' he added . As the US government had defense and other ties with the Marshall Islands , US officials were ` in discussion with the Marshall Islands on the way ahead , ' he said . ` The Republic of Marshall Islands has requested assistance for the release of the Maersk ship , and again , we 're in communication with them about how best to expect that outcome , ' State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . But US officials said privately that no military action was imminent . According to the ship-tracking site MarineTraffic.com , the 52,600-ton cargo vessel , which was built last year , departed from Ambarli , Turkey April 8 en route to Jebel Ali in the United Arab Emirates . Peacekeeper : A US destroyer , the USS Farragut -LRB- pictured -RRB- , and an aircraft to the area of the incident to monitor the situation . A map of the vessel 's route shows that it abruptly changed course in the Strait of Hormuz this morning and was heading to the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas . New of the seizure and action against another vessel comes amid heightened tensions in the Gulf , fuelled by the Yemen conflict and high-stakes diplomacy between Washington and Tehran over Iran 's nuclear program . In October 2012 , Maersk announced a halt to its activities in Iran after Western oil and financial sanctions were slapped on the country over its controversial nuclear program . The ship was operated by Rickmers Ship Management , with head offices in Singapore and Hamburg , and was carrying cargo for Maersk Line , the group 's shipping unit which had chartered the vessel . A spokesman for the Danish group said the Maersk Tigris does not belong to the company and it does not employ the crew . The shipping group A.P. Moeller-Maersk also said Wednesday that the crew was safe but it remained tight-lipped about any commercial dispute .