It may be another 149 days until England begin their World Cup campaign against Fiji at Twickenham , but England assistant coach Andy Farrell can already feel the excitement building across the country . Stuart Lancaster 's side will take on the South Sea Islanders in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18 at England HQ in a tournament that will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action . ` Rugby is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up , ' said Farrell . Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England . ` It 's as though the tournament is going to start in a few weeks ' time . If it 's already like it is now , I think we 'll never have seen anything like it come World Cup time . The important thing on the back of that is obviously seizing the opportunity for the legacy after it . ` I 've absolutely no doubt that this is going to be the biggest World Cup ever . You go to places like Gloucester or Exeter ; you see the buzz around the place because they know it 's coming . It 's going to be fantastic . ' England came within six points of claiming the RBS 6 Nations following their pulsating 55-35 victory against France on the final day of the championship -- as Ireland secured a second successive title on points difference . It was the fourth consecutive time that England had finished second in the championship , but Farrell saw plenty of positives with international rookies like Jonathan Joseph , Anthony Watson and George Ford impressing throughout while established campaigners such as Ben Youngs and Billy Vunipola looked rejuvenated . ` Coming into the World Cup , we 're in a great place , ' Farrell explained . ` There were a few injuries before the Six Nations and people got their opportunity . A lot of people took those opportunities . We 're fortunate now that when we pick a 31-man squad ; all these guys will have had some experience at international level . ` Not just experience , but in pressure situations like the French game for example . We 're certainly going to have a squad full of people that can certainly cope in this environment . ' The England assistant coach says England are in great shape ahead of the tournament this summer . England will begin their preparations for the tournament with a two-week training camp at Pennyhill Park in early July . The squad will then embark on a trip to Colorado in Texas for a fortnight of high-intensity training at high-altitude before returning for three warm-up games against France -LRB- twice -RRB- and Ireland prior to the tournament . England must name a 31-man World Cup squad by August 31 and Farrell admits that some tough selection calls lay ahead . ` The first train-on squad , we could pick up to 50 players . There 'll be good players disappointed that they 've not got into that squad ! ` Imagine taking it down to 31 - there 's going to be a lot of players , good players , missing out on what is dream playing in a home World Cup so it 's a big thing for us selection because you 've got to get it right ... it 's so important . ` We 're together for at least three months before the competition starts which will hopefully be seven weeks long for us so it 's a hell of a long time together so we have to make sure that we break it up . ' It does n't get any easier once the tournament begins as England will look to qualify from a group that also contains Test heavyweights Australia and Wales . England missed out on the Six Nations title despite an impressive victory against France . Farrell -LRB- right -RRB- says Stuart Lancaster -LRB- left -RRB- has some tough decisions to make in terms of selection . Home advantage may prove decisive and Farrell cites the Twickenham factor as a major fillip for his side ahead of the tournament . ` Obviously , Twickenham 's our home . It 's a bit of a fortress for us . We play very well here . The crowd always gets behind us . They are the 16th man . We 've been fortunate over the last three years . You ca n't actually nail your hat on which was the best atmosphere now because there 's been so many of them . ` The New Zealand game , all the Welsh games , the Irish games or the last game here -LRB- against France -RRB- - they 're all pretty special . Following their meetings with Fiji , Australia and Wales at Twickenham , England will play their final Pool A game against minnows Uruguay at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester . And Farrell , who was born and bred in Wigan , is thrilled that England are venturing out of the capital during the tournament . ` It 's going to be great for us to get up north because there 's a lot of northerners in our side anyway , ' Farrell added . ` It 'll be great to get back to our roots and show the people of Manchester what it 's about as well . We want to feel the buzz around the whole country behind us not just people down here . ' Farrel says the home crowd will be vital at Twickenham at the World Cup . Andy Farrell was representing England Rugby at an event hosted by QBE , the business insurance specialist and official insurance partner of England Rugby . To make a nomination and enter the QBE My Coach head to QBErugby.com .