Nobody dreams of being a step-parent says Christine Bleakley , but it 's a job she 's determined to do well for the two daughters of her fiance , footballer Frank Lamapard . Talking to The Times , the TV presenter has revealed that while a tough role to take on , dispelling old notions of the ` evil step-mother ' has now become her main goal . The 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years , and says building a bond with his children has been a careful , ` well-thought-out process . ' Scroll down for video . Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard 's two daughters Isla -LRB- on Christine 's lap -RRB- , seven , and Luna -LRB- far right -RRB- , nine . Frank and Christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the Pride of Britain Awards five years ago , and enjoying what the TV presenter has called an ` old-fashioned courtship ' Christine 's relationship with Frank 's ex-wife and the mother of his children , Spanish model Elen Rivas , has been a long-distance one , fraught with tension fuelled by Twitter rants from fiery Rivas . But that does n't appear to have prevented her from becoming very close to Luna , nine , and Isla , seven . It has n't been easy though , says the Irish TV star . ` I 'd like to think , if you asked the girls in ten years ' time , they would say that it was a well-thought-out process - I did n't meet them for a year , on purpose . ' Christine says she 's glad to have forged a close bond with Frank 's two daughters Isla -LRB- centre -RRB- and Luna -LRB- right -RRB- , but admits that it has been a slow and carefully thought-out process . ` They know I 'm their little mate . I do n't want to be their mummy . That was never even a thought , ' says TV presenter Christine of her closeness with Frank 's children from his relationship with model Elen Rivas . Wanting to be careful of disrupting their lives , Christine , who currently presents new TV series Wild Ireland , says she and Frank waited until they were sure of their long-term feelings for each other , before introducing her into their lives . But if things got off to a slow start , it seems she 's very much a permanent fixture in their world going forward . The star has a very hands-on with the two girls , who spend half the week at her and Franks home , and half the week with their mother Elen . She said : ` Frank 's away a lot , their mummy could be away , I have them on my own . It 's me going to violin recitals , me doing their homework , me doing the bathtime tonight and getting them to school in the morning - I 've grown into that and we have our own little system . ' Both Christine and Frank have expressed their desire to have children together in the past , but now say there are no current plans to have babies due to busy career schedules and a possible move to New York . Christine is currently presenting ITV show Wild Ireland , which sees her travel the west coast of her homeland . But while she 's clearly a big influence in their lives and it 's obvious that she enjoys the quality time she spends with the girls , Christine says she is very clear when it comes to the boundaries . She said : ` They know I 'm their little mate . I do n't want to be their mummy . That was never even a thought . ' And while the pair have expressed desires to have their own children in the past , the 36-year-old is keen to add that with plenty of time taken up with careers and step-children , there are no current plans to make babies of her own any time soon . Despite not wanting to be seen as a ` mummy ' replacement , Christine has said that she has a very hands-on role when it comes to looking after Frank 's two children , given that he can be away a lot for football games . Christine recently joined Phillip Schofield as a guest presenter on This Morning while Holly Willoughby is currently on maternity leave following the birth of her third child in September . But while she 's so far nailed the step-mother role and a Lampard/Bleakley wedding is slated for ` some time in the future ' , Christine says she wo n't be conforming to typical WAG traditions any time soon . Confessing the interview that she never for one minute ever imagined herself dating a footballer , the guest This Morning host says that her relationship with Frank began with ` an old-fashioned courtship . ' After meeting at the Pride Of Britain Awards in 2009 following an introduction by Piers Morgan , Christine says the pair forged a deep and meaningful bond over long distance phone calls . ` I 'd like to think , if you asked the girls in ten years ' time , they would say that it was a well-thought-out process , ' says the Irish TV star on her approach to becoming a step-mother to Frank 's daughters . As for the gimmicky style that so often comes with being a top WAG ? Forget it , says Christine . When it comes to her beauty regime , the brunette says she 's extremely low maintenance , loving nothing more than the days she kicks back with little effort in the hair and make-up department , . Botox sounds like it 's not on the menu either . When asked about facial fillers , she merely scoffed at the current craze for girls in their twenties even opting for the stuff . The TV presenter says she 'll never become a typical WAG and has a low-maintenance beauty routine . Frank Lampard 's former fiance , Spanish model Elen Rivas is known for her fiery rants about both Frank and Christine on Twitter .