Amazon has pulled a controversial computer game where players are encouraged to feed a cartoon character battling anorexia . The game is based on children 's favourite Whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl . It was marketed by SmartTouch media and sold on the Amazon and Android platforms until it was withdrawn following a string of angry complaints . Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints . If the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies . According to the game 's instructions , which have now been withdrawn : ` It 's your time to become a real hero with this new amusing game Rescue The Anorexia Girl ! ` You know , heroes are not just superheroes , flying in the skies , throwing rocks and fighting villains with supernatural powers . Anyone can be a hero , if he is willing to help others from the bottom of his heart . Start saving the day now ! ' Gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again . The game 's designers continue : ` Anorexia is a serious disease and fatal if not cured in time . When you have anorexia , the desire to lose weight becomes more important than anything else . For example a girl from new Rescue The Anorexia Girl game has started to renounce meals and even tasty cakes can not save the situation . But now you have come , brave hero and you can save her . We believe in you ! ' However , social media users reacted with horror when they first saw the game on the internet . Kelly Bradley said : ` You do n't throw air at someone with cystic fibrosis , so do n't throw food at someone with anorexia . ' Others claimed the game further stigmatised people suffering from a mental illness . Brian Cuban , who suffered from eating disorders wrote on his blog : ` The science of eating disorders is firm . They are biologically based and not a choice . Simply feeding `` anorexia girl '' is n't going to cure anything ; . ` Eating Disorders have the highest mortality rate of any mental illness . ` Games such as this play into stereotypes and stigma which could cause someone not to seek help . ' If the player missed the girl she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies , prompting complaints .