Switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed . The list is dominated by European nations , particularly those in Scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth . Britons are happier now than they were two years ago , the study found , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place . And despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation , the United States is a full 10 places below Canada , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively . Unsurprisingly the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria , Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list . Celebration : Switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy , a new study of global wellbeing has revealed . Spectacular : Icelandic citizens are now so happy that the country jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two this year , thanks in part to their well beautiful scenery -LRB- pictured -RRB- and cultural history . The 2015 World Happiness Report is the third of its kind and is edited by a team of renowned academics and analysts - among them American economist Jeffrey Sachs and head of the London School of Economics ' ` wellbeing ' programme , Richard Laynard . First published in 2012 , the study uses a range of factors to determine how happy a nation is , ranging from purely domestic perspectives - such as GDP and life expectancy figures - to how its citizens view themselves and their country within the world at large . 1 . Switzerland 6 . Finland . 2 . Iceland 7 . Netherlands . 3 . Denmark 8 . Sweden . 4 . Norway 9 . New Zealand . 5 . Canada 10 . Australia . This year 's study is the first to additionally break the statistics down by age and gender , however , with it possible for readers to find , for example , that a country ranking relatively highly overall , has a hidden population of deeply unhappy young women concerned about equal rights and pay . The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia - which are unsurprisingly also among the wealthiest on the planet too . Equally unsurprising are the countries lower at the bottom of the list - almost all of which are in the midst by bloody civil war , political unrest or crushing poverty . One surprising anomaly , however , is Palestine , which came just below the midway point in the study at number 108 , despite being ravaged by conflict . Happiness : The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia . Citizens of these countries , such as Swedish nationals -LRB- pictured -RRB- are unsurprisingly also among the wealthiest on the planet too . Fierce rivalry : Despite often mocking their northern neighbour as an inferior nation , U.S. nationals -LRB- left -RRB- are a full 10 places below Canadians -LRB- right -RRB- , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively . Low ranking : Unsurprisingly the world 's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria -LRB- pictured -RRB- Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list . The idea of assessing nations by the citizens level of happiness , rather than simply by wealth , is something promoted by the EU , who consider it a more accurate representation of the population as a whole . While many of the study 's headline findings were relatively predictable , the wellbeing test becomes far more interesting when experts being analysing the biggest rises and falls . 149 . Chad 154 . Rwanda . 150 . Guinea 155 . Benin . 151 . Ivory Coast 156 . Syria . 152 . Burkina Faso 157 . Burundi . 153 . Afghanistan 158 . Togo . Greece , which is crippled by national debt and faces an increasingly uncertain future , is by far the fastest declining nation on the list . Other European nations that suffered the worst during the global recession , such as Spain and Italy , have also plummeted in the happiness stakes . Recent economic difficulties do not guarantee a country tumbling down the rankings , however . Both Ireland and Iceland suffered financial woes towards the end of the last decade , but the wellbeing of their populations appear to have been more affected by improvements in health and social issues . In fact Icelandic citizens are now so happy that the country has jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two , pushing the world 's previously most happy nation , Denmark , down into third place thanks their country 's perceived level of generosity , as well beautiful scenery and cultural history .