Two whisky casks were given a royal seal as the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall visited a new distillery . Charles and Camilla , who are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland , were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire . But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature . Two whisky casks were given a royal seal as the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall visited a new distillery . Charles and Camilla , who are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland , were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire . The whisky from both casks will then be bottled to the benefit of the royal visitors ' charities . The couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery . They then formally opened the site , which began production in September last year , by unveiling a plaque . Described as Scotland 's first single estate distillery , the owners harvest barley from their own farm , distil and mature the whisky on the estate and use the water which runs through the land . The Duke and Duchess , who were both dressed in tartan , often visit businesses in the area as it is close to the Queen 's Balmoral estate . The couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery . Guy Macpherson-Grant , whose family own the distillery , said : ` I think it 's a tremendous honour that the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay made time in their busy diaries to come here . ` I think the Prince of Wales , who I spoke to , was tremendously impressed by the stonework , the carpentry , the tiling - the whole way the old has been made to work with the new . ` Those casks which they placed the bungs into will now be on the rack quietly maturing away . ' Described as Scotland 's first single estate distillery , the owners harvest barley from their own farm , distil and mature the whisky on the estate and use the water which runs through the land . Guy Macpherson-Grant , whose family own the distillery , said : ` I think the Prince of Wales was tremendously impressed by the stonework , the carpentry , the tiling - the whole way the old has been made to work with the new . ' They then formally opened the site , which began production in September last year , by unveiling a plaque . Earlier , Charles and Camilla visited the nearby Walkers Shortbread factory in Aberlour where they were given a tour of a new meringue-making facility . Joseph Walker founded his shortbread company in 1898 in a village bakery , and his grandchildren and great-grandchildren now run seven factories in the area . The Duke and Duchess , who were both dressed in tartan , often visit businesses in the area as it is close to the Queen 's Balmoral estate .