A mother-of-three repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend has revealed how she begged him to put her to bed so she did n't die on the floor . Joanne Bolton told how she thought she was going to die at the hands of Steven Young during the ` brutal and merciless ' seven hour long ordeal . The 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home . Joanne Bolton , pictured in hospital , did not believe she was going to survive the horrific attack that saw her knifed more than 14 times . Such was the force of the attack , that the blade of a knife being used to stab her in the head broke . But this did not end the nightmare , instead Young chose a bigger weapon and continued his violent onslaught . ` I did n't think I was going to survive and I asked him to put me to bed because I did n't want to die on the floor , ' said Miss Bolton of New Kyo , Stanley , County Durham . ` I felt euphoric , I stopped feeling the cold and had no strength left . I knew I did n't have long left . ' Miss Bolton was already fleeing from a violent relationship when she met Young and jumped at the chance to move in with him after staying in a refuge . But soon after he became possessive and violent and started using her a punchbag as he fought his own insecurities . Steven Young , pictured right , was jailed for 18 years by a judge at Newcastle Crown Court after he admitted attempted murder of Miss Bolton , pictured left , shortly after the seven hour ordeal . Miss Bolton , a former support worker , says he was using drugs and was on prescribed methadone which led to paranoia at times . But in May he exploded after she had posted a photo and message on Facebook saying she was unhappy . ` He would wind himself up to breaking point . He would say I was cheating on him but it was him cheating on me , ' she said . ` But on that day I had been outside fixing my car and had been talking to a young lad who collects scrap metal . ` He -LSB- Young -RSB- was upset because of the Facebook message . I went into the kitchen and opened a tin of tuna and he stuck a six inch knife in my head . ` The blade was sticking in my head and I thought ` oh my God , I 'm going to die ' . I could n't pull it out but he did . ` He pulled it so hard it gave me whiplash and the blade snapped on the way out and fell on the floor . He went for another big knife and he stabbed me in the back and it punctured my kidney . ` He then stabbed me twice in the chest - once in the breast and once in the lung . My lung was filling with blood , I knew I was in trouble and I was coughing up blood . The mother-of-three has been left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches to her face , arms and body . ` I did n't feel the stabs , it just felt like punches , I feel more pain in my dreams now . ` He kept telling me I was going to die and was trying to stab me in the eyes and kept lunging and stabbing me in the head and face , over and over and over again . I put my arm up to protect myself . ` He cut through the nerves , tendons , veins and ligaments above my wrist , blood spurted out . ` From my wrist it was hanging off . He then stabbed me in the thumb , I needed over 100 stitches in total . ' Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was given an 18-year sentence in February at Newcastle Crown Court . Jailing him , Judge Paul Sloan told him : ` During the attack Miss Bolton truly believed she was going to die and she has suffered profound physical and mental suffering . ` This was a particularly brutal , merciless and sustained attack that must have been truly terrifying for the victim . ` There is a significant risk to members of the public , particularly partners and former partners , of serious harm by you . ' Mum-of-three Joanne added : ` I was left in my own pool of blood and I was very cold . ` I was there for hours and then I crawled towards the fire to get warm . ` When I was on my hands and knees he took a power bar and played golf with my head . He hit me in the forehead which flung me backwards then hit me on the shoulder which fractured the bones in my shoulder blade . ' Thinking of a way out , gasping for breath , Miss Bolton persuaded Young to put her on the bed and said she had £ 20 for him to uy drugs . Miss Bolton now suffers with mild brain damage and is often scared to leave the house . On his return she begged him to call an ambulance , saying she would blame her injuries on someone else . She was in intensive care on a ventilator and was in surgery for six hours . ` I had been sterilised when I was 22 because I had real problems during my three births but somehow was pregnant during this , ' said Joanne . ` I miscarried after my shoulder operation but that plays heavy on my mind now . ` I never expected to be pregnant again , that was not supposed to happen , but I was and it survived those weeks while this was happening ' The frenzied attack has left Joanne with mild brain damage , she struggles to detect smell , has short time memory problems and is often too scared to leave the house . But now new boyfriend Brett Ritchie , 40 , of South Stanley , is helping her through her nightmare . ` Brett is different , he is patient , caring and would go to the end of the world and back for me . ` I genuinely feel I am with someone for the right reasons . ' Dad-of-six Brett said : ` She has got a lot of trust to gain back and that takes time , but I 'm willing to wait because I love her . '