The publisher of Guitar Hero is readying a comeback tour . Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year . Called Guitar Hero Live , the revamped game features a redesigned guitar , live-action actors and an online music video network . Scroll down for video . Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band , and instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors -LRB- shown -RRB- . The game will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors . During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $ 2 billion -LRB- £ 1.3 billion -RRB- in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped . The Guitar Hero revival follows last month 's tease that Rock Band developer Harmonix is bringing back its own performance series . During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $ 2 billion -LRB- £ 1.3 billion -RRB- in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped . Guitar Hero Live -LRB- redesigned guitar pictured -RRB- will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii U and mobiles . Activision hosted an event in New York last night to announce the plans , with Fall Out Boy bassist Peter Wentz and singer Vanessa Hudgens . Guitar Hero Live is a revamped version of the popular music franchise Guitar Hero . It features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band , and instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors . Guitar Hero Live will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Wii U . The full game will also be available on ` select mobile devices ' and the firm said more details would be announced soon . It will feature tracks from Fall Out Boy , My Chemical Romance , The Killers , Pierce The Veil , Skrillex , Blitz Kids , The War On Drugs and Green Day . Guitar Hero Live will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Wii U . The full game will also be available on ` select mobile devices ' and the firm said more details will be announced soon . Guitar Hero Live will feature tracks from Fall Out Boy , My Chemical Romance , The Killers , Pierce The Veil , Skrillex , Blitz Kids , The War On Drugs and Green Day . Fans in the US and Canada can pre-order the game , which also comes with the redesigned guitar , via Activision 's site for $ 99 . The game is expected to launch internationally , although details about pre-orders and a release date have n't been announced . Meanwhile , Guitar Hero TV will be a ` continuous broadcast of music videos where you and your guitar controller are the star ' , said the firm . Hundreds of videos will be available at launch spanning different genres of music , with new videos continually added to the line-up . Players will be able to play GH Live without an internet connection but GHTV is a connected mode so will need to be online . Meanwhile , Guitar Hero TV -LRB- pictured -RRB- will be a ` continuous broadcast of music videos where you and your guitar controller are the star ' , said the firm . Hundreds of videos will be available at launch spanning different genres of music , with new videos continually added to the line-up .