An extremist preacher who is suspected of radicalising Jihadi John lives in a leafy west London street and can not be deported because of his human rights . Egyptian-born Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men , who then travelled abroad to join terror groups , including JIhadi John , whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi . The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where Emwazi , who was unmasked in February as the notorious murderer in Islamic State 's ruthless propaganda videos , hung out with fellow jihadists . Now , security services are believed to be investigating al-Sibai 's influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Enwazi was a part . Scroll down for video . Egyptian-born extremist preacher Hani al-Sibai -LRB- right -RRB- is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist , including ` Jihadi John ' Mohammed Emwazi -LRB- left -RRB- . The Sunday Telegraph 's Robert Mendick and Robert Vervaik reported that it is claimed the preacher ` captivated ' a number of young Muslim men who went on to fight jihad abroad . Although it is not clear if the 54-year-old made direct contact with Emwazi , he does post radical messages on websites he runs that are reportedly very influential on young wannabe jihadists . He has also been linked to Adel Abdel Bari , another Egyptian-born jihadist and senior al-Qaeda operative . Bari and al-Sibai were close associates in London until Bari was jailed for 25 years for a series of terror plots earlier this year . And Bari 's son Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary , 25 , is well known as an aspiring rapper from west London , who is is thought to be part of Jihadi John 's network inside Islamic State . Al-Sibai recently sparked controversy when he aired his sexist comments live on air leading the female TV host to cut him off abruptly . Al-Sibai 's bank accounts and assets are subject to freezing orders by the United Nations , the UK Treasury and US Treasury . He was accused of having ` provided material support to al-Qaeda and conspired to commit terrorist acts ' in court last year - which he denied . Last year , he went to the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg in a bid to get his status as an al-Qaeda affiliate overturned as well as and allow him access to bank accounts . But despite being identified as an affiliate of al-Qaeda , al-Sibai has blocked government attempts to deport him for more than 15 years - citing his human rights . When he first claimed asylum in 1994 , he told officials he had been tortured in Egypt after acting as a lawyer for Islamist groups and was linked to the opposition Muslim Brotherhood . He was denied on national security grounds , and was jailed in 1998 pending deportation . Al-Sibai was a close associate of Egyptian jihadist Adel Abdel Bari , whose son Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary -LRB- pictured -RRB- is believed to be part of Jihadi John 's network in Islamic State . But as officials were unable to obtain the necessary assurances to guarantee al-Sibai 's safety , human rights laws mean suspects can not be deported to countries where they are at risk . So , despite being added to the UN 's al-Qaeda sanctions list ten years ago , he has temporary leave to remain in the UK . The rent on his home in Hammersmith , which is owned by a housing association and reportedly worth up to £ 1million , is paid by the taxpayer , according to The Telegraph . And while in the country , he has regularly provoked outrage with his extremist comments , notably describing the July 7 bombing as a ` great victory ' for the terror organisation . More recently , he made headlines after a female Lebanese TV presenter cut him off for making sexist comments live on air . Rima Karaki had been conducting an interview with al-Sibai on reports of Christians joining Islamic groups such as ISIS in the Middle East when the scholar went off on a historical tangent . When she urges him to return to the topic at hand , it sparked a heated argument - ultimately resulting in Ms Karaki ending the interview abruptly for his lack of respect towards her .