Isa Richardson , a well-known beggar in Maidstone , Kent , made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p . A beggar has been ordered to pay £ 20 to a 12-year-old girl after intimidating her into handing over the last 15p of her pocket money . The frightened youngster was confronted by homeless Isa Richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down , a court heard . The schoolgirl , who has not been named , told police she felt intimidated by Richardson , 46 , and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money . Richardson is a well-known character in Maidstone , Kent , who has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences . She admitted her latest offence when she appeared before magistrates in Maidstone . The court ordered her to pay £ 20 to the young victim because of the stress she was forced to endure in the incident . Richardson was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash . She told the court she was in such a desperate financial situation that she believed her only options were to either beg or shoplift . She also told the court she deeply regretted upsetting the youngster . Magistrates heard she owed £ 375 in outstanding fines and costs from previous crimes but had started receiving benefits and was looking for a job to start paying off the debt . Homeless Richardson was also given a 12-month conditional discharge . Debbie Jones , prosecuting , said she had already been convicted of similar offences twice this year . A spokesman for Maidstone Borough Council said : ` We can not comment on specific cases . ` Begging is illegal and anyone who feels intimidated should call the police on 101 or speak to a Police Community Support Officer . ' Richardson was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash . Maidstone Magistrates Court , where homeless defendant Isa Richardson was ordered to pay the youngster £ 20 after intimidating her into handing over her last 15p .