A host of the nation 's favourite stars have been announced to perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of VE Day . Status Quo , Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event . It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War , running from Friday , May 8 to Sunday , May 10 . Concert : Status Quo will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of VE Day . Members Rick Parfitt -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and Francis Rossi -LRB- right -RRB- . Katherine Jenkins will be West End star Elaine Paige , boy band Blue , r & b singer Jamelia , pop star Pixie Lott , jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe . Other stars include boy band Blue , r & b singer Jamelia , pop star Pixie Lott , jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe . The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1 , hosted by Chris Evans . The singers will be joined by four Strictly Come Dancing couples and readings from Pointless host Alexander Armstrong and Absolutely Fabulous actress Jane Horrocks . The extensive commemoration is a victory for the Daily Mail which highlighted growing concerns that the anniversary risked being overshadowed by the election on May 7 . Singer Dame Vera Lynn , the 98-year-old Forces ' Sweetheart , was among those who called on the Government to do more to mark the occasion . It is likely to be the last major anniversary which will be attended in strength by the generation that fought at home and abroad during the war . David Cameron asked Cabinet minister William Hague in February to draw up plans for three days of national commemorations and last month Chancellor George Osborne earmarked up to £ 2million in the Budget towards marking the event . The timing of the anniversary makes it even more of an extraordinary occasion , starting the day after a general election which is likely to result in another hung Parliament . The 1940s-themed concert will also include readings from Pointless host Alexander Armstrong -LRB- left -RRB- and Absolutely Fabulous actress Jane Horrocks -LRB- right -RRB- . Ministers and their shadows are likely to gather for celebrations not knowing for sure who will be in power of the country after coalition negotiations . The three-day commemoration will begin with a Service of Remembrance on VE Day -LRB- May 8 -RRB- at The Cenotaph and a national two-minute silence at 3 pm , marking the moment Winston Churchill broadcast his historic speech formally announcing the end of the war in 1945 . A chain of more 100 beacons will be lit across the country in the evening . Ahead of the star-studded concert on the Saturday , sports fans will honour the day with clapping and singing during fixtures and cathedrals are encouraged to ring their bells in celebration at 11 am . On the Sunday there will be a Service of Thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey attended by The Queen , followed by a parade to St James 's Park , where the Royal British Legion will host a lunch reception for 2,000 veterans . People across the country are encouraged to host street parties and deck out homes and community halls with bunting to recreate the celebrations of 70 years ago . Tickets for the concert ` VE Day 70 : A Party to Remember ' are on sale from 8 am today for £ 36.75 on websites Live Nation or Ticketmaster .