LeBron James dealt his former team Miami 's play-off hopes a major blow as he scored 23 points in the Cavaliers ' win over the Heat on Thursday . The Cleveland forward , who won two NBA titles with Miami before moving back to Ohio , helped his team to a 114-88 win at the American Airlines Arena . Point guard Kyrie Irving also scored 23 points while the Heat saw Dwyane Wade go down with a knee injury in the first half . Brit Luol Deng scored 17 points for Miami , but they will be nervously looking over their shoulder in the Eastern Conference at ninth-placed Boston , with whom they share the same record . LeBron James and Kyrie Irving scored 23 points apiece as the Cleveland Cavaliers won in Miami . James ' performance dealt his former team Miami 's play-off hopes a massive blow . The 30-year-old also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th placed on the NBA 's all-time scoring list . Dwayne Wade -LRB- left -RRB- hobbled off with a knee injury in a further blow to the Heat 's play-off chances . James shakes hands with his former Miami Heat team-mate Mario Chalmers . James , meanwhile , passed Patrick Ewing -LRB- 24,815 -RRB- into 20th place on the NBA 's all-time scoring list . ` It 's an honour , ' James said . ` When I was growing up and seeing these guys and you hope that one day you could play in the NBA and seeing what Pat and those guys did in the '90s with that New York Knick team . He was the cornerstone of the whole thing . ' Elsewhere , Golden State 's Harrison Barnes hit a running shot in the lane with less than a second remaining , lifting the Warriors to a thrilling 107-106 win over Phoenix . Phoenix went ahead against Golden State when Eric Bledsoe broke free for a reverse layup with less than five seconds to play , shortly after Stephen Curry had hit a three-pointer to put the Warriors in front . Harrison Barnes -LRB- right -RRB- scored the game winning shot to extend Golden State 's winning run to 11 games . Barnes drives to the basket to score the last second winning shot , much to the delight of the home fans . Barnes ' team-mates run to congratulate him after his shot as they kept their impressive winning run going . There was still time for Barnes to hit the dramatic winner and extend Golden State 's winning streak to 11 games . The Suns are now 4-1/2 games behind Oklahoma City , which is eighth in the Western Conference . Also on Thursday night , Houston won 108-101 at Dallas to move half a game ahead of Memphis in the fight for the No 2 seed in the West behind Golden State . James Harden -LRB- left -RRB- scored 24 points to help the Houston Rockets defeat Texan rivals the Dallas Mavericks . Harden scores a lay-up for the Rockets and move half a game ahead of Memphis in the race for second . James Harden scored 24 points and former Dallas guard Jason Terry hit a tiebreaking three-pointer for the Rockets . Dirk Nowitzki 's 21 points led the Mavericks , who seem destined for seventh in the West , leading Oklahoma City by 3-1/2 games .