Labour has moved two points clear of the Tories -- despite just one in three voters thinking Ed Miliband is ` capable ' . Mr Miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month . The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent , according to the pollsters Ipsos MORI . Despite Labour 's growing lead ahead with just 21 days to go until polling day , Mr Miliband 's poll ratings remain dire . Mr Miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month . The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent , according to the pollsters Ipsos MORI . Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a ` capable leader ' while just a quarter think he would be ` good in a crisis ' , according to the poll for the Evening Standard . David Cameron is seen as a better leader and is also ahead for having ` a clear vision ' for the country . But almost two-thirds of the public say the PM is n't in touch with their lives , while 75 per cent think he favours some sections of society more than others . Mr Farage has suffered another dip in his ratings , which are now almost as bad as Nick Clegg 's . Some 56 per cent are dissatisfied with him , which is his highest yet . The survey by Ipsos MORI also reveals that Ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent -- only two points ahead of the Greens . The poll comes ahead of tonight 's crunch ` Challengers ' debate in which Mr Miliband squares up against four other party leaders -- but not Nick Clegg or the Prime Minister . In other headline results from the state-of-play survey , Natalie Bennett 's Green Party has recovered support since her infamous ` brain fade ' gaffe on live radio , putting on two points to eight per cent . The Greens have pushed Clegg 's Liberal Democrats into a humiliating fifth place , down one point to seven . Labour leader Ed Miliband leaves the Methodist Central Hall in Westminster after paying a short visit ahead of tonight 's Live TV debate . The lecterns which will be used in the Election Debate between Labour Party leader Ed Miiband , Ukip leader Nigel Farage , Green Party leader Natalie Bennett , Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru Party leader Leanne Wood tonight . A poll of all the polls has Labour and the Tories neck and neck - with both parties are on 33.9 per cent . Ukip is in third place on 12.8 per cent , the party 's lowest share for more than a month . The Liberal Democrats are fourth on 7.9 per cent and the Greens are fifth on 5.4 per cent . The poll of polls is calculated using a rolling average of every nationwide poll published in the last seven days . Its figures suggest that , three weeks out from the election , the country is heading for another hung parliament , with no party likely to win the 326 seats needed to form a majority in the House of Commons . This is backed up by the latest projections of the election result . An average of current forecasts by The Guardian , the New Statesman and ElectionForecast.co.uk gives the Conservatives a one-seat lead over Labour , with the Tories winning 274 MPs and Labour 273 .