After months of speculation - and years of her friends ' doubts - Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer . With her business empire destroyed and her online community in tatters , Gibson today admitted her fatal cancer ` diagnoses ' were lies . ` No . None of it is true , ' she said , during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women 's Weekly . In the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - Gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness . ` I do n't want forgiveness . I just think -LRB- it -RRB- was the responsible thing to do . Above anything , I would like people to say , ` Okay , she 's human ' . Gibson 's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious former fans - she told Daily Mail Australia she feared for her family 's safety . Scroll down for video . Ms Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview . Ms Gibson , pictured kissing her son Olivier , 4 , on the head , said : ` None of it was true ' Her business empire in tatters and her relationship with her fans broken , Ms Gibson is thought to be struggling financially . The Women 's Weekly said she was not paid for her interview . Ms Gibson 's interview will be published in this month 's edition of the Australian Women 's Weekly . The wellness blogger was a prominent Australian social media personality . Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she ` revealed ' she had prolonger her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle . Her ` whole foods ' business became famously successful . Penguin published her recipe book and her app was to be offered on the Apple Watch . But it all fell apart last month after revelations emerged Ms Gibson had failed to fulfil promised donations to various charities . Friends then began to cast doubts about her cancer diagnoses . She then tearfully ` admitted ' she may have been ` misdiagnosed ' by a ` Dr Phil ' . The Weekly insists it did not pay for the story and that it was approached by Ms Gibson 's ` people ' , the Melbourne ` corporate advisory ' firm Bespoke Approach . Ms Gibson said her partner , Clive Rothwell , was sticking by her in spite of the controversy . But she said he had taken a ` stern ' line with her and insisted she play a straight bat . ` He 's been very stern , along the lines of , ` I just want you to acknowledge where you 've f *** ed up and try not to smooth over that , ' she was quoted saying . In the article , titled ` My Lifelong Struggle With The Truth ' , Ms Gibson also said she had been forced to raise herself from the day she started school . She said she took upon common household responsibilities , such as bringing her brother to school and making lunches . But she would not provide her mother 's name or contact details to the magazine . In her previous interview , Ms Gibson said she understood ` everyone 's anger and confusion ' . The Whole Pantry -LRB- pictured above , in cookbook form -RRB- was also a popular app . It will not appear on the Apple Watch any longer . But she took aim at many of her former fans who she believed had responded ` maliciously ' - claiming that her son 's childcare details , home address and floor plan were published online . Former friends had called upon Ms Gibson to ` come clean ' with the truth about her situation and had long privately questioned the veracity of her story . Authorities told Daily Mail Australia at the beginning of April that Ms Gibson is still facing an official investigation . A former friend of Ms Gibson directly called on her to ` come clean ' in an interview with Daily Mail Australia in March . Mother-of-two Jayme Smith , 28 , from Sydney , became a confidant of Ms Gibson 's after they met on a parenting discussion page on Facebook around 2010 . They forged an online friendship and confided over their experiences with cancer - Ms Smith having lost her mother to lung cancer in 2003 and Ms Gibson saying she had brain cancer . Ms Smith told Daily Mail Australia last month she was ` baffled ' when reports emerged this week where friends raised doubts about Ms Gibson 's medical diagnoses and charity donations . ` I am just so shocked and I feel betrayed , that we all fell so hard for the illusion that she created , ' Ms Smith said . ` It has hit all of us , who I know , -LRB- who -RRB- also know Belle , like a tonne of bricks . ' Jayme Smith -LRB- pictured left , with her two children -RRB- met Belle Gibson online and maintained a friendship over social media until they had a falling out . ` We only knew her online , but we all believed to a point that she was a genuine pioneer , who was surviving aggressive cancer . ` Belle and I talked quite a bit about my feelings about -LRB- cancer -RRB- , how she could empathise with me , the feelings I felt about my mother dying and how I 'd wished I was more responsible when it happened , that I 'd wished I had tried to explore more ideas , like Belle did . ' Ms Smith said Ms Gibson ` pushed ' - and nearly convinced her - not to vaccinate her children , but that she did not blame her for nearly making that choice , which she ` backed out of at the last minute ' . ` That was my own choice , based on information provided by Belle . I regret that choice -LRB- to nearly not vaccinate -RRB- , but it was my own . I 'm not here to place blame . ' In November 2014 , Ms Gibson told Sunday Style magazine she blamed the cervical cancer vaccine Gardasil for her cancer . She told her social media followers last year her brain cancer had spread to her blood , liver , spleen , uterus and that she did not expect to survive . After friends and medical experts cast doubt on her medical claims , Ms Gibson told The Australian she may have been ` misdiagnosed ' . ` It 's hard to admit that maybe you were wrong , ' she told the newspaper , adding that she was ` confused , bordering on humiliated ' . Ms Smith said of Belle Gibson -LRB- above -RRB- : ` If I saw Belle now , I would just ask her to tell the truth . That 's all I want '