The search for a couple , who disappeared in remote bushland in Western Australia 13 days ago , has continued with police searching disused mine shafts up to 20 metres deep . Jennie Anne Kehlet , 49 , and Raymond Keith Kehlet , 47 , were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone , some 730 km north east of Perth . The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30 km south of Sandstone in remote bushland which is popular amongst gold prospectors , Inspector Scott Morrissey told the ABC . Jennie Anne Kehlet , 49 , and Raymond Keith Kehlet , 47 , were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone , some 730 km north east of Perth . ` It is tough , remote -- it 's virgin bushland , it varies from very rocky to sandy , there 's some undulating countryside , ' he said . Inspector Morrissey added that the Kehlet 's campsite was intact , with their two vehicles , trailers and four-wheel drive quad bike parked at the site were also unharmed . Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far . No trace of the duo has been found . Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared -LRB- FLIR -RRB- equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far . ` The major hazard out there is there 's numerous old mine diggings or mine shafts , and yesterday we cleared 33 of those with specialist personnel from SES in Kalbarri and DFES personnel in Perth , ' Inspector Morrissey told the ABC . ` Those mine shafts range from 3 metres to 20 metres . ' It is unclear how many more mines will need to be searched or how well provisioned the missing couple are . Inspector Morrissey said police were hopeful but had prepared the Kehlet 's family ` to expect a poor outcome ' . ` The major hazard out there is there 's numerous old mine diggings or mine shafts , and yesterday we cleared 33 of those with specialist personnel from SES in Kalbarri and DFES personnel in Perth , ' Inspector Scott Morrissey said . Jennie is described as fair skinned , with a medium build , approximately 157cms tall , with brown hair and green eyes . Jennie was last seen wearing a yellow florescent coloured work shirt and Raymond was wearing all blue . Raymond is described as fair skinned , with a medium build , approximately 170cms tall , with brown hair and blue eyes . Police urge anyone with any information regarding the couple to them on 131 444 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .