I spoke to Carl Froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next . Needless to say , we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara . It was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas -- a fight Carl wanted . Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next . I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins , but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Carl . Carl Froch -LRB- left -RRB- has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May . Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7 lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week . There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline , Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell 's IBF world title fight against James DeGale , which is the biggest bout of this trio . Anthony Dirrell 's people have already been in touch with me about a Froch fight in the event that he wins , but I wonder if it is big enough . A fight against DeGale still feels to me like the most probable , if he comes through against Dirrell on May 23 . That is a huge fight , a proper 50-50 , but I fully believe he can do it . For me , from talking to Carl , I think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return . If does n't come back this year , I do n't think he will . He has been a year out of the ring so let 's see . I know he is going to have an eagle eye on all these fights . The possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard . He is walking around at 12st 7 lbs and in the gym four to five days a week . The guy has the hunger but it has to be for the right fight and the right money . My belief is still that it might be DeGale . DeGale has looked sensational in camp and is improving at a brilliant rate -- if he wins the title over in the US he will be in a great position . I mentioned Golovkin before . When I was on the phone to Carl he spent 20 minutes talking about the guy . He is a fighter that absolutely fascinates him ; it 's a fight that would get everyone talking . I am looking at it . It would have to be at 168 lbs and it would be special . I would n't want to be the one to find out how Golovkin punches at the weight but Carl has a sick mind like that . I 'm not going to rule that one out . James DeGale -LRB- right -RRB- has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return . Another option for Froch could be a rematch with Ward , should the American beat Paul Smith . After a disappointing couple of weeks it seems that my hopes to stage Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water . We received no offers from their side and made three of our own -- we offered a 50-50 split , a 60-40 in favour of the winner and also a £ 1.5 m guarantee to Frampton . I sent that last offer in writing to them and had no response . You ask yourself who is making these decisions ? It is life-changing money for Frampton that has been offered . Let 's hope they do n't spend the rest of their lives kicking themselves . Scott will move on and fight on July 18 . I can guarantee that in his next fight he will fight a tougher opponent than Frampton will . Scott Quigg -LRB- right , in action against Hidenori Othake -RRB- will fight on July 18 against an unnamed opponent . Carl Frampton 's team failed to make an offer to fight Quigg , according to his promoter Hearn . Hearn went live on Sky Sports to offer Frampton and his team £ 1.5 m to fight Quigg . Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham , where he will fight Rafael Zumbano Love , the South American champion . He is 6ft 4ins and this will be a good test for Anthony against a big man before he then has his 02 fight against Kevin Johnson on May 30 . We are keeping him busy , which is what he wants . I saw him in the gym this week and he is looking awesome . After the Johnson fight he will be out again on July 18 in Manchester and then in September in a big fight . Watch this space . Anthony Joshua -LRB- left -RRB- beat Jason Gavern -LRB- right -RRB- last time out and will now face Rafael Zumbano Love .