A father who is feared to have fled to Syria with his partner and four young children was a member of a banned extremist group , it was reported last night . Asif Malik , 31 , his partner Sara Kiran , 29 , their daughter Zoha , seven , and their three sons Essa , four , Zakariva , two , and Yahya , one , were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry . They left their home in Slough , Berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which is out of character , police said . Scroll down for video . Detectives have released CCTV footage of Asif Malik , 31 , his partner Sara Kiran , 29 , and their four young children , who have been reported missing from Britain , at a busy ferry port as they apparently head to Syria . Police say Mr Malik -LRB- pictured with one of his young children -RRB- had told his family he wanted to ` go and live in a Muslim country ' and the family left without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to relatives , it is claimed . Members of Mr Malik 's family tonight said they had been left ` completely devastated ' and issued a desperate plea for the six to return home . In a statement , they said : ` We are totally distraught , upset and in shock ' Police have warned that the Muslim family , who were last seen in Slough , Berkshire on April 7 , may be heading to Syria . They are pictured at Dover port before catching a ferry to Calais , France on April 8 . The family , from Slough in Berkshire , are believed to have boarded the Dover to Calais ferry just after midnight on April 8 before travelling south through Europe including to Budapest in Hungary on April 12 . Protest : Malik , seen holding the ` hands off Muslims ! ' sign , outside Regents Park Mosque last year - next to him is Abu Rumaysah who jumped bail to flee to Syria . But radical preacher Anjem Choudary said yesterday Malik was a member of the banned group Al-Muhajiroun and a ` champion for sharia ' who regularly attended the group 's demonstrations . Neighbours said the family were known to police and had been questioned on suspicion of terrorist involvement four years ago . Uniformed police waited for the family for three days before talking to them , they said . There will now be questions for police after they failed to stop a suspected extremist from slipping out of the country with his family . Choudary said Malik remained ` very influential in the community ' after Al-Muhajiroun was banned five years ago . ` Back in the day he was a member until the group was banned . He was still part of our demonstrations and lectures but I had n't seen him for a few months , ' he told The Daily Telegraph . ` Asif is a very good friend of mine . I have n't seen him for a while but from what I gather in the reports he and his family have left the country . ' He added : ` He is a very studious man , a very good Muslim character . He was always a champion for sharia and is very influential in the community . ' Choudary also criticised the Government for trying to restrict British Muslims from travelling to Syria . ` I think they want to live under sharia and escape the oppressive life they have in this country and under this government , ' he added . Asif Malik -LRB- left -RRB- , 31 , and his partner Sara Kiran -LRB- right -RRB- , 29 , were reported missing from Slough , Berkshire , after their childrenl failed to show up to school and their grandmother became worried about their whereabouts . Zoha Malik -LRB- left -RRB- , seven , and Essa Malik -LRB- right -RRB- , four , are among the family 's four children who are missing . The family were last seen on Tuesday , April 7 , and were captured on CCTV boarding a ferry from Dover to Calais on Wednesday , April 8 . They are believed to have travelled south through Europe by train and were seen in Budapest on Sunday , April 12 , before making their way to Turkey . Relatives reported them missing to police on Thursday and officers are concerned they may be seeking to travel to Syria . Last night , Malik 's family said they were ` completely devastated ' by the family 's sudden decision to leave Britain . ` All we wish for is your safe return and especially the return of the children . We are not angry with you , we are just heartbroken , ' they said in an appeal to him . Zakariya Malik -LRB- left -RRB- , two , and Yhaya Malik -LRB- right -RRB- , one , were last seen with their family in Berkshire on April 7 . Mr Malik and Miss Kiran 's last known address in Slough was in this block of flats -LRB- pictured on the left , above -RRB- . Neighbours said today that police had broken down the door on Thursday night to enter the family 's home . Thames Valley Police 's Acting Deputy Chief Constable , John Campbell , said it was a ` real concern ' they had reached Syria . ` I 'm not suggesting for one moment that they are intending to join Islamic State , ' he said . ` At the same time we know that -LSB- relatives -RSB- have voiced some concerns about the family 's intentions . There 's been a suggestion that -LSB- Malik -RSB- in the past has said that he would like to live in a Muslim state . ' Acting deputy chief constable John Campbell -LRB- pictured at a press conference in Kidlington today -RRB- said Thames Valley Police is ` extremely concerned for the safety of this family , especially the four young children ' The alarm was raised when some of the children failed to attend Claycots Primary School in Slough . Yesterday , the family 's next-door neighbour said they had been in trouble with the police four years ago . He added : ` People were saying that they were extremists and that police were listening in on their phone calls . I think they were under surveillance . ` The police sat in the stairwell for three days waiting for them . ` It 's such a shame . Those kids are now in danger because of what their parents believe in . '