West Ham manager Sam Allardyce lamented his side 's ` nerves and panic ' which saw Stoke snatch a dramatic equaliser deep into stoppage time to earn a 1-1 draw at Upton Park . The Irons looked to have done enough to battle to victory after taking an early lead through a superb free-kick by full back Aaron Cresswell . However , after seeing two efforts from Marko Arnautovic ruled out for offside and a header by substitute Mame Diouf hit the post , the visitors snatched a deserved point five minutes into stoppage time when the Austrian winger crashed the ball into the far corner . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce was left disappointed after seeing his concede late on against Stoke . Allardyce will be scratching his head as to how he can help his side hang on to slender leads . West Ham remain in top 10 despite their late slip-up . West Ham remain in the top 10 , but Allardyce knows their position should have been much more comfortable after witnessing yet another late capitulation from a positive position . ` You have to give Stoke a bit of credit , but from our point of view , we did not play as well as we can , ' said Allardyce , who revealed striker Diafra Sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines with a thigh injury . ` It was not about us playing well or not , it was about winning and we had got ourselves into a fantastic position . ` When you are less than 30 seconds away from winning the game and you do n't , that is the ultimate blow . ` We are very nervous on that stage based on what happened before . ` We should be on 50 points now , we have thrown away seven points in two minutes or less over four games . ` We cant find the right key elements to see the game out and leave ourselves on a nervous edge by having a little bit of panic in what we are trying to do which is coping with the opposition when they have to take more risks , playing more direct . Stoke celebrate after Marko Arnautovic 's equaliser during the dying stages of the Premier League clash . Aaron Cresswell , pictured with West Ham team-mate Mark Noble , had put his side in the lead . ` While it was a very good goal , we should have dealt with it and kept possession better , using your intelligence to make sure you are doing it . ' Allardyce added : ` If we had concentrated better in those -LRB- last -RRB- minutes , we would be sitting on our greatest total and finish ever in the -LRB- Premier -RRB- League . ` Instead we are scratching our heads on when are we going to finish a game out again . I thought we were going to do it today , but finished miserably in the end over just a few seconds . ' Allardyce is out of contract in the summer , with the club 's owners yet to decide in which direction they want to take West Ham ahead of their move to the Olympic Stadium . The 60-year-old , though , intends to remain professional in his approach over the final matches of a campaign which had earlier promised so much . ` It depends on what you say . Do you say what is the overall season like ? It should be 50 points , it should be very , very good . It is small margins of victories to draws and draws to defeat , ' Allardyce added . ` In the judgement at the end of the season , or if not what happens before that , then we talk about what we are doing going forwards . ` We are still on course to beat the best points record we have had , but we are making it hugely difficult for ourselves now when we really should be coasting instead of looking forward to every game we are playing . ' Allardyce has revealed star striker Diafra Sakho is expected to be out for an estimated two to three weeks . Senegal forward Sakho limped off in the second half , and if the problem proves serious , he might not recover before the end of the campaign . Allardyce said : ` If it is a grade one off the scan , then it could be two to three weeks , if it is more , then you would be lucky to see him again this season , which is a massive blow but we have to deal with it . ' Stoke boss Mark Hughes felt his side had done more than enough to end a run of three straight defeats . ` We are thankful for small mercies , because we did not think we were going to get what we deserved , ' he said . ` I thought we totally dominated the game and should have won it by a country mile . ` We had the setback from the great free-kick early in the game , and it is difficult when you are the away side to come back . ` We showed great resilience and stuck at it , trying to create things , but just lacked that bit of quality at the top end . ` If one of our disallowed goals had counted , I think we would still have had time to go on and win the game . ` We want to better last season 's total and are determined now to get something out of all of the matches we have left . '