A Banksy mural painted on the only remaining piece of a bombed out house in Gaza could be reunited with the homeless owner who claims he was duped into selling it for just $ 200 . Gaza police have seized the work ` under a court order ' from Bilal Khaled , who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value . The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were ` tricked ' into parting with the valuable collector 's item by the world famous street artist . Scroll down for video . The Niobe mural has been seized from Bilal Khaled , accused of buying the work painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value . It is now being held at Khan Yunis public library . The mural painted on the Darduna family 's door -LRB- left -RRB- and the doorway of the ruined house after it was sold . At the end of February , the artist , who chooses to remain anonymous , released an online video showing three works he painted on the walls of Gaza homes destroyed in Israeli air strikes . The disputed graffiti shows Greek goddess Niobe weeping on a metal doorway which was all that remained standing of the Darduna family home . Khaled said it ` will be stored at Khan Yunis public library until this issue is resolved ' . Rabie Darduna confirmed this to AFP , adding that the family ` has filed a complaint against Bilal Khaled for fraud and to demand justice in retrieving the graffiti ' . Khaled countered : ` I 'm going to exercise my rights over this graffiti because I have the paperwork to prove that I own it . ' The elusive Banksy produced the artwork during a secret visit to Gaza that was blasted in a summer war last year between Israel and the Hamas movement that runs the territory . It is now the focus of an increasingly bitter dispute between the Dardunas and Khaled . Rabieh Darduna , 33 , earlier told AFP he had been approached by a young man calling himself Bilal Khaled and claiming to be a news agency photographer and journalist . The remains of the Darduna family home east of Jabalia , in the northern Gaza Strip . A Palestinian boy stands in the doorway that previously held the Banksy mural of weeping godess Niobe . A photographer takes a picture of the mural . The man who bought it claims he has paperwork to prove he owns it , but the Darduna family say they feel cheated by the sale . ` He said it was his agency that had painted the graffiti on the door and other doors , and that they now wanted to recover them , ' Darduna said . ` He gave me 700 shekels -LRB- around $ 200 -RRB- and went off with the door . ' Darduna said he later felt cheated for letting the door go for so little when collectors have paid more than a million dollars for a Banksy . The artist 's works were seen as a damning critique of Israel 's bombardment of Gaza as it battled Hamas , destroying or damaging more than 100,000 homes and killing nearly 2,200 Palestinians , most of them civilians . Banksy 's murals also include a giant cat painted on the last remaining wall of a Gaza home playing with a ball of twisted metal . The artist 's online video about his trip to Gaza was entitled ` Make this the year YOU discover a new destination ' . Banksy is believed to have started out as a graffiti artist in London , although his identity remains shrouded in mystery . His murals have been chiselled out of walls and sold for large sums in the past .