More than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland , with a taskforce set up to probe live-baiting in the state now investigating the grim find . At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area , near Bundaberg , on Tuesday . A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating . RSPCA spokesman Michael Beatty says it 's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry . ` The indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . But that 's really all we know , ' Beatty told Fairfax media . At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area , near Bundaberg , on Tuesday , with the RSPCA . Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow . ` The indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . But that 's really all we know , ' an RSPCA spokesperson told Fairfax media . ` Unfortunately as I think most people would be aware , there 's always been a lot of wastage in the greyhound industry . ' Police said it was unclear how long the dogs ' bodies had been there , but confirmed they were found in various states of decomposition . There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said . They 're appealing for anyone with further information to come forward and are expected to address the media on Thursday . Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller expressed her outrage on Twitter after the discovery . ` Absolutely sickened that @QPSmedia and @RSPCAQLD have found the remains of 55 greyhounds . Animal cruelty in Qld wo n't be tolerated , ' she wrote . There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said . The taskforce was established to investigate the use of live baiting using possums , rabbits and piglets to train competitive greyhounds . It came after an ABC Four Corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals . So far , five people have been charged with a total of 23 offences in the state . An independent review headed up by barrister Alan MacSporran SC is also being conducted into the practice . It 's expected to be completed in about three months ' time . This review aims to find out how widespread the use of live baiting is in Queensland , and how it could go undetected for so long . An ABC Four Corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals .