Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht 's clash with Gloucester on Friday night - with TV cameras capturing the moment he was hauled away by police following the game . Muliaina , who earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup , signed for Connacht at the beginning of the season and has made 11 appearances for the Irish province so far . Moments after his side 's 14-7 loss at Kingsholm , the Kiwi veteran was led away to a police van with the entire incident broadcasted live on TV . Connacht full-back Mils Muliaina makes a run during his side 's Challenge Cup match against Gloucester . Muliaina is led away by police following his side 's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on Friday night . The former All Black was arrested at Kingsholm and then led to a police van where he was detained . Muliaina 's arrest was captured live on Sky Sports following the Challenge Cup quarter-final . Muliaina , who announced this week that he would be moving to Italian club Zebre next season , started at full-back against the Cherry and Whites playing 35 minutes before withdrawing with a leg injury just before half-time . Details of the alleged incident are yet to be confirmed but Muliaina was in action for Connacht against Cardiff on March 6 in a Guinness Pro12 clash at the Cardiff Arms Park . A spokesman for Gloucestershire Police said : ` A man in his 30s was arrested at Kingsholm Stadium on Friday 3rd April on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in Cardiff in March . ` The man has been handed over to officers from South Wales Police who are investigating the incident . ' Connacht released a statement late on Friday night stating : ` Connacht Rugby can confirm that player Mils Muliaina is currently assisting the South Wales Police with enquiries relating to an alleged incident in Cardiff in March of this year . As this is a legal matter , Connacht Rugby will be making no further comment at this time . Muliaina earned 100 caps for New Zealand and retired following the 2011 World Cup on home soil . A powerful and skillful full-back , Muliaina made his Test debut when he appeared as a replacement in New Zealand 's 15-13 loss to England in Wellington . The Samoa-born player quickly established himself as first-choice No 15 featuring in the subsequent Tri-Nations series and the 2003 World Cup . Muliaina was ever-present in the black jersey for the next few seasons and played a starring role in the All Blacks side that demolished the British and Irish Lions 3-0 in the 2005 series . The former Waikato Chiefs three-quarter was part of the New Zealand outfit which crashed out of the 2007 World Cup following a shock quarter-final loss to France at the Millennium Stadium . Israel Dagg 's emergence seemed to spell the end of Muliaina 's All Blacks career but he still made it to his third World Cup campaign in 2011 and played his final Test against Argentina in the quarter-final in Auckland winning his 100th cap in the process . A shoulder injury put an end to his tournament , however , as his country went on to lift the William Webb Ellis trophy . A two-year spell playing with NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes in Japan followed before he returned for second stint with the Chiefs back in New Zealand . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .