The teenager who was famously pictured in a bloodied state in his mugshot after he sexually abused an 11-year-old boy and was beaten unconscious by the child 's father has been jailed for 25 years . Raymond Frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in Daytona Beach , Florida , last July . After Frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . The photo was quickly shared thousands of times online . Now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 . Scroll down for 911 tape . Jailed : Raymond Frolander , 18 , who was beaten unconscious by a furious father after sexually abusing his 11-year-old son , has been sentenced to 25 years in prison . Above , the convict is pictured in court on Thursday . Bloodied : After Frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . The photo -LRB- above -RRB- was quickly shared thousands of times online . Wearing an orange jail jumpsuit , Frolander showed little emotion as he agreed to a plea deal in a bid to avoid a mandatory life sentence on Thursday , the Daytona Beach News-Journal reported . Speaking outside court , the child 's 35-year-old father - who is not being named to protect the identity of the victim - said the sentence would give his son 's attacker the chance to reflect on his actions . ` He 's going to learn in the next 25 years why I let him live , ' he told reporters , according to WFTV . The youngster 's grandmother added that the plea deal means her grandson will not have to go through the psychological trauma of a trial , saying : ` He just needs to learn to trust again . ' As part of the deal , Frolander , who had been molesting the boy for years , will be listed as a sexual predator , be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his release . On the night of the attack , the child was apparently playing video games with Frolander and some friends . However , after the others left , the defendant took him to a back room , the boy told police . Father : Speaking outside court , the child 's 35-year-old father -LRB- pictured -RRB- - who is not being named to protect the identity of the victim - said the sentence would give his son 's attacker the chance to reflect on his actions . Plea deal : Frolander -LRB- pictured alongside his attorney on Thursday -RRB- showed little emotion as he agreed to a plea deal in a bid to avoid a mandatory life sentence lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 . Locked up : The youngster 's grandmother said the plea deal means her grandson will not have to go through the psychological trauma of a trial . Above , Frolander is pictured being led away from the courtroom Thursday . There , Frolander reportedly pulled down the child 's pants and performed a sex act on him , before being caught by the boy 's father , who had just returned home after picking up some food . The father , who had heard a strange noise coming from the bedroom , pushed open the door and discovered Frolander with his genitals exposed , police said . He immediately started beating him . In the early hours of July 18 , the father called 911 and told the dispatcher : ` I just walked in on a grown man molesting -LSB- name redacted -RSB- . And I got him in a bloody puddle for you right now , officer . ' He continued : ` He is nice and knocked out on the floor for you , I dragged him into the living room , ' before adding : ` Send an ambulance . He is going to need one . ' Police arrived at the house to find Frolander unconscious . During an interview , the boy told officers the suspect had been molesting him for three years - something Frolander later admitted to . Sex offender : As part of the deal , Frolander -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who had been molesting the boy for years , will be listed as a sexual predator , be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his release . Bruised : The defendant is pictured during his first court appearance , still sporting injuries from the beating . After his arrest , Frolander was was treated at hospital before being taken to the closest police station . In his mug shot , his still-swollen face was evident from the beating he had received . Officers appeared to understand the father 's reaction . ` Dad was acting like a dad . I do n't see anything we should charge the dad with , ' Daytona Beach Police Chief Mike Chitwood said . Speaking to WFTS , he added : ` You have an 18-year-old who has clearly picked his target , groomed his target and had sex with the victim multiple times . ' Days after the incident , the father admitted that it was only his son 's pleas which had stopped him from killing the pervert after he had stormed into the kitchen and grabbed a knife in his rage . ` My son is the one who stepped in front of me and stopped me . My son saved his attackers life , so who 's really the hero in this situation ? ' he asked WKMG after Frolander 's first court appearance in Volusia County . The man admitted he had ` just snapped ' when he walked in on Frolander naked with his son . Shortly after beating the teenager into a coma , he grabbed the knife and walked over to him , he said . ` I was going to kill him , ' he admitted , adding that he and his family had considered Frolander a close friend and had often allowed him to spend time with the 11-year-old boy at their home . ` There was nothing uncommon to let the kids go in the bedroom and play video games together and now I have to wonder why the door was shut , ' the father explained last July . Sexual assault : Officers appeared to understand the father 's reaction . ` Dad was acting like a dad . I do n't see anything we should charge the dad with , ' Daytona Beach Police Chief Mike Chitwood said . Above , the father is pictured with his 11-year-old son -LRB- left -RRB- before the attack , and Frolander is seen in a previous mug shot -LRB- right -RRB- . He added that his rage also stemmed from being molested himself as a child at a foster home in California . He said beating Frolander was the easy part and that much harder days lay ahead . ` I 'm not going to pressure anything on -LSB- my son -RSB- , ' the father told reporters . ` I know exactly what he 's going through , when he 's ready to talk about it , he will . ' Police defended his actions but later criticized him for creating a Gofundme page , initially entitled ` Rebuilding Innocence ' and featuring an image of a sleeping boy , asking for $ 1million in donations . On the page , the father wrote : ` We are reaching out to anyone that can help . Our son was sexualy -LRB- sic -RRB- assaulted and we are now faced with the challenge of picking up the pieces , the emotional and financial burden is about more than we can endure . . Please . . Anything helps . ' Chf Chitwood told DailyMail.com he was ` pretty shocked ' by the page , which was later taken down by the charity site . ` The police , investigators and prosecutors go to great lengths to protect victims of sexual abuse . I 'm sure his intentions are in the right place but this is not good for the young man 's recovery , ' he said . During his interview with police , the child reportedly told officers that he had been intimidated and told by Frolander that terrible things would happen to him if he revealed the abuse . ` He 's 11 years old , he should be running around outside and playing video games , not dealing with something like this , ' Chf Chitwood said at the time . No charges were filed against the boy 's father .