South Yorkshire Police missed ` intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham , a report has found . A host of failings left gangs free to rape , traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013 , an inquiry by the National Crime Agency -LRB- NCA -RRB- concluded . The NCA said the police force did not use ` alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence , and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers . South Yorkshire Police missed ` intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham , pictured , a report has found . At least 1,400 children were abused in the town over 16 years . The review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report , which exposed widespread failures of the council , police and social services in tackling child sex exploitation . The controversy that followed the publication of the report led to Rotherham council leader Roger Stone leaving his post . The most high profile resignation was that of South Yorkshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner Shaun Wright , who was the Rotherham councillor overseeing children 's services between 2005 and 2010 . The NCA review examined three current South Yorkshire Police investigations into child sex exploitation . ` Over the years , intelligence and investigative opportunities in relation to child sexual exploitation have been overlooked by South Yorkshire Police , ' it stated . It added that the officers working on Operations Clover , Monroe and Mark are ` conscientious , enthusiastic and focused upon providing good outcomes ' . The report acknowledged that the force had begun to make progress in protecting vulnerable children , but set out 48 recommendations of areas that need further improvement . Among them were record keeping , additional investigative opportunities , and engagement with victims . NCA director Trevor Pearce said : ` A review of these three investigations has identified improvements that need to be made at both strategic and operational level . ` Many of the issues identified by the review team have already been addressed by the force or work is in hand to do so . ` South Yorkshire Police has already made a number of arrests in relation to these matters and other offenders who believe that their past actions will never catch up with them should think again . ' The NCA will now take over Operation Mark , deeming it to be ` not as developed ' as the other two . Operations Monroe and Clover which will remain under police command on a day-to-day basis . Operation Mark will be integrated into the agency 's Operation Stovewood , which will look at historic sex abuse cases in the South Yorkshire town . In light of its findings , the NCA will now also expand their investigation to include three further police operations , with the aim of bringing more offenders to justice . File image . In light of its findings , the NCA will now also expand their investigation to include three further police operations , with the aim of bringing more offenders to justice . Two of the investigations into child sex exploitation did not result in any cases being brought to court . South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has accepted the findings of the review . He said : ` The independent review of three South Yorkshire Police investigations into non-recent allegations of child sexual exploitation was something I requested as part of the NCA 's investigation to ensure transparency and openness . ` The review found that the force had made a number of improvements and that staff working on the investigations were conscientious and focused and that strategic leadership was professional and appropriate . ` This highlights the significant progress the force has made in protecting vulnerable people and tackling child sexual exploitation . ` We have dedicated officers working tirelessly to support the victims and bring the offenders to justice and have made a number of arrests as part of these investigations . ` However , the NCA has made a number of recommendations for further improvements . ` We accept these recommendations and , as the NCA have recognised , the force has already addressed many of these and put steps in place to ensure other issues are dealt with in a timely manner . ' Early to mid 1990s . According to the Jay Report , community workers come across examples of child sexual exploitation and find children under the care of the local authority are at risk of being targeted . 1997 . The ` Risky Business ' youth project is set up to work with people between the ages of 11 and 25 in Rotherham , amid concerns young people are being abused through prostitution . Late 1990s . Youth workers start to identify vulnerable girls and young women on Rotherham 's streets and refer them to children 's social care . Community workers first came across examples of child sexual exploitation regarding children under the care of the local authority in Rotherham -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the mid-1990s . Early 2000s . Shaun Wright is elected as a Labour councillor on Rotherham Council . A small group of professionals from key agencies meet children at risk of , or involved in , child sexual exploitation but their work is not properly supported , according to the Jay report . Senior police and social workers think the extent of the issue is being exaggerated . 2002 . A Home Office draft report into child sexual exploitation in Rotherham criticises agencies and says there is a ` high prevalence of young women being coerced and abused through prostitution ' . Police and senior officers at the council are unhappy with the report , claiming some facts are either exaggerated or made up . The report 's author does not complete her work . August 2003 . A report by strategic drugs analyst Dr Angie Heal , commissioned by South Yorkshire Police , finds there are a ` significant number of girls and some boys who are being sexually exploited ' in Rotherham . In 2003 , a report commissioned by South Yorkshire Police found there were a ` significant number of girls and some boys who were being sexually exploited ' in Rotherham -LRB- file picture -RRB- . September 2003 . The Sexual Exploitation Forum is set up , holding monthly meetings to discuss cases of children who are being sexually exploited or are at risk . April 2005 . Rotherham Council sets up a new department of children and young people 's services , with Councillor Shaun Wright appointed cabinet member for the department . April 2007 . An investigation into the grooming and sexual abuse of young boys identifies more than 70 alleged victims . A man is convicted of offences against 10 children . 2008 . Operation Central is set up to investigate men believed to be involved in child sexual exploitation . Autumn 2009 . Ofsted rates Rotherham 's children 's services as ` inadequate ' . Councillor Wright resigns from his council cabinet post in the wake of the report . December 2009 . Shaun Wright was elected onto Rotherham council in the early 2000s and was later elected as Police and Crime Commissioner for South Yorkshire . The minister of state for young people and families serves the council with an improvement notice for its children 's safeguarding services . 2010 . Five men given lengthy jail terms after they are found guilty of grooming teenage girls for sex . April 2010 . The local Safeguarding Children Board sets up a child sexual exploitation sub group . September 2012 . The Times publishes an investigation revealing that a confidential police report had warned thousands of child sexual exploitation crimes were being committed in South Yorkshire by networks of Asian men . The newspaper also reports that agencies in the town had extensive knowledge of such crimes for decades . South Yorkshire Police refutes claims in article . October 2012 . Rotherham Borough Council , South Yorkshire Police and other agencies set up a Child Sexual Exploitation team . Home Affairs Select Committee tells force 's chief constable to ` get a grip ' on the issue . November 2012 . Shaun Wright wins election to become South Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner . He states that tackling child sexual exploitation is one of his priorities . January 2013 . The chief executive of the council , Martin Kimber , appears before the Home Affairs Select Committee to answer questions about the lack of prosecutions . August 2013 . Four women sue the council for failing to protect them when they were children . September 2013 . The council announces it is commissioning an independent inquiry . August 2014 . Professor Alexis Jay publishes commissioned report into child abuse in Rotherham , revealing more than 1,400 children had been subjected to rape , violence and trafficking between 1997 and 2013 . Rotherham Borough Council leader Roger Stone steps down with immediate effect . Mr Wright issues a statement saying he will stay in his job as PCC , despite calls for him to stand down . Home Secretary Theresa May backs calls for Mr Wright to step down and his deputy PCC Tracey Cheetham announces she is resigning because she is ` unable to continue ' in her role . In August last year , Professor Alexis Jay -LRB- pictured -RRB- published report into child abuse in Rotherham , revealing more than 1,400 children had been subjected to rape , violence and trafficking . September 2014 . Mr Wright resigns . The Labour Party suspends four of its members pending an investigation : former leader of the council Roger Stone , ex-deputy council leader , Jahangir Akhtar , Gwendoline Russell , and Shaukat Ali . November 2014 . The Independent Police Complaints Commission announces ten police officers mentioned in the Jay Report are under investigation . December 2014 . National Crime Agency -LRB- NCA -RRB- begins investigation into child sexual exploitation in Rotherham . February 2015 . Devastating report is published by Louise Casey . Communities Secretary Eric Pickles announces new elections in 2016 to replace Rotherham Council 's ` wholly dysfunctional ' political leadership .