Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand . One fan , Ade Adebayo , 34 , from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week and here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight . I booked the trip to Las Vegas back on December 13 . One of my friends , Toby , was convinced the fight was going to happen and we needed to book it before it was announced and the prices sky-rocketed . So we booked it and waited for the announcement . Christmas and New Year came and went and the fight was not announced . Then it looked like it was going to be announced during half-time of the Super Bowl . It did n't happen . Then we thought it was going to be announced during the NBA All-Star game . It was n't . Ade Adebayo -LRB- second right -RRB- and friends at Gatwick before jetting off to Las Vegas . Ade and his friends booked their trip to Las Vegas back in December in anticipation for the big fight . The email confirmation that showed Ade had bought a ticket for the biggest fight . But eventually it was announced late one Friday in February and we could not believe it was finally going to happen . Even though we had our flights and hotel booked we were not sure if we were going to be able to get tickets as we thought that hardly any would be released and they would be sold to the big companies for the most amount of money . We thought the whole thing was being orchestrated to make the most amount of money possible . But all four of us had been to Vegas before and we always said that if we were to go again then it would have to be for a big event or fight like this , so we thought it was worth going even if we did n't get a ticket . One of my friends in the group had been in Vegas for both Ricky Hatton vs Floyd Mayweather and Hatton vs Manny Pacquiao . He said it would be insane and that we had to go . Then it was announced last week that a limited number of tickets would go on sale at 8 pm on Thursday night . We all agreed to try and get tickets . But my problem was I going to fit camp with my mum on Thursdays and it was the last one , and if I did n't go then she would n't go , and I am trying to encourage her . So we went to the gym and I was looking at the clock the whole time . We did the session and the warm-down and at 7.55 pm I sprinted out of the gym and into the car and was trying to get online while in the car . We drove to my mum 's house and by the time I got there it was 8.09 pm and I got the laptop out and went on to the Ticketmaster website . Ade and friends are staying at The Cosmopolitan on the Vegas strip overlooking the famous fountain in front of the Bellagio hotel . I put in for four tickets . None available . I tried three . None available . Two and then one , same thing . I kept trying and trying and was changing the price bracket and number of tickets and then at 8.15 pm I got through and it said on the screen that I had one ticket . I was stunned . It was $ 7,924.40 -LRB- £ 5,141.68 -RRB- . But I realised I was on my business partner 's laptop and it did not have all my credit card details saved as mine does . So I had to sprint out of the house to my car to try and find my card and race back , by the time I got back to the laptop and put in my details there was about 45 seconds left on the countdown timer . In panic when I was filling everything in I clicked the box for insurance and ended up paying an extra $ 455 . I 'm not even sure what it is insurance for ! Ade and the boys stopped off at the famous Wild Card gym in Hollywood where Pacquiao trained for the fight . Ade and his friends are planning a trip to the Hollywood hills in the days before the big fight . The group plan to head back to Vegas via Death Valley and the Nevada desert . Then it was all confirmed and I thought it was all too easy , and had I really managed to get a ticket ? Or was it a scam and had I been turned over for just over £ 5,000 ? But then an email came through from Ticketmaster and I could not believe I had managed to get one . I then went on to our group WhatsApp group and just wrote ` I got a ticket ' and the phone just went mad with messages asking to see a screen shot . And when I sent it everyone just went mad , no one could believe it . My business partner , Neil , has been on Twitter and he thinks he may have tracked down a ticket in the row behind me and the person may be willing to sell it , so we may possibly have two tickets . We will see . The group plan a big night out on Friday on the famous Las Vegas strip . The Wet Republic pool party at the MGM Grand is on the agenda for Saturday . We flew out from Gatwick on Wednesday and we 're staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel just down the Strip from the MGM Grand . After a ` quiet ' night on Wednesday , we are going on a road trip to LA and the Hollywood Hills . We are spending one night there and then coming back to Vegas on Friday via the sights of Death Valley and the Nevada desert . We 'll have a big night out on Friday and then chill out on Saturday at the Wet Republic Pool Party at the MGM hosted by DJ Calvin Harris . And then it is fight night ! Carl Froch beat George Groves in front of 80,000 fans at Wembely Stadium . Ade had good seats for the Froch vs Groves fight at Wembley in May last year . Mark Wright and James Argent were two of the ` celebrities ' at the Froch vs Groves fight - but A-listers are expected to be in attendance at the MGM Grand on Saturday night . I have been to big events in the past , I was at Carl Froch vs George Groves at Wembley and we had good seats for that . We saw people from The Only Way Is Essex , Gordon Ramsey and Andros Townsend . But Vegas is going to be the REAL A-list . I have had some good trips in the past as well , a friend of mine is Richard Branson 's PA and she invited me to his island a few years ago , so I 've spent a few days chilling out there , it was insane . I never thought that holiday would be topped . Ade will be one of 16,000 fans who will pack into the MGM Garden Arena on Saturday night . Floyd Mayweather will face Manny Pacquiao in the richest fight in boxing history . But already this trip promises to be amazing , the atmosphere in Vegas will be amazing ahead of the fight , everyone will be buzzing . In terms of the fight , I would like to see Manny Pacquiao win . He has not got anything to lose . Mayweather is flash and that is liked in America , but around the world the whole money thing is not liked as much . Either way I hope it is a great fight and a great occasion .