A man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week . That set off a chain of events that included a deputy 's pursuit , a crash , and an arrest . A man contacted police Friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near Piedmont , Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade told WBRC-TV . Scroll down for video . Chase : This grab taken from dashcam footage shows a deputy pursuing a truck . A man driving to work in Alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him . Surprise : The truck was stolen from the victim on the man 's birthday . The truck can be seen on the left going past another vehicle . The vehicle was swiped from the victim his birthday , WBRC reported . According to the Fox affiliate , police attempted to pull over the reportedly stolen vehicle -- but the driver , 29-year-old Terry Proctor of Piedmont , did not stop , leading to a pursuit . Wade told WBRC the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over . Proctor was captured after a foot chase , Wade told the television station . Wade also said ` The guy found his truck and it was right behind him . ` And you do bad things , and you 're going to get caught . Suspect : Terry Proctor of Piedmont , pictured , was booked into the Cherokee County Jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools . Veering off : The truck can be seen going off the road , where it rolled over . Escape : Suspect Terry Proctor was captured after a foot chase , Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade has said . ` And that 's kind of how it goes , and this guy had warrants through - already had warrants through Cherokee County , he had warrants through Piedmont , he had warrants through us . ' United States Marshals had also been searching for Proctor , WBRC reported . According to the television station , Proctor was booked into the Cherokee County Jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools . WIAT reported that Proctor is being held without bond .