The time has come for Australia 's favourite rock star-turned-politician Peter Garrett to sell his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney 's affluent Eastern Suburbs . The retired Midnight Oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family 's Sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million . The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters , Emily , Grace and May . As to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar 's home boasts beautiful high ceilings . Scroll down for video . The retired Midnight Oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist is listing his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney 's affluent Eastern Suburbs . The fresh , white kitchen opens up to a beautiful tiled courtyard at the rear of the home , bathed in sunlight and perfect for entertaining . The three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom , looking out onto the street . The property has been exquisitely renovated and ` achieving a beautifully balanced blend of period charm and contemporary touches , ' according to Belle Property Randwick . The Garretts live just a short distance from 101 acres of greenery at Centennial Parklands and are just a short bus ride to iconic beaches such as Bondi , Maroubra and Coogee . It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner , whilst being less than 7 km to the CBD . The property was bought by Garrett for $ 932,500 in 2010 while he was the Minister for Environment Protection , Heritage and the Arts as part of the Gillard government . Upon entering the home you are greeted by the living areas , masterfully designed with a clever use of space to include a living room , dining room , study nook and kitchen . The kitchen is crisp and clean with white , a light blue splashback and state-of-the-art kitchen appliances . From the kitchen , french doors open up the home . With the doors open , the dining room is extended out into the garden - filling the house with light and making the home even more spacious . The family of five also own a property in Mittagong in NSW 's south coast , ensuring they can enjoy the best of both city and country dwelling . The home is on a peaceful , historic Randwick North street facade , charismatically built into the slope of Gordon Street . The three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom , looking out onto the street . The winding staircase leads up from the lounge room to the bedrooms . The downstairs rooms have polished floorboards . Upon entering the home you are greeted by the living areas , masterfully designed with a clever use of space to include a living room , dining room , study nook and kitchen . From the kitchen , french doors open up the home . With the doors open , the dining room is extended out into the garden - filling the house with light and making the home even more spacious . As to be expected from the former environmental minister , the garden is filled with greenery despite the city landscape and concrete surroundings . As to be expected from the former environmental minister , the garden is filled with greenery despite the city landscape . The winding staircase leads up from the lounge room to the bedrooms . The master bedroom has beautiful French doors which also open out onto a balcony . It is peaceful space to watch the day go by -- enjoying a view of the stunning city skyline over the classic wrought iron balustrade . The property has been listed by Belle Property Randwick and will go to auction on May 16th . The three bedrooms are all carpeted and all but one have built-in wardrobes . The stunning French doors open up to ensure light-filled , airy bedrooms . The stark white bathroom might have been a battle as Peter Garrett has three daughters ! He also at 193 centimetres tall , may have struggled to fit in the bathtub .