Two people on a Delta flight which made an emergency landing in Boston were hospitalized after extreme turbulence which was compared by one passenger to ` King Kong picking up the plane and shaking it ' . Delta said ` a small number of customers ' on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark Airport in New Jersey , complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians . A Boston EMS spokeswoman said two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at Logan Airport in Boston . Scroll down for video . A Delta international flight from Paris , France to Newark , New Jersey was diverted to Boston on Wednesday afternoon because of extreme turbulence . Delta 271 flight from Paris to Newark had a turbulent time in the air before it made an emergency landing in Boston , the flight path revealed on Wednesday . During high winds , the plane was unable to land at Newark then attempted to land at JFK in New York but this also proved too difficult . Finally the pilot flew to Logan International in Boston . The airline said Flight 271 from Paris left Boston just after 6 pm to resume its journey to Newark , New Jersey where it landed safely . The plane is a Boeing 767-300ER . Delta said 180 passengers and 11 crew members were aboard . One passenger told NBC that it felt like ` King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow ' . He added : ` The winds were phenomenal . The wind was going around and around , and out to sea and back to sea , coming to New York and then to Boston and now back to New York . ' Another female passenger said the flight was extremely bumpy and a lot of people on board got sick . Traveler Jessica Garcia told ABC7 : ` You could feel the turbulence . It was going up and down , yeah , you could feel it all . ' One passenger said that the turbulence felt like ` King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow ' This female passenger said she got queasy and that other travelers on board fell ill during the extreme turbulence .