Passengers on board a Virgin Atlantic flight from Las Vegas to Gatwick who endured a 33-hour delay have described the incident as ` excruciating ' and ` an absolute nightmare . ' Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30 pm local time on Easter Monday . But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday . The long delays were too much for some passengers who took to the airport floor to rest . A catalogue of events took place that saw passengers bound for London from Las Vegas delayed by over 33 hours . This shot was snapped by passenger Paul Glogiewicz ; the passengers were eventually told there was a problem with the plane 's rudder . And now , some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin . Jennifer Glogiewicz , who was travelling with husband Paul and celebrating her 40th birthday , told MailOnline Travel that they were shunted back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas hotel , only to find out each time that there were more delays . ` They just kept telling us the air con was n't working and plane to warm to board . Then later they said there was also a rudder issue , ' said the mother of two from Bromley . ` The part needed was in the UK and that it would be flown in on tomorrow 's inbound Vegas flight , then it would fitted and we would be flown home . ' After being seated for two hours on the runway at the culmination of the 33-hour delays , the plane finally set off to the UK at 4 am local time . ` We were very worried the entire flight hoping it had been fixed properly . ` Luckily it was a pleasant flight . Every announcement on board began with ` again we apologise ' . ` We Landed at Gatwick and were given two letters and £ 20 per person to spend in m & s ; a bit late if you ask me . ` The main point of all our complaints was the lack of communication and awful customer skills of the Virgin Vegas ground staff . The lack of proper communication made the whole thing an absolute nightmare . ' Unbelievably some passengers remained in good spirits despite being forced to an unscheduled check-in at the Tropicana Las Vegas hotel . Passenger Charlie Nolan captured this photo of the plane after repairs had been halted because of the winds . Another passenger , Charlie Nolan , claimed that a Virgin employee who was updating the passengers over the tannoy lost his cool when the 400 passengers sarcastically clapped and whooped at the news that the engineers had decided to move the plane to a sheltered area to repair . The wind at the airport had meant the repairs could not be carried out quickly . Nolan told MailOnline Travel that ` another Virgin employee at the gate almost broke down in tears over the tannoy and that ` she claimed she had been working for 48 hours and wanted to go home to her children . ' Banker Michael Jazanovich , 30 , from Crouch End , north London , who was returning from a stag do , told London 's Evening Standard : ` It was an absolute nightmare for everyone involved . The delays were unacceptable and excruciating as they were pushed back and back and people had to sleep in the airport . ` We are expecting a lot more -LRB- than € 600 -RRB- . We have lost our time and had an awful experience . ` We deserve a lot more and , by taking a group action , we can work together to get this . We could share a lawyer , we are willing to take it as far as we need to . ' They were given hotel accommodation on Monday evening but spent Tuesday night in the airport terminal . Mrs Glogiewicz added : ` I do feel Virgin should just refund everyone their flight cost and be done , not make us all claim . ` This ending has tarnished a great time away with my husband and made me wary of future travel . ' Passengers were taken to the Tropicana Las Vegas on numerous times during the long flight delay . Stranded passengers took to Twitter to vent their frustrations over the eventual 33-hour delay . Virgin has said that eligible passengers would be getting EU compensation of € 600 -LRB- circa £ 434 -RRB- plus out-of-pocket expenses , but some are demanding much more . A Virgin Atlantic spokesman said : ` We always try our best to get things right for our customers and we are very sorry for the inconvenience caused by the delay of flight VS44 from Las Vegas to London Gatwick on April 6 . ` On this occasion , the initial delay was caused by a technical fault with the aircraft and the delay was then extended because of strong winds around the McCarran airport area which hampered our engineers carrying out the repairs . Over 400 passengers endured a nightmare delay to their journey back to the UK from the US . The Virgin Atlantic flight eventually took flight some 33 hours behind schedule after technical problems -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Passengers explained how they had been shipped back and forth to the airport with no solution . ` All of our customers were provided with hotel accommodation and meals while they waited , and we will reimburse them for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses . ` In addition , we will be providing eligible customers with EU compensation to the equivalent of € 600 per person . ` Customers should visit www.virginatlantic.com/euclaimapplication for advice , details of the claims process and to download an application form . ` Once we 've received the completed claim form a dedicated customer relations team will issue payment as a priority . '