More than 30,000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being recalled after Sabra , the manufacturer , said they could be contaminated with listeria . The company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000 . ' Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's Classic Hummus . ` This measure is limited to five SKUs of Classic Hummus sold nationwide , ' Sabra Dipping Co. said in a release . ` To date , no other Sabra product is affected by this recall . ' Scroll down to see the batches of hummus being recalled . Listeria concerns have led to thousands of Classic Hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , Sabra Dipping Co. said Monday . The company said that ` The potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a retail location on March 30th , 2015 by the Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development , tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes . ' The positive test happened at a Kroger in Port Huron , Michigan , a MDARD spokeswoman told the Detroit Free Press . The newspaper reported that Michigan officials contacted both the FDA and inspectors located in Virginia . Sabra has a production plant in Virginia 's Chesterfield County . Sabra Dipping Co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores . Both supermarkets and food service accounts had received products , the company said . The company said ` Listeria monocytogenes is an organism , which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems . ` Although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , stiffness , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea , Listeria infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women . ' The company said it has so far not yet received any sickness reports . On its website , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- says about 260 people are killed each year by listeriosis , and about 1600 people get sick . Antibiotics are used on those who get listeriosis . Prevention methods include rigorously washing both produce and kitchen equipment ; cleaning kitchen and food storage areas ; rigorously cooking poultry and meats ; storing food as soon as possible ; and avoiding both unpasteurized milk and food products that include it as an ingredient , according to the agency . For a full list of steps you can take to reduce the risk of listeriosis , visit the CDC 's website . The company said ` To date , there have been no reports indicating that these products have caused any illness ' -LRB- file photo -RRB- .