Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their respective suspensions for abusing Ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece . Paris Saint-Germain striker Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Marseille playmaker Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee -LRB- CNOSF -RRB- . Ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the French Football League -LRB- LFP -RRB- when he was caught on camera after last month 's 3-2 defeat to Bordeaux launching into a tirade against official Lionel Jaffredo while walking back to the dressing room . Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match after successfully appealing . Ibrahimovic was heard swearing as he walked towards the changing room after PSG 's loss against Bordeaux . The Swede reacted angrily to the defeat and said it was the worst refereeing display he 'd ever seen . He was angered by suggestions his remarks were also derogatory to France as a whole and claimed his words had been ` twisted ' . Speaking in the video in English but in partial sentences , the Sweden international could be heard saying : ` He 's an a ****** . Play 15 years , never seen referee this s *** country . Do n't even deserve PSG should be in this country . F ****** too good for all of you . Should be happy they exist . ' Marseille playmaker Payet then received a two-game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials ' dressing room following the goalless draw with Lyon , in which Lucas Ocampos ' late strike was deemed not to have crossed the goal-line . A statement from OM read : ` Olympique de Marseille received on Friday an official notification that the -LRB- LFP -RRB- has accepted the proposal of the CNOSF concerning the suspension of Dimitri Payet . ` The -LRB- CNOSF -RRB- arbitrator proposed to reduce the suspension from two matches to one match with a further one-match ban suspended . ' PSG initially only reported the news in a post on their Swedish Twitter account . It read : ` Now it is clear . Ibrahimovic 's penalty has been shortened by one game ! He will be back in Ligue 1 away against Nantes ! ' That game takes place on May 2 . The suspensions have led to tensions with Canal + , the network which broadcast both video clips . Dimitri Payet has also had his ban reduced by one after an appeal to the French Olympic Committee -LRB- CNOSF -RRB- . The two clubs , bitter rivals of each other , put out identical press releases last Friday stating that they would no longer speak to Canal + until May 30 . LFP president Frederic Thiriez sympathised with that stance and told reporters in France : ` I understand the two clubs . This manner of using what happens in the players ' tunnel simply to create a scandal creates a problem of fairness in football . ` The presence of a camera , which is not always visible , could eventually lead to a suspension . That could have an effect on the end of the championship . ' OM were happy to make use of Canal + in the fall-out over Ocampos ' disallowed goal , however , tweeting a picture of the channel 's 3D goalmouth simulation . They responded to Thursday 's announcement that officially sanctioned goal-line technology will be used in Ligue 1 next season by tweeting a video of the incident with the words : ` Next time , the goal will be given ! '