As the election race hots up , Labour leader Ed Miliband is getting a small taste of what it might be like to be a member of One Direction . A group of female fans , who 've dubbed themselves the ` Milifans ' , are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom . The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician . Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston , an AS Levels student by the name of Abby , the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader . My heart belongs to Ed ! The Labour leader -LRB- pictured in Manchester yesterday -RRB- has been the subject of a social media storm in recent days as a group of fans , mainly teenagers , have posted their affection for him under the #milifandom hashtag . Behind the #Milifandom hashtag is @twcuddleston , an AS Level student who appears to be a genuine Labour supporter . Her tweets in support of Ed have led to lots of other women posting tweets of affection for him . Fearing a gaffe , the Labour leader has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet back the teen behind it , @twcuddleston . In her Twitter profile , she describes herself as ` leader of the Milifandom , a movement against the distorted media portrayal of Ed . ' And even she is amazed at just how the hashtag has taken off , saying ` There are those in the milifandom , those who find the milifandom funny , and those who wonder how the hell Ed Miliband has a fandom . ' Perhaps fearing a gaffe , the Labour leader has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet the teen behind it , @twcuddleston , saying ` Hi Abby - Delighted that you 've joined Labour - welcome . ' While Abby seems to be a genuine Labour supporter and a level-headed teen - she 's declined giving interviews in favour of revising for her upcoming exams , others seem to be more preoccupied with Miliband 's physical appearance than his abilities to run the country . One user @Helen121 defended criticism of Miliband , saying he 's ` not `` mouldy '' , he 's hot ! ' Another , @helenamelia_xox , said ` If I ever met ed miliband I actually would cry he 's so hot . ' Admirer , Ellie , also chimed in : ` This all started out as a joke but now I think I legitimately fancy Ed Miliband . ' One user @Helen121 defended criticism of Miliband , saying he 's ` not `` mouldy '' , he 's hot ! ' Another , @helenamelia_xox , said ` If I ever met ed miliband I actually would cry he 's so hot ' Maybe one day : Labour fan @Sophiephilips1 dreams that Ed will visit her in the South West . Teen angst : @theurbanangel described her crush on Ed Miliband as ` painful ' Internet jokers have also got in on the act , posting mocked-up images of Miliband as various heartthrobs . @GeneralBoles seems particularly adept at it and has morphed the opposition leader 's face onto a series of scenes from Poldark , Sherlock and Fifty Shades of Grey amongst others . @GeneralBoles admitted to FEMAIL that he felt a little guilty about his Photoshopping satire , saying : ` I 'm actually feeling quite guilty about jumping on the #milifandom thing . ` I 've been doing satirical political Photoshops for a couple of years now and had a load of Miliband ones already on file . ' Unlikely heartthrob : Images of the opposition leader looking sultry for a newspaper article have been shared by Twitter users . In an attempt to make the Labour leader look cool , Twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including Daniel Craig as James Bond in movie Casino Royale . Ed Milibond : Dressed in a suave grey suit , the Labour leader is superimposed on yet another photograph of secret agent , James Bond . Windswept : While TV viewers swooned over Aidan Turner 's Poldark , Ed Miliband has consistently polled low in popularity ratings . Not buying it : The drastic reworking of Miliband comes after he gained a reputation for appearing in awkward pictures , including eating a bacon sandwich -LRB- pictured here on the body of Don Draper , from Mad Men -RRB- . He continues : ` This morning I saw a tweet by the young woman who I think originated #milifandom and it seems she was doing it because she supports Labour and does n't like the way Ed is portrayed . ' The Twitter mischief-maker , who declined to reveal his real identity , said he 'd had over 1000 retweets of his images yesterday . While Miliband may be revelling in a very different type of attention to what he 's used to , he 's keeping schtum on the subject so far although he has tweeted @twcuddleston to thank her for her support of the Labour Party . Fellow Labour Party members have noticed the hysteria though , with Shadow Justice Secretary Sadiq Khan tweeting ` And I thought I was an @Ed_Miliband fan ... #milifandom . ' Such adoration is a feeling that Miliband may not have expected but now might be getting used to . Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private ` selfie ' The bride-to-be 's sister , Kathryn Braithwaite , posted a picture of Nicola and Miliband on the campaign bus . Just last week , the Labour leader was mobbed by a screaming hen party - and even let the bride on his tour bus for a ` selfie ' . Miliband was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends . One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride . After brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ` I got a full on picture with him ' . She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens , all wearing black dresses and pink sashes , who started yelling for him to come and meet them . The Labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting ` Selfie ! Selfie ! Selfie ! ' and turned their backs on him for a group shot . One of the women was heard saying : ` Hashtag Ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before Mr Miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye . One of the women was heard saying : ` Hashtag Ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before Mr Miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye .