The next time Pep Guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in Bavaria -- and that time will come -- he has some useful numbers to roll out . As of Tuesday night , the most pertinent one available to him is 115 . That is the number of goals Guardiola 's Bayern team have scored so far this season , a number plenty enough to take them in to the last four of the Champions League , the semi-final of the German Cup and to the cusp of successive Bundesliga titles . It 's a funny game , football is n't it ? People can grow restless , unhappy even , pretty quickly . As Guardiola himself said on the eve of this undressing of porous Porto , people are only happy here if Bayern win the treble . Bayern Munich 's Thiago Alcantara jumps highest to head the home side ahead on 14 minutes and set the German giants on their way . Former Barcelona midfielder Thiago races away to celebrate and clenches his fist after giving Bayern Munich the lead on the night . Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng scores the second header of the evening to double Bayern 's advantage and level the tie at 3-3 . Boateng points to the skies in celebration after the Germany international 's goal gave Bayern the initiative as they led on away goals . Robert Lewandowski made it a hat-trick of Bayern headers on 27 minutes as the Poland striker powerfully nodded the ball into the net . Thomas Muller shoots and scores to give Bayern an incredible 4-0 lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining . Muller lets out a roar in celebration and is congratulated by fellow goalscorer Thiago as the Bavarians took full control of Tuesday 's tie . Lewandowski powerfully strikes from inside the area to give Bayern Munich a 5-0 lead at half-time as the frontman netted his second . Lewandowski slides on his knees in front of the Allianz Arena crowd after scoring his second goal of the night as Bayern raced away . The Bayern Munich frontman is congratulated by Mario Gotze -LRB- left -RRB- , defender Rafinha -LRB- centre -RRB- and Muller -LRB- right -RRB- after scoring . Martinez replies for Porto but the goal was just a consolation as the Portuguese giants failed to stage an unlikely comeback in Munich . Bayern Munich midfielder Xabi Alonso bends the ball past the Porto wall to score his side 's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go . Alonso jumps in celebration and points to the sky as captain Philipp Lahm races over to congratulate the Spanish midfielder . Bayern Munich -LRB- 4-3-2-1 -RRB- : Neuer 6 , Rafinha 7 , -LRB- Rode 72 , 6 -RRB- Boateng 7.5 , Badstuber 7 , Bernat 7 , Lahm 7 , Alonso 7.5 , Thiago 7.5 -LRB- Dante 90 -RRB- , Muller 8 , Gotze 8 -LRB- Weiser 86 -RRB- , Lewandowski 8.5 . Subs not used : Reina , Schweinsteiger , Pizarro , Gaudino . Booked : Badstuber . Manager : Pep Guardiola , 9 . Scorers : Thiago 14 , Boateng 22 , Lewnadowski 27 , 40 , Muller 36 , Alonso 88 . Porto -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Fabiano 4 , Reyes 4 -LRB- Ricardo 33 , 6 -RRB- , Maicon 5 , Marcano 4.5 , Martins Indi 5 , Herrera 5 , Casemiro 4.5 , Torres 5 , Quaresma 5 -LRB- Neves 46 , 6 -RRB- , Martinez 5 , Brahimi 5 -LRB- Evandro 67 , 6 -RRB- . Subs not used : Helton , Quintero , Hernani , Aboubakar . Scorer : Martinez , 73 . Booked : Ricardo , Marcano , Herrera , Martinez . Sent off : Marcano . Manager : Julen Lopetegui , 5 . Man of the match : Robert Lewandowski . Referee : Martin Atkinson -LRB- England -RRB- 8 . Attendance : 70,000 . Well , despite the horrors of the 3-1 first leg defeat in Portugal last week , that remains very much on and the statistics show that Guardiola and his players have indulged in a fair amount of self-expression along the way . Guardiola wo n't remember all the season 's goals . He wo n't remember all of the seven Bayern scored against Roma and against Shakhtar , the eight they plundered at home to Hamburg or the six they put past SC Paderborn . The Spaniard will remember the half dozen his team scored here on Tuesday night , though . He will remember them - especially the five that came in a brutal , spellbinding opening half - because they will be set against the background of last week 's defeat and the disgruntlement that followed . Questions were asked about his own future , Bayern 's club doctor walked out , slamming the door behind him . By half-time , though , those matters seemed rather distant already and that is what brilliant football does . It makes people forget the small details . That , in a way , is the whole point of sport . Certain Bayern 's rather entitled supporters will have seen little better than this over the years . Not just because of the quality of the football but because of the context and because of the sheer hunger and monotonous forward drive of this team . ` I knew my players could do this , ' said Guardiola afterwards . ` But this was not perfect . We can still improve . ' Having started so badly in the first leg last week -- Bayern were two down early -- they needed to reverse things quickly . After 23 minutes they were two goals up and , from that point on , the contest was no longer valid . Lewandowski had already struck the post when Bayern took the lead , left-back Juan Bernat crossing to the near post for Thiago Alcantara to thump in a header . The goal served to break the tension a little and as Porto failed to settle , Bayern began a hypnotic and relentless journey through the gears . A shot from Thomas Muller was saved by Fabiano soon after but that proved a rare moment of competence for the Porto goalkeeper . He had a poor night and was beaten for the second time midway through the half when Jerome Boateng glanced a header in by the post after a corner . At this point , Bayern were already mathematically through . Porto needed to score to maintain an interest but they were too skittish , too panicked and too intent in arguing with referee Martin Atkinson to ever get a foothold in a game that quickly galloped away from them . Bayern Munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach the Champions League semi-finals . Muller celebrates with supporters at the full-time whistle while Porto defender Maicon looks dejected as Porto surrendered a first leg lead . Porto 's Algerian frontman Yacine Brahimi looks to control the ball in the air under pressure from Bayern Munich right back Rafinha . Ricardo Quaresma , who scored twice in Porto 's first leg victory , attempts to get the better of Bayern 's Spanish left back Juan Bernat . Porto defender Diego Reyes slides in to a challenge to dispossess Bayern Munich frontman Mario Gotze during the first half . Colombia international Jackson Martinez , who scored Porto 's third goal in the first leg , controls and shields the ball from Rafinha . The third goal arrived soon after -- Lewandowski finishing first time after Philipp Lahm had set him up beautifully -- and it was at this point a massacre seemed in the offing . A drive from Muller from distance then struck defender Casemiro and span through Fabiano 's flapping legs in the 36th minute and , after a rare Porto attack culminated in a dive by , and a booking for , Jackson Martinez , Lewandowski struck again , teasing two defenders before arrowing a perfect shot in to the corner with his right foot . Half-time found the Portuguese on their knees and they crawled to the dressing room . Beyond that , Bayern lost some momentum and Porto even scored a goal , Martinez heading in . On the touchline , however , Guardiola 's greatest inconvenience was a split to the seam of his suit trousers . As time wore on , he continued to instruct his players feverishly . At times he must be exhausting to play for . In the stands here , meanwhile , Manchester City 's football director Txiki Begiristain looked on covetously as Xabi Alonso curled in a free-kick at the death after the dismissal of Ivan Marcano . City , as we know , could do with a man like Pep . They are not alone . Porto duo Oliver Torres -LRB- left -RRB- and Martinez -LRB- right -RRB- look dejected as Bayern Munich stormed into a 5-0 lead at half time . Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola holds his head in his hands after a missed chance having ripped his trousers in celebration . Guardiola gives captain Lahm instructions on the touchline as Gotze , Thiago and Muller take a breather during a break in play . Porto manager Julen Lopetegui and Bayern Munich boss Guardiola - former Barcelona team-mates - share a joke ahead of the game . Gotze -LRB- on the left of the middle row -RRB- posted this picture of the Bayern Munich celebrations on Instagram . Injured trio Franck Ribery , Mehdi Benatia and David Alaba chat in the home team dugout ahead of Bayern 's quarter-final tie . Holland international Arjen Robben , who was also sidelined through injury , was a pundit alongside Oliver Kahn -LRB- right -RRB- on Tuesday evening .