The National Football League has hired its first female ref , Sarah Thomas , according to a report . Thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's Conference USA , has been considered before for a position in the NFL before she was chosen to start in the league next year , Baltimore reporter Aaron Wilson posted on his Twitter account . She has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL 's training program since 2013 . Sarah Thomas , a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon , Mississippi , has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee . Above she officiates a preseason New Orleans Saints game . The Conference USA official became the first woman to officiate and FBS game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 . The NFL would not confirm Thomas 's hiring on Friday , saying in a statement : ` The 2015 roster of officials has not yet been finalized . When it is , the new officials for 2015 and the entire roster will be announced . ' Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season , a source close to the matter told the LA Times . A Brandon , Mississippi , native , Thomas played basketball at University of Mobile before beginning officiating after attending a meeting with her brother . ` He told me there 's a bunch of old men sitting there . And that I might get some strange stares , ' she told the Hattiesburg American last year . ` When I walked into that meeting sure enough that did happen . ' She reffed basketball and high school football before moving on to college and becoming the first woman to officiate a FBS game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 . ` The thing is , I 've never set out to be the first and that has n't changed , she said in 2013 . ` I do this because I love it . ' The mother of three credits her success in sports to being raised with brothers . The Mississippi native first began officiating after attending a meeting with her brother and credits her family with helping her succeed in the sports world . Though Thomas is tabbed to be the first full-time woman hire by the NFL , Shannon Eastin became the first female to officiate a game in the league when she was a replacement ref in 2012 . She also works as a pharmaceutical sales representative , and says she does n't wear the makeup she wears at her day job when she 's on the gridiron , according to Gulf Live . Shannon Eastin technically became the first woman to officiate an NFL game in 2012 , when the league hired replacement refs while in negotiations with the officials ' union . However , she stopped working for the NFL after owners reached an agreement with the regular officials . If Thomas begins reffing regular season games , the NFL would become the second major American sports league to have women officials , after the NBA . Violet Palmer and Dee Kanter were hired by the basketball league in 1997 . Kantner was fired in 2002 , though Palmer still regularly runs games in the playoffs . The NBA hired another female ref , Lauren Holtkamp , last year . Women umpires in baseball have only reached the Triple-A and preseason game levels . Female refs are common in the WNBA . Violet Palmer , NBA . Violet Palmer referees a game between the Orlando Magic and the Denver Nuggets in January of this year . Violet Palmer is the longest-serving female referee in any of American sport 's four major leagues . She was first hired by the NBA in 1997 and has continued officiating men 's basketball to the present day . Palmer later continued trailblazing , becoming the first woman to ref a playoff game in 2006 , between the Indiana Pacers and the New Jersey Nets . Beyond breaking ground for her gender , she also publicly announced that she was lesbian in 2014 , shortly after Jason Collins became the first NBA player to come out as gay . Dee Kantner , NBA . Dee Kanter , was hired the same year as Violet Palmer as an NBA ref but left after several seasons . Above , Kantner stands next to North Carolina Tar Heels coach Sylvia Hatchell at a 2013 womens 's NCAA game . Dee Kantner joined the NBA officiating staff the same year as Palmer , but was fired after the 2001-2002 season . In a statement about her firing , the league said that she was ` not making sufficient progress in her own development ' . Kantner said that she was ` stunned ' by her letting go and that she had been given no warning about the decision . She worked as the supervisor of officials in the WNBA before going to the men 's league , a role to which she has since returned . The long time referee has also consistently officiated women 's college basketball . Lauren Holtkamp , NBA . Female NBA ref Laura Holtkamp , who is completing her first season in the NBA this year , discusses a call with Denver Nuggets player Ty Lawson in November . Laura Holtkamp , 34 , became the NBA 's third female referee in 2014 after . She played basketball at Drury University in Missouri and had plans to get a master 's degree in divinity at Emory in Atlanta before being drawn to refereeing . She soon became reffing women 's college games as well as WNBA and NBA D-League matches , according to Grantland . Her first year in the league has not been without controversy . Los Angeles Clippers point guard Chris Paul was criticized by many for alleged sexism when he said ` this might not be for her , ' after he was given a technical fowl by Holtkamp . Pamela Postema , MLB Spring Training . Female MLB umpire Pamela Postema calls balls and strikes behind the plate at a a Kansas City Royals game in 1992 . Pamela Postema was not the first woman to umpire a professional baseball game , with her first innings come five years after Bernice Gera sued Major League Baseball to preside over a minor league contest in 1972 . However , Postema became a fixture in the professional games everywhere but ` The Show ' in the 1980s . She spent seven years in Triple-A , the league directly below the majors , and even made it to spring training games in 1988 and 1989 . However , she was controversially fired in 1989 after the death of MLB commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti , who had been considered supportive of her career . Postema filed a sex discrimination lawsuit after the firing ended her well-regarded career , which was settled out of court . Ria Cortesio , Minor League Baseball . Ria Cortesio , pictured at a Double-A game between the Jacksonville Suns and the Montgomery Biscuits in 2007 , was fired the same year . Ria Cortesio was the face of female umpiring in baseball for many years in the mid-2000s . She spent nine years in the minor leagues , with the highest being the Double-A Southern League , according to the Houston Chronicle . Cortesio was also the first woman since Postema to umpire an exhibition game when she worked a spring training match-up between the Chicago Cubs and Arizona Diamondbacks . She also worked the Home Run Derby at the 2006 All-Star Game in Pittsburgh . Her umpire rating in Double-A slipped during the 2007 season and she was let go in the autumn of that year , according to ESPN . Shannon Eastin . Shannon Eastin became the first woman to officiate a regular season NFL game in 2012 . Above , she follows the Jacksonville Jaguars and Indianapolis Colts during the same month . Shannon Eastin became the first woman to officiate a regular season NFL game in 2012 when she was used as a replacement ref in the September 2012 game between the St Louis Rams and the Detroit Lions . Regular officials were locked out by owners during a 2012 dispute , a replacement refs were used until an agreement was reached at the end of September . She had previously officiated the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference college games and high school games before being hired by the NFL . The Massachusetts native , 42 at the time , has not returned to the NFL since the end of the referee lockout .