Many of us are very particular about how strong we like our tea and coffee and the same applies to how hot it has to be . With this in mind , engineers have created a heated mug designed to keep the temperature ` just right ' from the first sip to the last drop . Called the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug , the $ 39.99 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- gadget can maintain the temperature at around 71 ° c -LRB- 160 ° f -RRB- for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all . Scroll down for video . The $ 39.99 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve . It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68 ° c and 71 ° c -LRB- 155 and 160 ° f -RRB- for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink to finish the beverage before its gets too cold . The Goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children 's story The Three Bears . This principle applies to the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug and the margins in this case are between 68 ° c and 71 ° c -LRB- 155 and 160 ° f -RRB- . The mug weighs a little over one pound -LRB- 454g -RRB- and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord . The Goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children 's story The Three Bears . In the story , Goldilocks finds a house owned by three bears . Each bear has their own preference for porridge and beds and after testing all three she determines that one is too hot , one is too large and baby bear 's preference is ` just ` right . ' This principle applies to the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug and the margins in this case are between 68 ° c and 71 ° c -LRB- 155 and 160 ° f -RRB- . It was designed by Michigan-based Design HMI and Green Lama , currently raising funds on Kickstarter to fund production of the mug . The team has raised more than $ 48,900 -LRB- £ 32,330 -RRB- of its $ 120,000 -LRB- £ 79,300 -RRB- goal so far and backers can pre-order the mug for $ 30 -LRB- £ 20 -RRB- . If the campaign is successful , the mugs will start shipping in August this year , after which point they will retail for $ 39.99 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- . Gita Bedi , president of Green Lama said : ` As an engineering consultant I have been working with innovators on a global basis helping integrate innovations and technologies into consumer products . ` During this period , working from home , I would regularly have cups of coffee . ` As I was working , the coffee would get cold after a few sips -LSB- and -RSB- I would have to throw the coffee away and leave work to get another cup . Even though I brewed eight to 10 cups , most went to wast . The mug weighs a little over one pound -LRB- 454g -RRB- and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged . A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes , to conserve energy . The mug is only available in white , but wireless charging plates are available in both white and black . ` I have tried all different types of mugs , cups and warming plates but they were very inefficient , clumsy and a waste of money . ` So in late 2013 I started working on a wireless heated coffee mug with a rechargeable battery . ' The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged and a built-in timer will automatically turn off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes to conserve energy . Its rechargeable battery sits at the bottom of the mug , below a nanoheater protected by a heatsleeve that covers the inside of the gadget . The mug is only available in white , but wireless charging plates are available in both white and black . SmartQsine is the first wireless monitoring system for food and cooking supplies.Items are placed in jars on the $ 39 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- SmartQsine device . An app then lets homeowners check the precise amounts of anything in their kitchen using a smartphone or tablet , thanks to a built-in sensor pad -LRB- pictured -RRB- . SmartQsine is the first wireless monitoring system for food and cooking supplies . Items are placed in jars on the $ 39 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- SmartQsine device . An app then lets homeowners check the precise amounts of anything in their kitchen using a smartphone or tablet , thanks to a built-in sensor pad . As food from the jar is used up notifications are sent automatically to the phone to warn when its running low . Any food item can be used and calibrated with the pad and people can check the status of the jar at any point and while shopping , for example . The firm said : ` No more guesswork , n more over buying . Just check your smart device and get the exact amount you have left . ` SmartQsine works great solo or together with multiple sensor pads - it 's perfect in the home , office pantry , professional kitchen and more . '