They are the chocolate treats we most look forward to at Easter , and in Britain alone more than 90 million of them are consumed every year . But this year traditional Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover , appearing on supermarket shelves and restaurant menus made of meat , Marmite - and a giant block of cheese . Grab your egg-cups as we take a look at the most bonkers eggs in Britain ... Fortnum & Mason 's Chotch Egg is the world 's first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg . Would you eat this ? The Marmite chocolate egg has a strong , rather beefy aftertaste . From yeast-flavoured chocolate -LRB- we 're looking at you , Marmite -RRB- to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar , here is FEMAIL 's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try this Easter . Love me , Hate me , Break Me - the Marmite Easter Egg , £ 5 . A Marmite chocolate egg made with the love-it-or-hate it spread accompanied with Marmite Cashew nuts makes for a fun Yeaster treat . This beefy-tasting egg divided the FEMAIL team with some enjoying the depth of flavour from the savour extract that flavours the chocolate while others could n't stomach the strange tangy-sweet combination . Chocolate Egg and Soldiers , £ 7.99 . Choc n Choc 's ingenious interpretation on the Easter egg will get the troops in position on Sunday morning . Each set includes a white chocolate fried egg with four soldiers ready for dipping . We 're queuing up for ours . Egg on toast by Choc on Choc 's combination of white and milk chocolate with realistic toasted effects on the bread and egg that appears cooked to perfection with a vibrant yellow yolk . A pancake stack stuffed with creme eggs from Polo Bar -LRB- left -RRB- and Wyke Farms Cheaster cheddar egg -LRB- right -RRB- . Fortnum & Mason 's ` Chotch Egg , £ 3.99 . The department store has created the ultimate Easter hybrid in the form of the ` Chotch Egg ' . Think half Scotch Egg , half Easter Egg , the ` Chotch Egg is the world 's first gourmet chocolate scotch egg and combines two of Fortnum & Mason 's best loved products . Crafted by Fortnum & Mason Executive Chef , Sydney Aldridge , the gastronomic delight features a free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk , wrapped in British outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent Valrhona dark chocolate , infused with juniper berries . It is finished with a crisp layer of homemade breadcrumbs . The ` Chotch egg is a free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk , wrapped in British outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent Valrhona dark chocolate . Hotel Chocolat 's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box . Paul A Young 's Sea Salted Caramel filled egg , £ 19.95 . The priciest egg here , this Easter favourite is the chocolatier 's signature . The Sea Salted Caramel filled egg is decorated in gold and served up with an egg cup and spoon . Hotel Chocolate Egg Sandwich , £ 10 . Everyone loves an egg sandwich . But dare we say it , we think Hotel Chocolat has improved on the original recipe with their playful take on the sarnie . Sandwiched between two slices of 50 per cent milk and feuilletine chocolate are two beautiful milk chocolate eggshells , which come presented in a classic sandwich takeaway box ? A delicious twist on the classic Easter egg and a fun gift . Fun and yummy-looking , this features two caramel half-eggs sandwiched with caramel chocolate . There are also white and and dark options . Godiva 's Alter Eggo , £ 5 . Godiva chocolatiers will create your Alter-Eggo by dipping their Easter eggs in tempered chocolate and making hair from crushed Speculoos biscuit , or milk chocolate flakes , then delicately adding your own choice of eyes . For £ 5 you can customise your two eggs with hair , eyes and a smile at all Godiva stores . Godiva 's Alter Eggo 's which can be made at their stores -LRB- left -RRB- . The £ 19.95 sea salt caramel filled egg from Paul Young -LRB- right -RRB- comes with an egg cup and spoon . He 's a good egg ! Fried egg and soldiers from Choc on Choc . Wyke Farms Cheese egg , POA . The Giant Cheaster Egg is two feet tall and made with 85g x 300g blocks of award winning Wyke Farms cheddar . And best of all , Wyke Farms is giving away one 24-inch egg to a cheddar-loving family . Entry details are on their website , www.wykefarms.com . Egg on Toast , £ 12 . Choc on Choc 's clever combination of white and milk chocolate with realistic toasted effects on the bread and egg that appears cooked to perfection with a vibrant yellow yolk . This delicious treat can be enjoyed anytime of the day and would n't appear out of place on the breakfast table . Easter Egg pancake stacks , £ 7.95 . It 's not just the chocolatiers who 've jumped on board the weird egg bandwagon . Purveyors of London 's premier pancake stacks . Polo 24 Hour Bar are cracking a few eggs this Easter with the ultimate Easter Egg Pancake Stack . Designed for those blessed with a sweet tooth this pancake is loaded with classic creme and mini eggs piled with cream and topped with caramel sauce . This sweet eggy treat will be available throughout April .