Tousled hair . Check . Five o'clock shadow across a lantern jaw . Check . A hint of fresh sweat ? Check . The current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a ` pretty but gritty ' look that makes Colin Firth 's erstwhile Mr Darcy look positively hygienic . Shows such as Poldark , Vikings , Outlander and Game of Thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal and asking them to get down and dirty for their art , much to the delight of watching female fans . Battle of the breeches ! Actor Kit Harington -LRB- left -RRB- , clad in leather , plays Jon Snow in the hit HBO fantasy series Game of Thrones . And the dimly-lit period setting - think candlelight and flaming torches - only serves to accentuate the mean and moody looks . Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in the BBC 's much talked-about Sunday night offering . So enthralled are the viewing public by the Irish actor 's good looks and rippling physique - which he shows off in plenty of topless scenes - that several Twitter handles have been dedicated to parts of Poldark 's anatomy . Ongoing HBO success , Game of Thrones has caused a similar loin-stirring frenzy among those watching with characters such as Jon Snow and Jaime Lannister perfecting the tender but rugged look . Time travel drama , Outlander , based on the books by Diana Gabaldon , flings main character Claire Randall into the arms of 18th century Highland warrior Jamie Fraser , played by Sam Heughan . The handsome Scotsman admits he has found the ensuing attention overwhelming . And flying the flag for Nordic hunks is Travis Fimmel , who stars in the show Vikings , which charts the tumultuous rise of Viking king Ragnar Lothbrok . With his shaved hair , beard and quiff , Fimmel could be mistaken for a London hipster were he not pretending to be a Norse seafarer . So who are the actors behind this new breed of slightly grubby yet thoroughly enticing sex symbol ? And do they ever wash their hair ? We dig a little deeper below : . Scroll down for video . Stubble and swashbuckling : 2015 is all about the unkempt hunk . Leading the way is ` Poldark and handsome ' Aidan Turner . POLDARK . Aidan Turner continues to get the nation 's ladies a little breathless in his role as Captain Ross Poldark for the BBC . The star , pretty much an unknown before the hit show , has been catapulted into the spotlight with his ` Poldark and handsome ' appeal responsible for soaring viewing figures . Irishman Aidan has stoked the fires somewhat himself by offering up some of the BBC beauty secrets that have transformed him into Winston Graham 's hero . Aiden admitted to using baby oil to show off his well-honed pecs and even a slick of eyeliner to make his deep brown eyes stand out . Although the actor wo n't be drawn on his chest hair , his man rug does appear to have been pruned ... ensuring Poldark is pretty but still gritty . The other Jon Snow : With his wild locks and leather outfits , actor Kit Harington has stolen hearts in Game of Thrones , pictured above with co-star Rose Leslie . Hot metal : Danish actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau played wild-man Jaime Lannister in Game of Thrones . GAME OF THRONES . Actors Kit Harington and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau have brought this medieval fantasy epic to a whole new audience with their wild man antics . Not entirely dissimilar to Aidan Turner in looks , Kit Harington plays Jon Snow -LRB- no , not the tie-sporting Channel 4 news presenter -RRB- in the HBO fantastical series and matches a smattering of stubble with dark curls and puppy dog eyes . The star has admitted to having a ` baby face underneath all of this fuzz ' and that he has to stay away from the shampoo for the role , sometimes for as long as up to six weeks . Describing his less-than-attentive hair regime , he told GQ magazine last year : ` I like it to look greasy and medieval . ' He admits his locks get ` very tangled ' and by the end of a six-week shoot , they look ` pretty horrible . ' Co-star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , who plays bearded brute Jaime Lannister , has something of the Sean Bean in Lady Chatterley 's Lover about him . Until series four when Jamie lost his right hand , his character was known as the best sword fighter in the world , cue lots of swashbuckling and rolling around in mud ... all usually by torchlight . The disheveled , combative image may have been toned down a little but fans continue to trip off his every word ... all of which seem to be spoken in perfect English , despite the fact that Coster-Waldau is Danish . Tartan has never looked so good : Sam Heughan plays Scottish warrior Jamie Fraser in Outlander , the adaptation of Diana Gabaldon 's time-travel novels . Not a hair product in sight : Sam 's looks are left free to curl any which way they choose in Outlander . OUTLANDER . Sam Heughan plays fierce-yet-tender Scottish warrior Jamie Fraser in Outlander , the adaptation of Diana Gabaldon 's time-travel novels . With a thick Highland accent , Jamie wears a kilt and faces all that a Scottish soldier living 300 years ago might have had to , from being flung from a horse to having the skin flayed from his back . As a laird-turned-fighter , Jamie 's key look is ` mucking out the horses ' , all while wearing a skirt . His knees seem to permanently covered in mud . Of his kilt-wearing , dashing actor Sam has admitted that he liked the experience . He said previously : ` I thoroughly enjoy it . When I do have to put trousers on now , I sort of refuse and stomp my feet because riding a horse in a kilt is very liberating , very freeing actually . ` And very comfortable . Also , should you ever need to do a nature relief , go to the restroom behind a tree , it 's very quick , it 's very easy . I recommend it for everyone . ' Swoon ! Australian actor Travis Fimmel in Vikings has come a long way since his days modelling underwear for Calvin Klein ... but would you mistake him for a hipster if was wearing a tight , white t-shirt ? Travis first shot to fame in 2002 as the face of Calvin Klein 's famous men 's underwear range . His billboard posters were said to have caused traffic pile-ups in America , while the then 23-year-old became the first male model to be signed exclusively by Calvin Klein for an entire year , earning him a six-figure sum . VIKINGS . Former Calvin Klein underwear model Travis Fimmel , 35 , might not look out of place wandering down Shoreditch high street when he 's dressed up as Viking king Ragnar Lothbrok . With his hair shaved on the sides , a full beard on his chin and a greased-up quiff atop his head , there 's certainly a distinct whiff of the hipster look him about when in character . If the clang of chain metal floats your boat then this Viking family saga is brimming with rugged idols . Not that Fimmel particularly cares for his looks . Previously known for his long hair , perfectly groomed appearance , six-pack and bulging underpants in the Calvin Klein days , the actor does n't mind how he looks onscreen these days . He told FEMAIL : ` I do n't give a s *** about that . We 've got a whole team to make us look good . ' If anything the actor finds the deliberate dressing up something of a chore . He said : ` My hair takes 40 minutes and the costume takes 20 minutes to get into . It means I have to get up an hour earlier in the morning . '