A British-born street artist is taking a bold stand against American culture in his most recent piece currently on display across Los Angeles . This week , artist Plastic Jesus put up seven ` NO Kardashian Parking Anytime ' signs around Hollywood , including in front of the Kim , Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian-owned clothing store Dash and other hot spots such as the Ivy Restaurant and Cecconi 's on Melrose . Plastic Jesus told The Hollywood Reporter that he came up with the idea for the piece while driving down Melrose Avenue a few weeks ago . London-born street artist Plastic Jesus erected several ` No Kardashian Parking Anytime ' signs around Los Angeles this week - including one right outside the Kardashian sister 's clothing store Dash . Plastic Jesus says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago , when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street . The Kardashian family pictured above attending Easter celebrations at a church in Calabasas , California on April 5 . He says traffic came to a complete halt when one of the Kardashian sisters walked out of a storefront and paparazzi swarmed to grab a picture . Plastic Jesus remembers thinking ` How has this become a news event ? ' ` The Kardashian family has become ingrained in our culture , ' he said . ` We 've allowed mainstream media to become so profit-driven , we are sacrificing genuine news stories to satiate our vapid celebrity obsessions . ' ` I guarantee that same number of paparazzi was far greater than any number of photographers chasing real news . ' After the incident on Melrose , Plastic Jesus thought up an idea to draw attention to the obsession with reality TV stars . ` The Kardashian family has become ingrained in our culture . We 've allowed mainstream media to become so profit-driven , we are sacrificing genuine news stories to satiate our vapid celebrity obsessions , ' Plastic Jesus said . Plastic Jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the Kardashians specifically but the reality TV star obsession in general . Plastic Jesus has been compared to street artist Banksy for his graffiti in L.A. . He received attention recently for spraying signs that read ` Stop Making Stupid People Famous ' around the town and for a touching tribute to Robin Williams following the actor 's death . Anonymous : Above , a picture of the street artist posted to his Instagram page . However , Plastic Jesus says the signs are n't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically , but rather the whole world of reality television . ` These signs are intended to be a practical joke and cause amusement . I hope the Kardashians will see the funny side of it . I do n't have a problem with them , ' he told the New York Daily News . Plastic Jesus has been compared to street artist Banksy for his graffiti in L.A. . He received attention recently for spraying signs that read ` Stop Making Stupid People Famous ' around the town and for a touching tribute to Robin Williams following the actor 's death . He was also behind an installation on Hollywood Boulevard , showing an Oscar statue snorting cocaine . For his next project , Plastic Jesus is considering tackling the topic of California 's crippling drought .