If your partner is an early riser and you are rudely awoken by their alarm every morning , a new gadget could help you lie in . The alarm clock , called Wakē , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . The wall-mounted device creates a ` personal sunrise ' and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . Scroll down for video . The alarm clock , called Wakē -LRB- pictured -RRB- rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . The wall-mounted device creates a ` personal sunrise ' and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . It uses a white LED to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper 's face to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster . Instead of relying on cameras , the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat . It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that 's used to differentiate between sleepers . Mounted on a wall , the gadget pivots to send a focused beam of sound towards one sleeper that is emitted by a parametric speaker . Parametric speakers use ultrasonic waves to create a very narrow , audible beam , which should only be heard by one sleeper , allowing their partner to continue to doze . The alarm clock pivots -LRB- pictured -RRB- to make sure it targets a person accurately , even if a couple are cuddled up . The Wakē alarm is affixed to the wall behind the bed . It has an inbuilt sensor to detect sleepers ' body heat . The device pivots and sends a directed beam of light and sound to rouse an individual . It partners with an app so that users can tell the device which side of the bed they sleep on and when they want to wake up . At the same time , an LED light grows brighter to simulate sunlight , encouraging a sleeper to wake up more naturally . ` Wakē uses a parametric speaker -LRB- like a laser beam of sound -RRB- to deliver focused , soothing sounds that start quietly , and grow louder slowly as the light beam grows brighter , ' according to the device 's Kickstarter page . ` Since Wakē 's light and sound is aimed at you , your partner can rest peacefully while you wake up energised . ' The device has been invented by Los Angeles-based firm Lucera Labs . It is hoping to raise $ 100,000 -LRB- £ 66,934 -RRB- on the crowdfunding site to put the alarm clock into production . The alarm uses a white LED to slowly slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper 's face -LRB- pictured -RRB- to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster . Wakē uses a parametric speaker , like a laser beam of sound , to deliver ` focused , soothing sounds that start quietly , and grow louder . Parametric speakers use ultrasonic waves to create narrow , audible beams . This diagram shows how the Wakē gadget works . The Wakē app -LRB- three screenshots are shown -RRB- works like a regular alarm clock app so users can tell it which side of the bed they sleep on and how and when they want to wake up . ` Once you 're awoken , Wakē will reposition itself should you roll over and shut itself off when you get up , ' the company continued . ` You can always snooze or deactivate any alarm using the Wakē app . ' The Wakē app works like a regular alarm clock app so users can say how and when they want to wake up , hit the snooze button and , importantly , tell the device which side of the bed they sleep on . The alarm costs $ 250 -LRB- £ 167 -RRB- to pre-order on Kickstarter and is due to ship in September . Using a traditional alarm clock or mobile phone alarm can be annoying for couples who wake up or need to get up for work at different times , as one of them can not carry on sleeping -LRB- illustrated with a stock image -RRB- . Instead of using cameras , the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat . It also has built-in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it can be used with a phone app .