It is the show with an ever rising death count , where not even the most powerful man in the kingdom is safe on the toilet . Yet , for its female characters , Game of Thrones has some of the most powerful roles for actresses on television . The HBO drama , which is based on George RR Martin 's fantasy novels , is about to begin its fifth series , which has seen many of the female characters take leading roles - mainly because the men have died in increasingly tragic circumstances . Scroll down for video . Emilia Clarke , left , who plays Daenerys Targaryen believes Game of Thrones has great female characters . Lena Headey , left , has hinted that scheming Cersei Lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five . Arya Stark -LRB- played by Maisie Williams -RRB- grows from feisty tomboy to child assassin and nomad . Emilia Clarke , who plays Daenerys Targaryen is set to bring her army , replete with dragons , to Westeros for the final showdown . She said : ` You start to see all of the women in the show accepting who they are and embodying that with such power that it 's palpable . ` I think that 's the beauty of the show : as women , we accept our femininity and take strength from it , as opposed to trying to hide it and behave in a masculine way . ' As series five begins , other female characters are battling for survival - and vengeance . Arya Stark is an assassin and a nomad , her older sister Sansa is forced to rely on her feminine wiles and sinister queen Cersei Lannister clings to power in King 's Landing . The sorceress Melisandre has control over another claimant to the throne , Stannis Baratheon , and is bringing her magic to The Wall , where Jon Snow struggles against incipient rebellion among the Night 's Watch . Sansa Stark -LRB- Sophie Turner -RRB- must rely on her feminine wiles to survive , while Tyrion Lannister is a renegade , fleeing from his family who want to kill him for slaughtering his father Tywin while he was on the loo . Despite the massive death count , Kit Harington , pictured , who plays Jon Snow has survived into series five . The beheading of Ned Stark , played by Sean Bean , was the most shocking death of the first series and a signal to fans that none of their heroes were safe . Charles Dance put in a terrifying performance as the stern patriarch Tywin Lannister who meets his end on the loo , shot by his son Tyrion with a crossbow . After four seasons of torture and explicit sex scenes the show has been criticised for the levels of sexual violence , yet it is the male characters who tend to meet an unfortunate end . Tywin Lannister , played by Charles Dance was shot on the toilet by his son , while Ned Stark , played by Sean Bean , was beheaded . No family escapes the slaughter with Tywin 's grandson , the young King Joffrey killed by poisoned wine at his wedding . And his son-in-law King Robert Baratheon dies after being mauled by a wild boar . A key death that helps set Daenerys on her path to female warlord , liberator and fearsome ` Mother of Dragons ' , is that of her manipulative brother Viserys , who is killed by having molten gold poured over his head . King Joffrey -LRB- left -RRB- , played by Jack Gleeson , is poisoned during his wedding to Margaery Tyrell ; Daenaerys 's brother Viserys Targaryen -LRB- Harry Lloyd -RRB- , is killed by having molten gold poured over his head . Khal Drogo , played by Jason Momoa , becomes ill from an infected wound and then the black magic his wife Daenerys employs to save him reduces him to a vegetative state , so she smothers him and burns his body . Daenerys 's husband , the tribal leader Khal Drogo , then dies after a wise woman uses black magic to reduce him to a vegetative state - and his wife smothers him and burns his body . Despite the succession of ever more imaginative and shocking demises , Maisie Williams , who plays Arya Stark - the feisty child warrior who has yet to learn of her brother Robb 's killing at the massacre dubbed the Red Wedding - has promised even bigger shocks in the new episodes . ` When I say , `` There 's a massive change in Game of Thrones '' , I think it 's the first time I 've actually meant it ! People are going to think , `` You go through a change every year ! '' Yet , according to the 17-year-old , viewers better brace themselves when the new series starts on Sky Atlantic in the UK . She said : ` But this year it 's on a completely different level , and that 's why it 's so exciting . It sounds so broad , but actually `` change '' is really , really specific . ' Richard Madden 's Robb Stark -LRB- left -RRB- , meets a grisly end during his own nuptials in a massacre dubbed the Red Wedding ; Oberyn Martell , nicknamed The Viper -LRB- played by Pedro Pascal -RRB- , is killed during a fight with man-mountain Gregor Clegane . The death of King Robert Baratheon , played by Mark Addy -LRB- left -RRB- kicks off the entire series , after he 's mauled by a wild boar after his wife Cersei plied him with wine before a hunt ; his brother Renly Baratheon , Gethin Anthony , -LRB- right -RRB- is assassinated by a shadow summoned by his own brother 's sorceress adviser Melisandre . The fifth series also sees the introduction of three new female characters , known as the Sand Snakes . Part of a brood of eight illegitimate daughters of Prince Oberyn Martell , who is killed in a brutal fight with Gregor ` The Mountain ' Clegane in Westeros at the end of season four , the women -LRB- Obara , Nymeria and Tyene -RRB- , who are all trained in combat , seek revenge for the brutal death of their father . Meanwhile , Lena Headey , who plays the scheming Cersei Lannister , told the Radio Times that her character may survive the entire ten episodes of series five . One of the few left alive from her family , with her father , husband and eldest son dead , and her twin brother -LRB- and former lover -RRB- roaming the land as a one-armed fighter , the former queen is fighting to remain in power . She told the magazine : ` Cersei 's a woman born in the wrong time , to a terrible father , and raising her kids . ' But she warns that the arch-manipulator is about to learn some ` really severe lessons ' . Let the games begin .