Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo after the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday 's Greenham Stakes . But Varian 's determination to keep the son of Lope De Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at Newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent at Newmarket on May 2 . Andrea Atzeni riding Belardo to win The Dubai Dewhurst Stakes at Newmarket racecourse . Varian , who has an interesting Derby trial contender in Newbury maiden winner Intilaaq , said : ` James -LRB- Doyle -RRB- looked after him and we will protect him from fast ground in future . His work in the build-up to the race had been excellent . ' Varian had plenty of practise of planning such a programme last year when keeping his currently sidelined St Leger winner Kingston Hill away from quick ground . Atzeni riding Kingston Hill to win The Ladbrokes St Leger Stakes at Doncaster racecourse . A trip to France for Belardo could mean a re-match with Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar . Trainer Charlie Hills said the French Guineas was an option for his colt . Clive Cox is ` pretty certain ' Dewhurst Stakes runner-up Kodi Bear will miss the 2,000 Guineas after picking up an injury . But Richard Hannon says Tiggy Wiggy is likely to take her place in the 1,000 Guineas on May 3 despite her disappointing third to Ralph Beckett 's Redstart in the Fred Darling Stakes , an effort that prompted some bookies to remove her from ante-post lists . Hannon ` s Greenham Stakes second and third , Estidhkaar and Ivawood , also remain on course for the 2,000 Guineas where they could meet his Craven Stakes winner Kool Kompany . Hannon also has Craven Stakes third Moheet in the Guineas . Frankie Dettori will have to choose whether to ride him or John Quinn 's The Wow Signal . Both are owned by Sheik Joaan Al Thani . Tiggy Wiggy ridden by Richard Hughes wins the Pinsent Masons Lowther Stakes at York racecourse . The Wow Signal ridden by Frankie Dettori breaks away to win the Coventry Stakes at Ascot Racecourse . Hughes riding Ivawood in the Middle Park Stakes during The Future Champions Day at Newmarket .