The podium girl is the centre of a ` sexism storm ' after Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in her face said she was n't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job . The British Formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl Liu Siying , who was pictured looking less than impressed . But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate , who was a ` podium girl ' at the Chinese Grand Prix , said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed . Scroll down for video . Liu Siying was pictured grimacing as Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at her face after winning the race . Sexism campaigners called Hamilton 's behaviour ` selfish ' but Siying said she did not think too much about it . The hostess said : ` I was told by my employer to stand on the podium , and that 's what I did ' ` It lasted for only one or two seconds , and I did not think too much about it at all , ' Miss Siying told the Shanghai Daily . ` I think some foreign media are more sensitive about the topic compared to local media . ` I was just told by my employer to stand on the podium , and that 's what I did . ' Miss Siying had asked to work as a podium model on the stage of the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai because she was a fan of Finnish driver Kimi Raikkonen . After the incident on Sunday , Object , a campaign group against sexism , condemned the behaviour of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' and called on Hamilton to apologise to the graduate . Others have called the driving ace an 'em barrassment to the UK ' , while another said his actions showed that he was an ` ignorant clown ' . Scroll down for video . It 's not the first time racing ace Lewis Hamilton has sprayed a grid girl with bubbly - he 's also done it after winning the Spanish Grand Prix and even at the Austrian Grand Prix , where he lost out on the top spot . After seeing the pictures the chief executive of campaign group Object asked for Hamilton to apologise . Speaking on Monday , Roz Hardie , chief executive of Object said Miss Siying would have had ittle choice but to ` stand there and take it ' . She said : ` The photographs appear to show that the woman is not just being splashed , but that the champagne is being very specifically directed into her face , which does not look like a voluntary piece of horseplay on her part . ` If this if the case we think Lewis Hamilton should apologise for his actions and think carefully about how he behaves in the future . For most people , it would be apparent that she is not enjoying it . ` It is surely a very difficult position to be a grid girl and she would have had little option but to stand there and take it . That is something of which he should be aware . But instead , he appears to have abused her position . ` It 's unfortunate that a great victory has been marred by what appears to be selfish and inconsiderate behaviour . ' Ms Hardie added that the episode highlighted the more general issue of women being viewed as sexual objects in the motoring world . Hamilton also sprayed a hostess at Montmelo after winning the Spanish Grand Prix at Circuit de Catalunya . She said : ` Motor racing appears to unnecessarily portray women as sexualised objects and that probably makes it even harder for the women to stand up for themselves . We would hope people in the industry would be respectful to these women . On Twitter , Hamilton was described as a ` bully ' and ` disgusting ' . Another user simply said : ` Man please stop spraying Champagne on the Podium Ladies . They do n't like it ' , while one outraged user said he was a ` scumbag - an embarrassment to UK ' . Another wrote : ` Have a bit more respect for the ladies please . Spraying Champagne in her face was out of order #child #idiot . ' And one tweeted : ` Shame on you F1 and Lewis Hamilton for disgraceful treatment of women during champagne celebration #sexism . ' It is not the first time the racing icon has whipped out his victory move . He celebrated in a similar fashion after winning Spanish Grand Prix last year , which was his fourth consecutive win in a row and the one that finally put him on top of the World Championship table . And although he lost the Austrian Grand Prix to teammate Nico Rosberg , he did n't shy away from popping the cork directly at a hostess . The 30-year-old was even asked to demonstrate his champagne skills on Graham Norton 's talk show in 2013 . But not everyone was offended by his behaviour . Many found his actions amusing , while another said : ` I can think of worse things to happen at work than getting sprayed in the face with champagne by @LewisHamilton . . Lighten up people ! ' Hamilton controlled the contest in Shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the Formula One world championship yesterday . But it was n't all smiles at yesterday 's race after a serious feud was sparked between Hamilton and his teammate Nico Rosberg , following a press conference . It was n't all smiles after a serious feud was sparked between Hamilton and his teammate Nico Rosberg . The Mercedes driver poses with his trophy and champagne bottle on the podium after winning on Sunday . His Mercedes partner accused him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel . With the top three drivers covered by only 3.5 seconds ahead of the final round of pit-stops , Rosberg reported on the radio that ` Lewis is driving very slowly . Tell him to speed up . ' Hamilton , seemingly protecting his tyres , was given the hurry-up by Mercedes and both he and Rosberg eventually emerged from their final pit-stop first and second with Vettel third . The world champion , sitting beside his teammate , told the press conference yesterday : ` I was n't controlling his race , I was controlling my own race . ` My goal was to look after my car . I had no real threat from Nico throughout the whole race . ' A visibly angry Rosberg replied : ` It 's just now interesting to hear from you Lewis that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace in front when that was compromising my race . Nico Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- accused Hamilton of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under pressure . ` Driving slower than was maybe necessary in the beginning of the stint meant Sebastian was close to me and it opened up the opportunity for Sebastian to try an early pit stop to try and jump me and then I had to cover him . ` It was unnecessarily close with Sebastian as a result , and also it cost me a lot of race time because I had to cover him . Then my tyres died at the end of the race because my stint was just so much longer , so I 'm unhappy about that . ' The spat has reopened the wounds from last year when both men tried to out-manoeuvre , and at times out-pysch one another as their battle for the title unfolded . It culminated in the pair colliding with one another in the Belgian Grand Prix , resulting in Rosberg being reprimanded and sanctioned by the team . This proved to be a turning point in the championship as Hamilton went on to dominate the closing races en route to taking his second crown .