A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her ` toy . ' The buyer , Wendy Wei Mei Wu , is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island , which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand 's North Island . The 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from North Island . It boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . The NZ $ 7.5 million -LRB- AUD $ 6.765 million -RRB- sale has divided the family who own the island , with some of them claiming it represents ' the loss of the family 's legacy ' , reports Stuff NZ . Slipper Island , a 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand 's North Island , has been purchased for AUD $ 6.75 million . The 217 hectare island was purchased by former property developer Wendy Wei Mei Wu . Ms Wu lists her occupation online as ` housewife , ' but she is otherwise shrouded in mystery and was referred to by NZ Herald as ` publicity shy . ' A former property developer , Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year , the $ NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion in the affluent Auckland suburb of Remuera . Her daughter Vivienne Zhuo has assisted with negotiations for the purchase , and said her mother ` just loves the island ' and ` it 's a toy for her , ' though they 're undecided on future plans for the island . Daily Mail Australia has contacted Ms Zhuo , but she declined to comment on future plans for the island . The 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . Her daughter Vivienne Zhuo has assisted with negotiations for the purchase , and said her mother ` just loves the island ' and ` it 's a toy for her , ' though they 're undecided on future plans for the island . The island is currently used by day-trippers and school camp users , and the cabins can be rented from between $ 250 - $ 750 a night . The sale has divided the Needham family who own the island , with some of them claiming it represents ' the loss of the family 's legacy ' Slipper Island is currently used by day-trippers and school camp users , and the cabins can be rented from between $ 250 - $ 750 a night . It has been owned by the Needham family for 45 years . There are 13 siblings in the family , many of whom are shareholders in the island . While the islands biggest shareholder-Liz Needham - is in favour of the sale , it was reported that other shareholders , who chose not to be named , were devastated to be losing ` the family legacy ' where some of family members ashes lay . It 's believed the sale has also saddened local Maori tribes , who are concerned about the conservation of several historic sites on the island . Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year , the $ NZ 15 million Fairholm mansion in the affluent Auckland suburb of Remuera -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The six bedroom , 4,036 sq metre property came with an indoor pool , tennis court , and stunning harbour views .