For former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson , revenge is a dish best served cold . The ex-college player was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago . But he has had the last laugh , after he jumped on revelations the TV reporter 's boyfriend , Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll , was busted in Las Vegas last week , accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA , or ` molly ' , into the MGM Grand hotel . He tweeted the former Dancing With The Stars contestant on Monday saying : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend . ' Revenge : Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson jumped on the revelations Jarret Stoll -LRB- right -RRB- was arrested in a drugs bust last week by tweeting to Erin Andrews : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend . ' He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test . Andrews responded to the news then by saying : ` He mocking anyone now ? ' She was referencing his reputation of being a hothead and badmouthing other players . Henderson responded with the message : ` ima save that and you will be the first person ill mock . ' He has waited two years to get his revenge . On Monday TMZ sports reported that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of MDMA by hiding them in his board shorts . Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach , California during the offseason , with the Kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident . His reaction came two years after the TV reporter said : ` He mocking anyone now ? ' after he was suspended for failing a drugs test . He warned the ex-Dancing With The Stars contestant she was in the firing line . After learning of Stoll 's arrest , he posted this on Twitter to Andrews - getting his revenge two years on . Stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular HBO show Entourage , was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $ 5,000 bail . The charges include possession of Class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . Michael Pariente , a Las Vegas criminal defense lawyer , says that Stoll will likely be offered a plea deal as a first time offender . Speaking with TSN , he said ; ` It 's pretty much a slap on the wrist . Even if he was going to represent himself they 'd make him an offer like this . ' This would include a $ 1,000 fee , an online drug awareness course , and possibly community service . Henderson is currently playing in Baghdad in the Iraqi Super League . His history with cocaine and marijuana use led to him being undrafted by the NBA in 2014 . Stoll was arrested at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas for trying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA , or molly , into a pool area -LRB- mugshot left -RRB- . Stoll -LRB- pictured with Andrews -RRB- was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach . He is a member of the current Stanley Cup holders the LA Kings . They will not be able to retain their title this year after failing to qualify for the play offs .