It has been almost a month since an Italian model accused movie executive Harvey Weinstein of groping her , and Wednesday night he and his wife were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident . Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland in New York City . The play , which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp . The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well , attending Finding Neverland rehearsals , celebrating Easter together with their children , and at a party for Georgina 's birthday earlier in the week . Scroll down for video . Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman -LRB- above -RRB- turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway play Finding Neverland on Wednesday . Composer Gary Barlow , actor Matthew Morrison , Weinstein , actress Laura Michelle Kelly and actor Kelsey Grammer at the premiere . The happy couple were joined by stars including Helen Mirren , Bryan Cranston , Ansel Elgort , Darren Criss , Olivia Wilde and Christoph Waltz for the opening night of the play , which received disastrous reviews from critics . New York Magazine called the show ` badly written ' and ` frustrating , ' while the New York Times said the production is ` largely made up of empty calories . ' Ambra Battilana -LRB- above -RRB- claimed Weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt during a meeting at his office in March . Earlier this week Chapman shared a photo of the birthday flowers -LRB- above -RRB- Weinstein sent her . And while Weinstein may not be thrilled with these reviews , he is not doubt happy with the news that he will not be facing criminal charges for last month 's groping incident . District attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero said last Friday : ` This case was taken seriously from the outset , with a thorough investigation conducted by our Sex Crimes Unit . ` After analyzing the available evidence , including multiple interviews with both parties , a criminal charge is not supported . ' Ambra Battilana claimed Weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt during a meeting at his office in March . Olivia Wilde -LRB- left -RRB- and Georgina Chapman -LRB- right -RRB- attend The Opening Night performance of Finding Neverland on Broadway at The Lunt-Fontanne Theatre on Wednesday night in New York City . The model , 22 , also claimed Weinstein asked if her boobs were real . Weinstein reportedly cooperated with police throughout their investigation . The perfectly polished Chapman , 38 , and notoriously brash Weinstein , 63 , began dating in late 2004 and were married three years later at their Connecticut estate . The wedding , in which the British beauty wore one of her own Marchesa designs , was packed with celebrities , including Cameron Diaz , Renee Zellweger , Naomi Watts , Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez and Vogue editrix Anna Wintour , to name just a few . They welcomed daughter India in 2010 and son Dashiell three years later . Weinstein and Chapman were last photographed together at this year 's Academy Awards -LRB- above -RRB- .