A Montana judge who was censured by the state 's high court for his comments about a 14-year-old rape victim has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . Yellowstone Area Bar Association President Jessica Fehr said Thursday that former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group 's board of directors . Baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case . At Rambold 's August 2013 sentencing , Baugh said Moralez was ` as much in control of the situation ' as Rambold , the Billings Gazette reported at the time . Baugh , per the newspaper , described the teenage girl as ` older than her chronological age ' and called her a troubled youth . Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial . Scroll down for video . Selected : Former District Judge G. Todd Baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . He sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that a 14-year-old girl shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . Victim : Cherice Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial . At former teacher Stacey Rambold 's sentencing , Baugh said that Moralez was ` as much in control of the situation ' as Rambold . The judge told the Billings Gazette in August 2013 ` Obviously , a 14-year-old ca n't consent . I think that people have in mind that this was some violent , forcible , horrible rape . ` It was horrible enough as it is just given her age , but it was n't this forcible beat-up rape . ' Baugh later apologized in regards to the comments concerning Moralez , telling the Gazette that month ` I do n't know what I was thinking or trying to say . It was just stupid and wrong . ' In an August 2013 letter to the newspaper , Baugh said ` In the Rambold sentencing , I made references to the victim 's age and control . I 'm not sure just what I was attempting to say , but it did not come out correct . ` What I said is demeaning of all women , not what I believe and irrelevant to the sentencing . My apologies to all my fellow citizens . ' After prosecutors appealed , Rambold was re-sentenced in September and is serving 10 years in Montana State Prison . Rambold is appealing the sentence . Legal case : Baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez -LRB- right -RRB- shared some responsibility for her rape by teacher Stacey Rambold -LRB- left -RRB- . Baugh , who served almost 30 years as a state judge , stepped down last year after being censured by the Montana Supreme Court for his comments and suspended from the bench for 31 days . He told The Associated Press on Thursday that he did n't know who nominated him for the achievement award . He also repeated his assertion that media reports about the rape case had not told the whole story . ` I 'm not trying to say I did n't make any mistakes . If you go into all the mistakes that were made , it would give a better-balanced report , ' Baugh said . Fehr said Baugh had been nominated for the award by members of the bar association , but she declined to say who that was or why he was chosen . Case : Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case . After prosecutors appealed , Rambold was re-sentenced in September and is serving 10 years in Montana State Prison . Rambold is appealing the sentence . Despite the embarrassment Baugh brought on the Montana judiciary , at least some colleagues stuck by him . Baugh later apologized for his remarks . He was also censured by the Montana Supreme Court for his comments and suspended from the bench for 31 days . Marian Bradley , Northwest regional director for the National Organization for Women , said the award was inappropriate given Baugh 's conduct on the bench . Regardless of his prior accomplishments , Bradley said the Rambold case can not be overlooked . ` The last chapter in his career , he put himself out there and did not protect a young girl and did not protect a community , ' Bradley said . ` Giving him a lifetime achievement award is going to send people into tailspins . ' Despite the embarrassment Baugh brought on the Montana judiciary , at least some colleagues stuck by him . In December , state District Judge Russell Fagg wrote in a column for the Billings Gazette that Baugh handled more than 30,000 cases in his career . ` He has made thousands of good calls , and a few bad calls , as have all of us , ' Fagg wrote . ` Bottom line : Baugh is a wonderful person . ' To speak to a counselor , contact the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-TALK .