If you 're bored of crosswords and sick of Sudoku , an enigmatic new riddle game may be just the mental challenge you need . A mysterious app called None * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses . There are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users , or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly . Scroll down for video . An intentionally mysterious app called None * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses . Examples of ` questions ' are pictured above left and right . Available for iOS , Android and Windows Phone devices , the description of the game in stores reads : ` No one really knows what none * game is about . ' The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text , as well as showing a small keyboard . Upon starting the game , there is no indication what the goal of it is , how many levels there are , or even how users are supposed to solve some of the more obscure riddles . However , the app can be completed and has 50 levels , according to people bragging on the App Store that they have completed the None * app . The questions are relatively simple to start with , including basic maths questions and others that have clear answers , but then extend to name associations , before seemingly showing random statements and even coordinates . Available for iOS , Android and Windows Phone devices , the description of the game in stores reads : ` No one really knows what none * game is about . ' It is intentionally more mysterious than a crossword -LRB- stock image -RRB- and does not have as descriptive clues or aids of hints or images to help players guess the answers . The app is available to download for iOS , Android and Windows Phone devices . Players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white . They use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress to the next level . There are 50 levels in total in ` Episode One ' and clues get progressively tougher . But upon playing the app , this is not known and it seems mysterious . The app 's inventor , Dimitris Chassapakis , said that around 10 per cent of people who downloaded the app have completed the puzzle game . Clues include : ` The ultimate question of life , the universe and everything , ' ' P + left step 1 + left step 7 + right step 1 + right step 1 ' and ` the answer is next . The next is answer ' . Then there is a blank space beneath the clue to write the answer . Athens-based Dimitris Chassapakis , who created None * , told Business Insider that it 's his first text-based puzzle game for mobile . He said that there are 50 levels in None * but just 10 per cent of players have completed the game . ` This is the first episode and if you solve all 50 levels you can subscribe for the release of Episode 2 -- probably this summer , ' he added . Between 10,000 and 50,000 people have downloaded the free app via Google Play but there are no stats from the App Store . Reviews of the game on Google Play include those from people waiting for part two . The app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text , as well as showing a small keyboard . The questions are relatively simple to start with , including maths questions and some that have clear answers , but then extend to name associations , before listing statements -LRB- left -RRB- and coodinates -LRB- right -RRB- . A user called Aaron Hutchinson wrote : ` While the game is a bit short , Episode 1 was a ton of fun . ` Some of the clues had me thinking for days . ` Once I stopped over thinking the clues , this became much more enjoyable . Ca n't wait for Episode 2 . ' However , it was n't such a hit with others . Exasperated player Scott Rudell wrote : ` Frustratingly vague `` puzzle '' game . None * refers to itself as a puzzle game , but that 's a poor descriptor . ` Puzzles have clues which lead to a correct answer . None * simply gives a single , usually insufficient clue without context , and you have to guess at which of the many possible answers is the one the game is looking for . ' Around 10 per cent of None * players have completed the app 's 50 levels and are eagerly anticipating their second episode , but others were simply frustrated with it -LRB- stock image -RRB- .