William Beggs -LRB- pictured -RRB- is known as the Limbs in the Loch killer for raping , murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace , 18 , in 1999 . A convicted murderer who murdered and dismembered his teenage victim has had boiling hot water thrown over him in an apparent revenge attack in a Scottish prison . William Beggs , 54 , known as the Limbs in the Loch murderer , was described by police at the time of his conviction in 2001 as a ` serial killer in the making ' . Beggs is serving a life sentence in Saughton Prison , Edinburgh , for raping , murdering and dismembering Barry Wallace , 18 , in Kilmarnock , Ayrshire , in 1999 . The teenager 's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the Ayrshire coast . Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack , the Scottish Daily Record reported yesterday . The alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to Shotts Prison . He reportedly told friends he was taking revenge after Beggs attacked him soon after he arrived at the prison . It is understood Beggs was treated for burns in the prison 's infirmary but did not need to attend hospital . The teenager 's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his head was dumped in the sea . Supermarket worker Mr Wallace vanished on December 5 1999 , after a Christmas night out with colleagues in his home town of Kilmarnock . In 2001 a jury found Beggs took the teenager to his flat and subjected him to a serious sexual assault . Beggs is serving a life sentence for murdering and dismembering shop worker Barry Wallace -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He then murdered him and cut up his body . Shortly after the crime , Beggs , originally from Northern Ireland , fled to the Netherlands . After lengthy extradition proceedings , he was ordered in January 2001 to be returned to Scotland to face trial . After the High Court jury delivered their majority verdict and found him guilty it was revealed Beggs was once cleared of a similar murder by appeal court judges on a technicality . Beggs was jailed in 1987 at Teeside Crown Court for murdering a barman he met in a gay nightclub by slashing his throat , only to have the conviction overturned by the Court of Appeal , the BBC reported at the time . The court also learned that at the same trial Beggs was convicted of two charges of wounding and sentenced to four months for each . He was also jailed for six years in 1991 for slashing the leg of a man who escaped by jumping through a glass window . Beggs has repeatedly tried and failed to have his conviction overturned at the Supreme Court .