Dog walkers have been warned about deliberate attempts to kill their animals after cocktail sausages laced with poison were found at a popular walking spot . A clutch of sausages stuffed with poisons were found on the Cuckoo Trail , a path running from Hampden Park to Heathfield near Hailsham . The grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby Brighton and Hove , and dog owners are now being warned by Sussex Police to be aware when they are out walking their animals . A man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages with poisonous pellets inserted into them . The cocktail sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog . They were found hidden among grass on the trail . Photos of the Cuckoo Trail sausages were posted on the Doggy Style pet service page . The post said ` Walking along the Cuckoo trail in Hailsham at approximately 6 pm this evening , I have found a quantity of cocktail sausages that appear to have a as of yet an unknown substance deliberately inserted into them . ` So this post is hopefully to help make other owners aware of the possible dangers . The sausages were loaded with the poison -LRB- left -RRB- and found hidden among the grass -LRB- right -RRB- on the trail . ` Thankfully I have a search dog that is able to indicate if something does n't smell right , but please watch any dog off the lead as they were not in eye sight but easily consumed and in multiple places along the trail . ` Hopefully this is the action of some bored mis-guided youth , -LRB- which I 'm sure this is n't the case ! -RRB- but personally I find this premeditated , calculated with actions of someone who knows what they are doing . ' Dogs that have been poisoned may show the following symptoms ; . * Vomiting . * Diarrhoea . * Seizures . * Blood in the stool . * Lethargy . * Loss of appetite . * Bruising . * Nosebleeds . * Discoloured gums . If dogs display any of these symptoms they should be taken to a vet straight away . If possible take the packaging or sample of the poison with you . Do not attempt to medicate dogs yourself , or encourage them to vomit using salt water . If the skin or fur is damaged wash them with a mild shampoo and rinse well with water . Keep poisoned dogs away from other animals to avoid cross contamination .