Walter Scott and his passenger were looking forward to having a cookout when he was pulled over and shot dead by a South Carolina police officer , it has emerged . Scott , 50 , and Pierre Fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables . He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott 's house . ` They were heading to Walter Scott 's house to eventually have a cookout that afternoon , ' said Fulton 's attorney , Mark Peper . But as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston . Scroll down for video . Heartbroken : Pierre Fulton is ` torn up ' about the death of his friend , Walter Scott , on April 4 , his attorney has said . The two men were heading to Scott 's home on April 4 for a cookout when Scott was killed by a cop . Killed : Scott , 50 , ran from his car when he was pulled over by North Charleston officer Michael Slager , right , for a broken tail light . As he ran away , Slager shot the father-of-four multiple times , killing him . Scott jumped out of the car fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager in a horrifying incident captured on a passerby 's cell phone camera . Peper said that his client did not know why Scott ran from the car but that he said there was no confrontation . Following the stop ` there was never a conversation between Pierre and Walter regarding the reason for the stop , what his intentions were - anything along those lines , ' Peper said . Scott was behind $ 18,000 in his child support payments and family members have said he may have run because he was worried about going to jail . Scott , who is black , ran away and a video showed Slager , who is white , firing eight shots at Scott . Fleeing : A dash cam video still provided by the North Charleston Police Department shows Scott leaving his car after a traffic stop on April 4 . His passenger said he does not know why Scott fled . Gunned down : A passerby captured this video of Slager shooting Scott dead as he tried to flee the scene . Fulton said he heard the crackle of a Taser and shots fired . From where Scott 's car was parked , his client could see Slager chase after Scott but did not see him get shot , Peper said . ` As they turned the corner , he was n't able to see anything that occurred , ' he said . And while his client heard the Taser followed by the gunshots , ` he does n't recall the timing or how many seconds between it . All that 's a bit foggy ' , he said . Peper said his client has also given a statement to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division . Family members said earlier that two were headed to an auto parts store at the time of the shooting . Peper said they may have had errands planned but his client said they were eventually heading to Scott 's house . He said his client has asked for privacy so he can deal with the death of his friend . Saying goodbye : Pallbearers walk Scott 's casket to his grave for his burial service on Saturday . Sadness : His heartbroken mother , Judy , is pictured leaving her son 's funeral in Charleston last weekend . Fight : Activist Cornel West -LRB- center -RRB- joins protesters against police violence in Manhattan on April 14 . ` He is torn up . He is a mess , ' Peper added to ABC News . ` He has n't been able to talk to anybody about this . ' The father-of-four 's death sparked a nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people after the witness ' video contradicted the police account of the event . Slager , 33 , had said that he felt ` threatened ' by Scott during a confrontation over his Taser , but the footage revealed the civilian running away before he was shot . Scott was laid to rest last weekend . His casket was draped in an American flag and accompanied by his distraught mother , Judy . Slager has been later charged with murder and fired from the police department . He has yet to enter a plea .