A transgender woman who had her face horribly damaged after it was injected with cement and tire sealant stepped out on Sunday showing off a new look . Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor Oneal Ron Morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat , Super Glue and mineral oil . Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks , lips and chin back in 2005 , and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . Scroll down for videos . Rajee Narinesingh -LRB- above -RRB- , one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor Oneal Ron Morris , stepped out showing her new face over the weekend . Rajee was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched . Left with a ` hard-as-rock ' face , Rajee began seeing Dr John Martin of Coral Gables Cosmetic Reconstructive Surgery in 2012 , who gave her softening injections and laser therapy to treat the botched surgery . In a 2014 interview she said that her new look was helping to boost her self-esteem , and that men were taking notice . ` Recently this guy said that being with me is like being with a sexy dragon , ' she said at the time . ` I did n't know whether to slap him or kiss him . ' Now , she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif , a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched . Rajee , who was born in New York but grew up in Philadelphia , explained when she realized she was a woman in that 2014 interview . She explained ; ` Up until I was in my mid-twenties I just thought I was a feminine gay male . I thought about all the things I did when I was growing up - like taking the basketball my dad had bought me and instead of playing basketball with it I was simulating pregnancy and actually pretending to give birth and be a mommy . ` When I used to fantasize about being with guys I used to always picture myself with breasts and a vagina . I did n't realize I was doing it , it was just so natural for me . One day I just connected all the dots and thought `` you 're not gay , you 're transgender . '' ' Rajee lived in solitude and was afraid to go out after her face was left disfigured -LRB- above -RRB- . That all changed in 2012 when she began receiving free treatments from Dr John Martin . Rajee , who had been too 'em barrassed and ashamed ' to go to the authorities , claims she paid just $ 100 per session to Morris for the life-changing injections back in 2005 . ` The last thing I wanted was to look like a man in a dress . I wanted to be a beautiful woman , ' she said of her decision to get the injections . ` If you really want to live your authentic self as a woman you need to do some sort of face and body reconstruction . ` So I made the choice to get injections done . In our community it is called pumping . ' And while she knew she was not seeing a licensed surgeon , she was still excited the day she went to see Morris . ` When it finally came to the day , I was more excited than nervous because I was finally going to be the woman I had always wanted to be , ' she said . ` There was a room that she had set up where she did a lot of medical procedures . ' The room looked sterile and clean she said , and sokn after she arrived they began the procedure . ` I got injections in my face and my hips and my buttocks and initially I was fine , ' said Rajee . ` But then the nightmare started . ' ` The last thing I wanted was to look like a man in a dress . I wanted to be a beautiful woman , ' Rajee -LRB- above -RRB- said of her decision to get the injections . Oneal Ron Morris -LRB- above , file photo -RRB- is accused of leaving women ill and disfigured after injecting them with a mixture of toxic substances , including super glue and Fix-A-Flat . She was left with a large boil on her face that kept growing bigger and bigger , and then ` green pus exploded out of my face and onto the mirror . It was green and yellow and mixed with blood . ' She ended up spending years in solitude as a result of these botched procedures , until Dr Martin agreed to help her for free . Because of him , she says she has gone from ` victim to victorious . ' She is also ready to start dating again , saying ; ` I definitely deserve more than just the 3 o'clock in the morning knock on the window . ' As for Morris , she is now facing manslaughter charges after one of her patients died following a procedure .