The birth of Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger 's third daughter was meant to go like the previous two - an intimate family moment that took place in a wading pool their bedroom at home , lit by candles . Instead , the night turned to tragedy when the little girl Rana died either during birth or within minutes afterwards . A coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby . But in a move many people would find extraordinary , the couple refuses to blame the midwife , and are in fact is defending her actions . Alanna and Stephen Goetzinger -LRB- pictured with their daughters Kayla , right , and Alice , left -RRB- lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 and have spoken out against the coroner 's report which blames their midwife . Coroner James McDougall said that the midwife failed to adequately prepare for the Rana 's birth , allowed the delivery to take place in ` unsafe conditions ' , and that her failure to provide proper medical assistance may have caused the death of the Goeztinger 's baby . Coroner McDougall found that Rana had died either ` during or shortly after birth ' from meconium aspiration , a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth , preventing them from breathing . The report also found that the midwife , who handed in her resignation following the inquest , changed her statement about the events of the evening , including the time of the baby 's birth and whether the baby had exhibited signs of life . Three years on , the couple , who live on a farm in Kanungra in south-east Queensland , have spoken about the night Rana was born , and what they claim was a tragic and unavoidable event . Alanna , 39 , and Stephan , 57 , are adamant that Rana was stillborn , and that it was very clear from the moment she was born that she had died before birth . ` We could see a problem as soon as she was born . It was n't like I was holding her for a while and then we all of a sudden noticed . When she was lifted out of the water and put into my arms she was limp , there was no life in her little body , ' Mrs Goetzinger , 39 , told Daily Mail Australia . Alanna Goetzinger with her daughters Alice and Kayla while she was pregnant with Rana . Mrs Goetzinger said that her daughter Rana was stillborn , and that the coroner 's report which claims she died ` during or shortly after birth ' was fabricated . The report found that the midwife changed whether there were any signs of life , and also changed the time of Rana 's birth from 11.40 pm to 11.45 pm to cover a seven minute delay in calling for emergency care at 11.47 pm . ` On initial questioning , midwife M stated that she `` was very surprised as things were going well and the baby had a heart rate at birth '' , ' the report said . ` She then stated that `` there was no heart rate and no signs of life after birth '' . ' The report also concludes that the midwife allowed Mrs Goetzinger to give birth at home despite her being at greater risk for meconium aspiration , as a result of her age , the higher end weight of her previous pregnancies , and the fact that she had carried Rana for 41 weeks in utero . It states that the care the midwife provided ` fell significantly short ' of what would be expected of someone of her experience , and that she had failed to notice meconium in the water when Mrs Goetzinger 's waters had broken as a result of the poor lighting provided by only having candles in the room . ` There were lights on in the other rooms , but I had chosen to have low lighting to calm me , ' Mrs Goetzinger said . ` My midwife also did spot meconium when my waters broke but that was only moments before I actually gave birth . When she came out she was stained with it , which means she probably suffered from the asphyxia days before I gave birth . ' Alanna and Stephan on their wedding day -LRB- left -RRB- , and Alanna with two of the couple 's daughters . Alanna and Stephan have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner 's inquest . ` We did n't sit around and make a cup of tea deciding whether to call the ambulance . As soon as Rana came out the midwife yelled to my husband to call them , ' she said . The Goetzinger 's travelled to the Gold Coast University Hospital in an ambulance , where Rana was pronounced dead and was taken away for an autopsy after doctors expressed concerns over the actions of the midwife and her sub-standard attempts at CPR . The couple said that their daughter was taken off them without their consent , and that they were both traumatised by the knowledge that she was being autopsied without permission . ` They just took her off us and chopped her up for autopsy . They never asked . It was horrific , ' said Mr Goetzinger . ` The poor little thing did n't even get to breathe and they were cutting her open , ' Mrs Goetzinger said . The couple said that Federal police officers showed up at their house in the hours following the birth and treated their home like a crime scene . They said were made to feel like criminals for choosing to have a home birth , and chastised for cleaning up the birthing room which had been wiped down following the birth . ` It was disgusting the way we were treated , like we 'd intentionally murdered our baby , ' Mrs Goetzinger said . When the results of the autopsy were returned to the family , Mrs Goetzinger said that she was appalled , and that neither she nor her husband were ever approached for questioning about the events of the night . Mrs Goetzinger said that she and her husband were made to feel like criminals for choosing a home birth . ` My only consolation is that I have my two beautiful daughters , ' said Mrs Goetzinger . ` They did n't once in three whole years contact us to ask for my opinion . They did n't question me , they did n't tell me anything at all . You 'd think if they really wanted the truth would they would have asked for my version of events , ' Mrs Goetzinger said . ` Losing Rana was tragic and devastating and I was lost for weeks , and then for both us and our midwife to be treated like criminals was just too much , ' she said . The midwife , who stepped down following the inquiry , was found to not have formal infant CPR training . She was cautioned by both the coroner and was reported to the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency , who launched an investigation into her conduct and concluded that the midwife failed to uphold healthcare standards of the profession . ` I feel like they needed to crucify someone , and they blamed the midwife . She is a beautiful person and did nothing wrong , ' Mrs Goetzinger said . ` She lost her job over this which is just awful . She lost her livelihood for no good reason whatsoever , and apart from us losing our baby that is the most horrible thing that has come out of this , ' she said . ` Nobody is to blame , it just happened . It was tragic and devastating but it just happened . ' Mr Goetzinger said he wants an apology from the coroner for the claims in the report , and want to see their midwife 's license reinstated without restriction . Mr Goetzinger said that people should have a free and informed choice about whether they choose to have home births . ` If I had millions of dollars I would sue them for fraudulent proceedings because the document is a fraud , it 's full of contradictions , ' Mrs Goetzinger said . ` They made my midwife out to be a complete villain . She is a registered nurse and has everything she needs to be a midwife and there is nothing more she could have done , ' she said . ` My only consolation is that I have my two beautiful daughters , and I do feel Rana around me . She 's the one who is pushing me to speak out and tell her story . ' Mr Goetzinger said that people should have a free and informed choice about whether they choose to have home births . ` It is so nice to have child born at home , it 's so much better and familiar . People should make up their own mind without interference from the authorities , ' he said . The couple are staunchly anti-vaccines , and believe in allowing parents to choose for themselves how their children 's health should be managed .