Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema when they face city rivals Atletico on Wednesday night . The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14 . Real boss Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco , Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of key triumverate Modric , Bale and Benzema - something that does n't faze the Italian . Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has hailed his players as the best in the world ahead of their next game . Ancelotti watches his players during the training session ahead of the crucial Champions League tie . Real Madrid full-back Fabio Coentrao -LRB- right -RRB- and Lucas Silva tussle for possession in a training session . Sergio Ramos -LRB- right -RRB- comes in with a strong challenge on Jese during Real Madrid 's training session . -LRB- Left to right : -rrb- Daniel Carvajal , Marcelo Vieira and Sami Khedira train ahead of the game with Atletico Madrid . Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- left -RRB- and Silva -LRB- right -RRB- are put through their paces in training ahead of their next game . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas warms up during the training session ahead of the Atletico game . Ancelotti is adamant side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema . Spain international Isco has featured heavily for the Spanish giants this season in a predominately attacking role but Ancelotti is confident that Real 's No 23 could sit in front of the defence just like Modric usually does . ` We are missing some important players but it 's impossible for us to be more motivated than we are . We have to live with injuries . We did it in the past and it will not hurt our confidence , ' Ancelotti said at a press conference . Real Madrid boss Ancelotti could turn to striker Javier Hernandez in their absence against Atletico Madrid . Isco and Jese will also be be hoping to start the Champions League clash against their Madrid rivals . Real Madrid will be without former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Modric for their Champions League clash . Ancelotti 's Real Madrid side will also have to do without attacking duo Bale and Benzema against Atletico . ` Isco has played in Modric 's position before and he did very well there . We have plenty of options even without Bale and Benzema . There 's James , Jese and Chicharito . James has been doing great , both on the right and in midfield . Chicharito is in fine shape as well , both physically and mentally . ` I will choose the best possible line-up . I will select players that will help the team to play like we did in the first leg . I have the best squad in the world in my opinion . '