A female prison guard and the convict she helped escape have been caught after 19 days and 1,700 miles on the run . Rachel Chepulis , 26 , was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend , Oregon almost three weeks after she helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center , also known as Devils Lake , in North Dakota . 35-year-old Brown , who is married with children , was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm - and is thought to have seduced single Chepulis while behind bars . Fugitive couple : Female prison guard Rachel Chepulis and felon Wesley E. Brown III have been captured in Oregon after she helped him escape from jail in North Dakota 19 days ago . His escape from Devils Lake on March 13 . , aided by Chepulis , is the second time he has broken out of a secure unit . In June 2013 he escaped from Heart of America Correctional Center , climbing over a fence at the prison 's recreation area . On that occasion Brown was recaptured three hours later and transferred to Devils Lake prison , where he spent a considerable amount of time prior his second jail break in March . Dan Orr , chief deputy U.S. marshal for North Dakota , told the Daily News : ` It 's clear in the time he was there they developed a relationship . That he was allowed to escape was assisted by the fact there were mistakes made by the jail . Caught : The pair managed to get 1,700 miles from the North Dakota jail before being captured in Oregon . ` He was classified at a lower level than he should have been considering he already escaped from another facility . And he had assistance from the female jailer . ` It was pretty clear the jail did n't realize what she had done . But once we began the investigation , we realized she had a direct involvement in the escape . ' The Marshals Service relies on local jails to hold federal prisoners awaiting sentencing in North Dakota and during his time at Devils Lake , the convicted Brown must have befriended the single Chepulis , Mr Orr claimed . The fugitive couple was caught outside a Bi-Mart store in North Bend yesterday with the help of Oregon State Police , who tracked down Chepulis ' 2015 Toyota Rav4 with North Dakota plates after a tip off from a nearby hotel . Chepulis , arrested as she returned to the vehicle , was found to have Brown 's initials tattooed on her left ring finger . Married felon : Brown , who has a wife and childre , is thought to have befriended single Rachel Chepulis while locked up at Lake Region Correctional Center , also known as Devils Lake , in North Dakota , above . Brown is to face additional escape charges while Chepulis will be hit with instigating or assisting an escape , concealing a person from arrest and conspiracy to commit escape . Each charge carries a five-year prison sentence . The pair will be arraigned in Oregon , likely Thursday , and then held without bond as they face extradition to North Dakota . Mr Orr said he was unable to offer more details of the jail break or the couple 's time on the run until the court affidavit is unsealed .