Toni Duggan says free-scoring England will fear nobody at this summer 's World Cup finals as they aim to make history by winning their first major tournament . Having recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year , the Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in Canada in June . England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances but Duggan , who has 11 goals in 16 games for her country , is convinced Mark Sampson 's team can go further this time . England forward Toni Duggan holds aloft the St George 's flag as part of the ` Road to Canada ' campaign . Duggan pictured in action for the England team during a match earlier this season . She told Sportsmail : ` We do n't fear anyone , we have lots of belief . We 've come up against the likes of Germany , the USA and Brazil before and one of our aims is to overcome the mental block we seem to get at the quarter-final stage . ` We play with freedom , we have no fear and we enjoy expressing ourselves . I do n't think you 've seen the best of England yet and we have so many different goalscorers . We 're getting better all the time . ' St George 's Day allows Duggan the opportunity to reflect on the achievements of her England career so far , with highlights including hat-tricks for the Three Lions against Turkey and Montenegro in qualification for the finals . In all , she found the net on 10 occasions as England coasted through their qualification group with 10 wins from 10 in the perfect start to Sampson 's tenure after he replaced Hope Powell following the 2013 European Championships . In the process , England scored a remarkable 52 goals and the task now is to translate that prolific scoring form into the tournament itself . Duggan said : ` It was the perfect qualfying campaign for us , the whole team pulled together and we were able to get 10 wins out of 10 . Mark Sampson came in as coach and took everything in his stride . ` It was nice to score 10 goals myself and that included my first hat-trick , against Turkey , which was a nice feeling . Duggan chases for the ball during a Women 's Super League match with former club Everton . The 23-year-old gained previous tournament experience with England at the 2013 European Championships . ` We conceded just the one goal , which is obviously almost perfect and I think we showed that we have strength in the squad from No 1 to No 23 and that 's what you need at a World Cup . ' But just as her thoughts were starting to turn towards the new Women 's Super League season and the World Cup in Canada beyond , Duggan suffered the worst injury of her career . The knee problem kept her on the sidelines for eight weeks , required surgery and ruined pre-season plans . It left Duggan needing to prove her form and fitness to the England management team all over again . She said : ` The timing was very unfortunate , coming in a World Cup year . It really killed my confidence and was difficult to deal with because it was the first time . ` I needed major surgery and missed pre-season but I knew it was going to be a big year for both Manchester City and England and it has made me appreicate my time on the pitch a little more . ` I 'd like to think I 'm good enough to make the World Cup squad but Mark will definitely have a selection headache because it is such a good group . But I will put in the hard work and hopefully will get in . ' She made her Three Lions return in the recent friendly with China , playing the last half-hour of a confidence-boosting 2-1 success on her home ground of Manchester City 's Academy Stadium . Duggan scored 10 times in a World Cup qualification campaign that saw England with a 100 per cent record . Manchester City are among the favourites for the Women 's Super League title this year . June 9 France . June 13 Mexico . June 17 Colombia . Hailing from Liverpool , Duggan started out at Everton Ladies , working her way through the youth ranks and into the senior side during the 2007-08 season . She did n't look back , becoming a first-team regular and earning a first England cap in September 2012 having gained tournament experience at under 19 and under 20 level . Duggan was then signed by City in 2013 as they started out in the Women 's Super League . They announced themselves as a force in the game by winning the Continental Cup and are set to challenge for the WSL title this year . Duggan said : ` We won the Continental Cup last season and hopefully we can continue that in the Super League this year . We need to be more consistent over a longer period . ` The title race is going to be a close one but we 've made a good start and are positive about our chances . ` We have a winning mentality at City that goes hand-in-hand with England . It 's an honour to play for them and we have a fantastic opportunity to go out and win trophies . ' On her journey with England , which she hopes will inspire the next generation , Duggan adds : ` It is a dream come true for me to represent my country . ` To be in the first team for England hopefully to be on the verge of a World Cup call-up . As a kid , I did n't even know there was an England team for women so wearing that shirt , whether it 's your first cap or your 25th , is amazing . ' Toni Duggan is on the #RoadToCanada , supported by Continental Tyres .