Think global cultural attractions and it 's not the first destination that springs to mind . But Benidorm , the package holiday Mecca famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status . However , the brash British holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station , say those pushing for its membership to the world 's most exclusive culture club . Scroll down for video . High rise holiday resort Benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like Stonehenge , the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China . Sociology professor Mario Gaviria , the force behind an application to Unesco , argues that Benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all . They believe the high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s deserves the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like Stonehenge , the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China . Sociology professor Mario Gaviria , the force behind the application , argues that Benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all . ` During the past 50 years , some 250 million visitors have enjoyed Benidorm . It 's a symbol of harmonious coexistence that happily brings together people of all nationalities and languages , ' he said . Many Britons know the resort because of popular comedy Benidorm , featuring The Garvey Family -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Spain already boasts more than 40 Unesco world heritage sites , including Granada 's Alhambra Palace and Donana National Park in Huelva . Benidorm officials said the mass-market resort was applying in order to reinvent its own image . ` It 's the most sustainable and best-designed city of the Mediterranean , ' said Mayor Agustín Navarro . ` We want to protect all that we 've achieved during the recent decades as well as give it dignity and value . ' A decision over the application could take up to six years to be made . Benidorm officials said the mass-market resort was applying in order to reinvent its own image .