A restaurant customer in the Mexican border town of Tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu . The authorities have closed a total of six Chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following a tip-off from the disgusted client . The customer called in the cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing the dog , later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in the next chow mein . Scroll down for video . Disgusted : A restaurant customer in Tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu . Pictured is a dead dog police recovered at the establishment . The authorities have closed a total of six Chinese restaurants in the local area since local police raided the Lo Yen City restaurant -LRB- pictured -RRB- in southern Tijuana . Officers conducting a raid of the restaurant on Wednesday morning discovered caged dogs in the kitchen , a decapitated puppy in the trash and the owner himself in the process of decapitating and butchering a canine carcass , putting the meat in a cooking pot . Owner Yu Yu Chou told local newspaper reporters : ` I admit to killing the dog , but the meat is for my own personal use , not for my customers . ' Police received a tip-off from a restaurant client who heard the sounds of a howling dog at the back of the establishment . After peeking over the back fence to investigate , the horrified client witnessed two cooks in the act of killing the defenceless animal . In total five arrests were made at Mr Yu Yu Chou 's restaurant , including three workers of Chinese nationality . An official was filmed pulling a beheaded dog from a storage barrel during the raid . Boast : The restaurant advertises the quality of its ` home-style food ' but has had complaints from customers before about flies and cockroaches in their food . Rescued : Some dogs were found alive at the restaurant and were taken away by a local vet . Lucky : This dog was saved from the owner 's knives by the police . The picture is a grab from a local news agency video of the property . Upon arrival at the scene , police officers said they witnessed the cooks hurriedly throw a decapitated dog carcass in a kitchen waste bin . Officers later saw the owner decapitating and butchering a dog in the back alley . The restaurant , which advertises the quality of its ` home-style food ' claims never to have received complaints of using dog meat before . The owner , while handcuffed in the back of a police vehicle , said : ` We 've had complaints from customers who have found hair , flies or cockroaches in their food , but never anything this serious . ' The AFN news agency took video evidence of the police bust . It contains footage of a hair-strewn alley where the dogs were seen being butchered , a terrified dog chained to the wall and a forensics officer pulling a decapitated canine carcass -- stiffened by rigor mortis -- out of a kitchen waste bin . The animals , some of which survived , were removed from the scene in a veterinarian 's van . Samples of meat were also taken from the kitchen fridges in order to determine the origin of the meat . Following local authorities ' demands to investigate kitchens in other local oriental eating establishments , five other Chinese restaurants in the area did not open their doors to customers on Wednesday , leading many to question whether the cooking of dog meat has long been practiced in Tijuana . In total five arrests were made at Mr Yu Yu Chou 's restaurant , including three workers of Chinese nationality . A spokesman for the Mexican Ministry of Health told local reporters following the incident that the city would be pursuing conviction of the Mr Yu Yu Chou , and that ` you ca n't play with the health of Tijuana ' . The infamous frontier town in Baja California state sits directly on the United States border , just three miles from downtown San Diego . The town has long had a dangerous reputation , not least for the criminal cartel activity which sees drugs and humans trafficked across the border into the United States .