His penchant for topless scything has proved a hit with housewives around the UK - and sent many rushing to social media to declare their love for actor Aidan Turner , 31 . But it seems not everyone is a fan of the gardening techniques featured on Poldark - not least the mowing community who have complained about Turner 's ` excessive sweating and grunting ' and say it should never be done shirtless . Turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery . Scroll down for video . More like Iggy Pop : Scything expert Chris Riley says his own physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop . But while the sexy scene helped send audience ratings through the roof , it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts dedicated to keeping the age-old art alive . They say Turner 's macho grunts and terrible technique as he hacked at the hay tarnished the view of the usually ` sedate ' action of scything . Expert scyther Chris Riley , 56 , says in real life , Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed - and he would have kept his shirt on to protect him from the sun . ` When the Poldark episode in question aired , word got around our network of scythe enthusiasts very quickly that there had been this scene in it where Aidan Turner used a scythe , ' he says . ` It was accompanied by a lot of comments saying his technique was n't very good . The story of Poldark highlights the romantic aspect of the scythe and its use in history but we were n't very impressed with Aidan Turner 's scything . . That 's how it 's done : Mr Riley demonstrates how scything should really be done . Surely not ? Mr Riley brushed off comparisons with Poldark and compared himself to Iggy Pop instead . That 's more like it : Aidan Turner 's shirtless Poldark has been setting hearts aflutter on Sunday nights . ` There was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time you 'd mow like that would be in a competition . ' Mr Riley , from Gillingham in Dorset , also questioned whether Turner had been shown how to use a scythe properly before the cameras rolled . ` Scything is an efficient and poetic way of cutting rather than the way it was portrayed on Poldark where it was this very aggressive , manly action . ` Using a scythe should be a sedate , pleasurable activity rather than an arduous , backbreaking chore . It can be zen-like if you 've got a sharp blade and good technique . ` That was how the programme makers wanted to portray it but it was clear to us that there was n't much effective work being done . ` The grass and flowers in the meadow were n't flying everywhere , which you might expect if someone was good with a scythe . ` I would guess that Aiden Turner had not been shown how to use a scythe properly before filming . If an experienced scyther were to put the same amount of energy into it as on Poldark they 'd be getting an awful lot done . ` A work rate like that is also not conducive to keeping the action up all day , but that was obviously in conflict with how producers wanted the scene to look . ' Mr Riley also raised questions about Turner 's lack of shirt , claiming a real scyther would keep their clothes on to protect them from the elements . Exhausting : Mr Riley says Poldark puts too much effort into his scything and would n't finish the job . Smooth move : Fellow expert Simon Fairlie , from Dorset , shows off his skills in a West Country meadow . The 56-year-old , who runs courses in how to wield a scythe , added : ` The fact that he had no top on was not particularly realistic - if you were in the field all day and wanted to protect yourself from the sun you would n't take your shirt off . ` There are times when it is OK to scythe topless , like if you are in competition , but I 'm more Iggy Pop than Aiden Turner . ' Meanwhile ... Female fans take to Twitter to complain about the lack of shirtless mowing in last night 's episode of Poldark . Female fans of BBC One 's Cornish period drama Poldark are complaining after dashing actor Aidan Turner kept his shirt on in last night 's penultimate episode . Many have taken to Twitter to voice their upset after the Irish hunk , who plays Captain Poldark , went a whole episode without revealing his chest . In previous episodes the star has been seen scything topless and skinny dipping in the Cornish sea . Where are the abs ? Fans were disappointed by the lack of topless action in last night 's Poldark . Recap : Poldark has appeared topless in nearly every episode and is seen here in episode three . Memorable : Episode two featured Aidan Turner taking a naked swim in crystal clear Cornish waters . Last night the BBC continuity announcer said there would be ` distressing scenes ' as one of the characters is murdered , but many women joked it was ` distressing ' seeing Turner fully clothed . One fan named Stacey tweeted : ` Distressing scenes my arse . Only ` cos he kept his clothes on all night #Poldark . ' Verthless added : ` Despite the @BBCOne warning before #Poldark my wife is traumatised by some of the scenes in which Aiden Turner kept his shirt on . ' Jacqui Walls posted : ` All bad news on the #Poldark front tonight . @Aidan Turner did n't get his shirt off once . ' Others complained about the lack of any obvious carer for Captain Poldark and Demelza 's baby Julia because she was absent from most of the scenes . Although Poldark sacks his servants Jud and Prudie , Demelza is later seen visiting Francis and going for cliff top walks without her baby daughter . ` Can someone tell me who looks after #Poldark 's baby @BBCOne , ' tweeted MursMums . Cross : A viewer complained that the real source of distress was a lack of shirtlessness . Traumatic : Viewers had been hoping that Poldark would take his top off - but had no such luck . Compensation : One concluded that at least Poldark 's trademark smoulder had been left in place . Denouement : Next week 's finale will reveal whether Ross and Francis manage to patch up their quarrel . Fired : Other viewers questioned who was doing the childcare following Jud and Prudie 's sacking . Gallery 45 tweeted : ` It 's all very good swooning over Ross , but we have some serious concerns for the welfare of Baby Julia ! #homealone . ' Others joined a growing chorus of fans who want the series to continue beyond the final episode which airs next Sunday . Fenteroon Hol Cotts tweeted : ` Have a feeling there 's be lots of tears shed next Sunday eve , approx 10 pm . ' Caley added : ` I genuinely do n't know what I 'm going to do after nxt wk . First #fortitude ends , now #Poldark . ' Heidi wrote : ` Ca n't believe #Poldark is near the end its been the highlight of my weekends !!!! ' Jaime Watson posted : ` Ca n't believe it 's the last #Poldark next week . How am I going to survive without seeing @AidanTurner every Sunday ? ' Another , Hannah , tweeted : ` Last episode of #Poldark next week . Sad times . I like my weekly Aidan Turner fix . ' Luckily for fans of the 18th century mining drama and Mr Turner , the BBC announced last week that it has commissioned a second series of Poldark .