The Mail on Sunday has set a remarkable new record -- after being voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in succession . A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality , family newspaper . Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday , saying such a rare feat was ` fully deserved by a paper where journalistic excellence across the board has led to commercial as well as journalistic success ' . They also praised our all-round quality that , week after week , sets the agenda and forces daily newspapers to chase our big exclusives . The Mail on Sunday was voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in a row . Ben Ellery 's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband 's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the Year nomination . Our most spectacular front page revealed how feminist T-shirts worn by Ed Miliband and Harriet Harman were made in Mauritius by migrant women workers on 62p an hour ... a report which also earned a nomination for Scoop of the Year for reporter Ben Ellery . Other brilliant stories last year included the investigation that caused Fiona Woolf to quit as chairman of the historic child abuse inquiry ; how police spied on our journalists ' phone records to compromise sources ; comic Michael McIntyre 's secret family tragedy ; the Elisabeth Murdoch/Matthew Freud divorce ; and the first interview with Commons Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans after he was cleared of gay rape . But that 's not all : our formula for success includes two superb magazines , a fabulous pullout sport supplement ; the biggest puzzles section of any newspaper ; and top columnists including Liz Jones , Piers Morgan , Peter Hitchens , Rachel Johnson and Chris Evans . Literary critic Craig Brown , winner of countless awards in the past , was nominated this time as Arts Reviewer of the Year . Literary critic Craig Brown , left , was nominated this time as Arts Reviewer of the Year and reporter Ben Ellery , right , earned a Scoop of the Year nomination . The awards were presented at a lunch at London 's Stationers ' Hall , where MI5 director-general Andrew Parker gave a keynote speech . The Daily Mail was nominated in the daily newspaper category . The Mail on Sunday 's commercial success saw sales outperform the rest of the Sunday market , with our market share reaching a new record of 21.9 per cent . The Mail on Sunday is poised to become the biggest-selling Sunday paper -- amazing for a mid-market paper -- and last month was just 31,000 copies behind the red-top Sun . All in all , a Triple Success on Sunday .