It 's 11 years since Arsenal won the title . They went from Invincibles to Incapables . And you can throw bottlers into that description as well . Of course Chelsea could implode and hand the title to Arsenal over the next six weeks or so , but that 's unlikely . If it does happen it 's a title that 's long overdue and nothing can ever take away the barren years when Arsenal and Arsene Wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad -- specialists in failure . Those years will always hang heavy around Wenger 's neck . Yes , yes , there 's the FA Cup currently sitting there in the trophy cabinet alongside the shiny shield they won in August . And yes , yes , they are clear favourites to win it again . An FA Cup is n't the definition of success for the great clubs of Europe . Only the Wenger apologists ca n't see that . Olivier Giroud celebrates Arsenal 's third goal by Alexis Sanchez in their win over Liverpool on Saturday . Arsene Wenger 's Gunners now have 15 wins from 17 games since New Year 's Day , but it 's come too late . So are Gooners seduced by this end of season run they 're currently on ? It 's impressive , no question . 15 wins in 17 games since their loss New Year 's Day . But this is classic Arsene Wenger is n't it ? After that defeat at Southampton on January 1 the Gunners were sixth in the table , 13 points behind leaders Chelsea . Wenger and the players felt they had no hope of winning the title , and so they started to play with freedom , and the wins kept coming . As soon as the pressure is off , Arsene Wenger looks like he can still do it . But once the pressure is on he crumbles , and his players lose their bottle completely . Sanchez drills his shot by Emre Can as Arsenal 's impressive run continued against Liverpool . Per Mertesacker ca n't stop this shot from Sadio Mane as they fall 2-0 to Southampton on New Year 's Day . The only two defeats in this current run were the two key games all Arsenal fans desperately wanted to win -- at Tottenham and at home to Monaco in the Champions League : the two games with more pressure on them than any others on this run . They went to Monaco for the second leg with no pressure on them , everyone thought they were out , and so it proved . But with the pressure off , Arsenal turned it on . Arsenal are clearly a lot better than most of the teams they face . And they are now making the kind of signings they should be making -- marquee players . So much is in place for real success to come . But the task for Wenger now is to show some balls , cope better when the pressure is on . And he and his players need to stop failing in certain games . Harry Kane celebrates his second strike in the 2-1 win for Tottenham over their North London rivals . Dimitar Berbatov scores the second of three away goals for Monaco that ruined Arsenal 's Europe campaign . Dodgy results will happen to all sides of course . But I 'm talking about the ones that should have been avoided . This season for example , if they 'd won a game they were winning at Swansea , if they had n't been so desperately pathetic in the first half at Stoke , and if they 'd kept the lead at 10-man Liverpool , Arsenal would be top . Those games and the circumstances of how they dropped points , have stopped Arsenal being serious title contenders this season . When you analyse it like that , you can understand the frustrations of the Arsenal fans after that Stoke defeat in December . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain slumps to the ground as Arsenal bow out of the Champions League last 16 . Aaron Ramsey scores in the Gunners ' 2-0 win at Monaco as they fell short again when it really counts . Arsene Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly , and he 's still there . He now needs to make the most of his incredible good fortune and start earning his £ 8m a year as the fourth-highest-paid football manager in the world . Winning games when the pressure is off is something Wenger has proved he can do regularly . Now he needs to learn how to cope and succeed when the pressure is on . If he does that , then there really is no reason why Arsenal ca n't win a major trophy , the kind of trophy that defines success for big clubs , and end an embarrassing period of failure for Arsene Wenger .