Rangers boss Stuart McCall insists he is taking life at Ibrox in his stride . The former Motherwell manager admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall . The club 's £ 12million training facility is a major improvement on the public pitches at Dalziel Park he was forced to make do with during his Steelmen stint . Stuart McCall insists he 's loving life at Rangers despite losing heavily to Queen of the South . But along with the plush surroundings , McCall knows being manager of the Glasgow giants means he also has to cope with the kind of intense scrutiny levels he did not have to deal with at Fir Park . Not everyone is cut out for the strains of the job , as McDowall proved when he quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker . The former Celtic youth coach found himself in charge just as the battle for power at Ibrox reached its bitterest point and at one stage admitted life at Rangers had ` taken its toll ' on him . McCall has taken over a brighter picture following Dave King 's boardroom victory and the 50-year-old former Light Blues midfielder seemed to shrug off the extra pressure during his first few weeks in charge as he led his side to three successive wins - including successes against Hearts and Hibs . Lewis Kidd -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball against Rangers ' David Templeton in Queen of the South 's victory . But the focus will have sharpened since Gers suffered their first defeat under his watch when they lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday . The Ibrox men will hope to shake that off come Sunday when they host Raith Rovers but McCall insists he will not let the job wear him down . He said : ` I 've not really noticed a difference in intensity levels . I just love what I do out there on the training field . ` At this moment in time I do n't feel any pressure whatsoever . Ian Black -LRB- left -RRB- and Kris Boyd in training as Rangers look to get back to winning ways and gain promotion . ` I 'm in a fortunate position to be doing the job I 'm doing at this moment and I 'm looking forward to being successful . ` I said from day one that this can still be a successful season for the club and we have got to grab the opportunity with both hands . ` I do n't give the demands of working for a club like this much thought . ` Football management is tough , no matter what level you do it at . ` Obviously there is more scrutiny when you are at a club that has the following we 've got . But that 's part and parcel of being a manager . You just have to get on with it . '