Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea , even after taking a huge step towards the Barclays Premier League title on Saturday . Eden Hazard 's first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over Manchester United , but there was controversy when United were denied a late penalty . Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Gary Cahill but referee Mike Dean adjudged the Spaniard to have dived . Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera knocks the ball past Chelsea defender Gary Cahill inside the box . Herrera sticks out right leg to make contact with Cahill before falling to the ground and appealing for penalty . Cahill and Herrera go head-to-head after the United man was penalised for diving late on at Stamford Bridge . Replays showed some contact between the two players during stoppage time but Herrera looked to have moved his leg to provoke a collison . And Mourinho took the opportunity to pick at an old wound in his long-running feud with Sky Sports . ` I am happy that it was not a Chelsea player , ' he said . ` If it was a Chelsea player , in this moment on Sky it would be `` somebody 's crimes , cheating , the champions of the team without fair play '' and this kind of things . ' Mourinho was angered earlier this season when Sky used the headline ` Diego Costa crimes ' in their analysis of Chelsea 's Capital One Cup semi-final win over Liverpool in January . Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Cheslea after saying the incident will be forgotten because it is a Manchester United player . Chelsea forward Eden Hazard -LRB- second from left -RRB- slots the ball past Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea to open the scoring . Hazard wheels away to celebrate his 13th Premier League goal of the season as De Gea slowly rises to his feet after conceding . Costa was later suspended for a stamp on Martin Skrtel and the Chelsea manager saw Sky 's coverage as contribution to the player 's three-game ban . He also hinted in his pre-match press conference that Chelsea were disliked and abused because they were making the Premier League ` boring ' by leading from start to finish . ` Because it 's a Man United player tomorrow nobody remembers , ' Mourinho added . ` The conspiracy does n't go on , I 'm happy it 's not a Chelsea player . '