She was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State and regularly takes to Twitter to issue violent threats , including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a Westerner . But despite all that , Khadijah Dare 's heartbroken mother Victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life . Mrs Dare , from Lewisham in South London , also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian as a child but turned to Islam while at college . Scroll down for video . Plea : The mother of jihadi bride Khadijah Dare -LRB- pictured -RRB- has issued a plea for her to return home . ` She loved church , ' said Mrs Dare in an interview due to be screened tonight as part of a BBC documentary . ` She had a Bible , she read the Bible . She would sit there and pray and pray and pray . ' Dare , who was born in Nigeria but emigrated to the UK as a child , was originally christened Grace but , says her mother , the 22-year-old changed it after she began attending services at the Lewisham Islamic Centre - a mosque also linked to the Lee Rigby killers . ` When she became Muslim , I would get these phone calls saying , `` Can I speak to Khadijah ? '' I said to her , what 's that about ? She says , `` Oh , that 's my name '' . It was only the mosque people who called her Khadijah . I do n't call her that . ' Now living in Syria , Dare , who married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived , has reportedly been widowed . Threats : Dare , who is in Syria , is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner . Radicalised : Aqsa Mahmood , who calls herself Umm Layth , also appears on BBC2 's Britain 's Jihadi Brides . Exposed : Mahmood 's identity was exposed following a MailOnline investigation . Nevertheless , she continues to spread IS propaganda online and has been accused of encouraging other young women to travel to the Middle East , much like fellow British jihadi bride Umm Layth . Umm Layth , who was unmasked as a Glaswegian teenager named Aqsa Mahmood last year following a MailOnline investigation , has even offered advice to would-be jihadis on what clothes to bring and what they can expect from life with IS . But her family 's lawyer , who appears on BBC documentary Britain 's Jihadi Brides alongside Mrs Dare and Renu Begum , sister of one of the three missing Bethnal Green schoolgirls , says the reality is very different . ` There 's nothing loving about them and there 's nothing religious about them because they are ripping the heart out of our communities , ' says Aamer Anwar . ` They are like paedophiles . They are groomers . They are getting their claws into people and ripping them away from the families who love and care about them . ' Mahmood , who , say her family , was once a ` kind , caring individual ' and a ` loving young woman ' , is now helping to radicalise would-be jihadi brides herself , as well is issuing threats and encouraging Muslims to take up arms . ` Follow the examples of your brothers from Woolwich , Texas and Boston , ' read a tweet posted last summer . ` If you can not make it to the battlefield , then bring the battlefield to yourself . ' Another blog post claimed that within two generations , the world would be under the heel of an ` Islamic Empire ' . ` Know this Cameron and Obama , your countries will be destroyed and your kuffar -LSB- non believers -RSB- beneath our feet , ' wrote the 20-year-old . ` If not you , then your children or your grandchildren . This Islamic Empire will be known and feared worldwide and we shall follow none other than the law of the one and only Allah . Gone : One of the older female recruits is Kent benefits claimant Sally Jones , 45 . Recruiter : Now using the name Sakinah Hussain , she was caught trying to recruit jihadi brides last autumn . Widowed : Zahra Halane -LRB- pictured -RRB- and her sister Salma have both been widowed since joining IS . ` This is a war against Islam and it shall be known that you 're with them or with us . So pick a side . ' Dare and Mahmood are among the 22 British women known to be in Syria but police believe there could be another 40 whose disappearances have not been reported . Those who are there include Zahra and Salma Halane , the Manchester teenagers who have become known as ` the Terror Twins ' and 45-year-old Sally Jones , a benefits claimant from Kent who now goes under the name of Sakinah Hussain . ` What they fail to understand is that they 've been brainwashed by someone 's ideology which is not the same as Islam , ' says former radicaliser Yasmin Mulbocus . ` These women need to wake up . They need to discover the real sisterhood of Islam . They need to start questioning . They are brainwashed so bad , they 've lost their own soul . ' Anwar agrees . ` The best way to defeat radicalisation is to find the ex-radicals and find out what changed them . ` You 're -LSB- would-be jihadi brides -RSB- told that you are going to the Gates of Paradise but when you get to Syria you will find out what Hell is really all about . Because it 's there . It 's happening now . ' As for Dare , she says she will never return home , despite her mother 's pleas . ` I want you back , that 's what I said -LSB- to her -RSB- , ' says Mrs Dare . ` I want you back in my life . She is the only child that I have and the Devil took her away from my life . '