The cringeworthy , yet strangely addicting footage of whiteheads being popped , cysts being ruptured and blackheads being extracted has turned a dermatologist into an internet sensation as thousands of people flock to her video channel to catch a glimpse of ` Dr Pimple Popper ' in action . Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland , California , and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show , but online she is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper , a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients ' extractions on her YouTube channel . The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers , as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit . ` I find this little subculture fascinating , ' Dr Lee told Racked of her followers . ` I pop these things , and yeah they kind of make me feel good , they 're satisfying , but it 's not like I seek them out . ' Scroll down for video . All in a day 's work : Dermatologist Dr Sandra Lee , who known as Dr Pimple Popper online , shares videos of herself extracting her patients zits on her popular YouTube channel . Day job : Dr Lee , from Upland , California , can be seen using a comedone extractor to pop one of her patient 's blemishes . Dr Lee explained that when a patient comes in she offers to tackle their blemishes in exchange for them allowing her to post the videos of the process online , while keeping the clips as anonymous as she can . And she noted that , despite the somewhat gruesome nature of her YouTube channel , ` nobody ever says no ' . Before she shot to internet fame , Dr Lee 's channel , used to only feature a selection of TV segments that she had done , only had a few thousand followers . However , when she joined Instagram , she started posting short clips of her actually treating patients , a decision which quickly garnered her much more interest , prompting her to start putting full-length clips up on YouTube , starting with a video of her extracting a man 's blackheads . ` I did n't realize how big it would be , ' she said of the video , which has received more than 360,000 views since it was posted in December . Dr Lee explained that she was such an ` amateur ' at the time ; she barely knew anything about Reddit and was ` floored ' when she learned that her video was being shared on a popular pimple popping subreddit . The experience opened her eyes to an entire community that she had no idea existed . The doctor , who is now well-known on the subreddit , said the people are ` really wonderful ' . Big break : Dr Lee became an internet sensations after she posted this video of herself extracting a man 's blackheads on YouTube . The clips was later shared on Reddit and helped her to earn a loyal fan base . But Dr Lee questions whether she is a ` true popper ' because she does n't actually enjoy watching people squeeze and poke their whiteheads and cysts on their own . ` I do n't watch any of the other videos , ' she said . ` They all kind of gross me out ! When they 're amateur , I do n't want to hear screaming , I do n't like that stuff . ' But pimple popping has quickly become a key part of Dr Lee 's occupation . In fact , it 's basically the family business ; both her father and her husband are dermatologists as well . According to Dr Lee the most popular types of popping are the extractions of blackheads and whiteheads , and she has now come to learn that there are two different varieties of video -- ` a soft pop and a hard pop ' . ` Some people just like blackheads , it 's like soft porn , a soft pop , ' she noted . ` And then there 's a hard pop , where people like more of a cyst . ' In March , Dr Lee posted a ` best of soft pop ' video montage has been viewed more than 500,000 since it was posted last month . ` I 've been listening to you guys , and I hear that there are two general groups of you PimplePoppaholics : Some like the SoftPop , some prefer the HardPop ! ' she wrote in the description . ` Of course , some of you like it all , but I thought I would try to make as many of you happy as I can . Here 's a Soft Pop Best Of ... I 'll have a HardPop Best Of later today for you . Enjoy ! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Free time : The dermatologist , pictured in a selfie posted on her Instagram account , is now well-known among the pimple popping community on Reddit . Basic extraction : Dr Lee said videos of blackheads and whiteheads being removed -LRB- pictured -RRB- are most popular . And many commenters lauded Dr Lee for her rapport with her patients . Dr Lee , who uses her iPhone and iMovie to shoot and edit the videos , told Racked that she likes to show the ` human side ' of her patients by having them share their back story . She said that her favorite clips are of a patient she calls ` Pop ' , who recently lost his wife to a ` chronic , painful sickness ' . ` What 's amazing is that what started as a video of my squeezing the blackheads on his nose has transformed into the wonderful feel-good human interest story , ' she told Daily Mail Online . She continued : ` They were inseparable , and he has had trouble adjusting to his new life in an assisted living facility . He has both financial and emotional stress , and he tells a little of his story in his videos . ' After hearing Pop 's struggles , Dr Lee 's YouTube and Reddit followers asked her to start him a GoFundMe page so they could help him financially . The page , which was started on April 15 , has already already exceeded its $ 5,000 goal - raising $ 5,665 in just eight days . Family business : Dr Lee can be seen with her husband Dr Jeffrey Rebish , who is also a dermatologist . Addicting videos : Dr Lee can be seen extracting a blackhead from one of her patients . ` He knows a little about what is going on , but does n't know yet how much people have donated to help him out in his current situation , ' she explained . ` He would be shocked to hear that well wishes are coming from all over the world . ' One commenter who made a donation noted : ` This gentleman reminds me of my grandpa . I wish him all the best , he is such a gentle soul . Lots of love from a French girl in the UK x -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Dr Lee said she plans on visiting him in his new home and present him with all the cards , messages and money that people have given him next week . ` I ca n't wait to see how surprised and touched he will be , ' she said . As for her extraction technique , Dr Lee told Racked that it 's ` not completely sterile ' , but she uses clean gloves and a comedone extractor , which she said costs less than $ 20 . Although she warned that people should n't pop their pimples because they can risk scarring , she admitted that she is guilty of squeezing her own zits at home . For people who absolutely have to pick , Dr Lee advised them to use a warm compress and prick the blemish with a sterile needle when it comes to a head . But she he added that she ca n't ensure anyone that they are n't going to scar when they take matters into their own hands . Dr Lee , who is also a skin cancer surgeon and a cosmetic surgeon , explained that she has posted videos of her doing other procedures , but people are n't as interested in them . ` People might construe that I 'm addicted to this stuff , but I 'm not , ' she said of work as Dr Pimple Popper . ` This is n't everything that I do . In fact , it 's a very small part . '