When you 're a Barbie girl in an Instagram world , life in plastic is n't just fantastic - it also gets you more than 730,000 followers . Since Barbie 's style Instagram account launched last August , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' , watching as the Mattel icon models an impressive collection of Barbie clothes that even includes pieces by top designers . Racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes , international trips , and VIP invites that go into producing the doll 's hugely popular page . Pretty popular : Barbie 's style-centric Instagram account , @BarbieStyle , is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers . Wow-worthy wardrobe : Barbie has ` thousands ' of pieces , most of which are one-of-a-kind and made especially for her Instagram account by the brand 's director of design . The idea for Barbie 's fashion-focused Instagram page came to be when Barbie 's vice president of design , Kim Culmone , realized that in addition to the official @Barbie account - which promotes the brand 's products - the doll could also be presented in a more editorial way , taking inspiration from fashion magazines . The page for @BarbieStyle , she told Racked , tells the story of Barbie 's role in pop culture today as a ` contemporary girl with an aspirational lifestyle ' . Unlike the main Barbie account that targets children and parents , @BarbieStyle aims to attract trendy twentysomethings - so instead of mermaid and princess costumes , followers get fashion-forward outfits ` firmly rooted in reality ' . Along with Barbie director of design Robert Best and Zlatan Zukanovic , the account 's creative and photography lead , Ms. Culmone soon grew @BarbieStyle to have even more fans than the original @Barbie page , which has 434,000 followers . Chic at Coachella : Barbie travels to buzzed-about events like Coachella , pictured here , with friends , Ken , and sometimes even her dog . Fashion week regular : The @BarbieStyle account captioned this photo in front of the London Eye : ` Just landed in London ... the best way to cure jet lag ? Hit the city for the sights and fresh air ! ' Total jetsetter : The account 's creators really pose Barbie in front of famous landmarks - not pictures or green screens - including Notre-Dame , left , and La Belle Epoque restaurant , right , in Paris . But @BarbieStyle does n't just have more followers than @Barbie - this doll also has a much more glamorous life , juggling trips to Paris with shopping sprees rather than multiple careers as an astronaut , pastry chef , and lifeguard . She also has an entourage to take her wherever she goes . Some combination of Ms. Culmone , Mr. Best , and Mr. Zukanovic travel to each location that Barbie visits , including London , Paris , and New York for Fashion week , California for Coachella , and Miami , Florida for Art Basel . Once she arrives , Barbie gets the star treatment : Mr. Best creates almost every one-of-a-kind piece Barbie wears and uses a professional camera , not a smartphone , to take the shots . ` She travels with an entire wardrobe , ' Ms. Culmone said . ` Thousands of accessories ! Ken and her friends and her puppy come too - she does have an entourage . ' Mr. Best added : ` We pretend she 's a little person going to do all these things , so we think , `` How would she do them ? What would she wear ? What would her point of view be ? '' If Barbie 's like our celebrity and we 're her team , you do n't want her to falter ! ' Party hopping : This photo of Barbie in a glamorous gown was captioned : ` Kicking off this #GoldenGlobes weekend at the #WMagShootingStars event . Thanks for having me @wmag & @hugoboss ! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Moschino model : @BarbieStyle caption this photo : ` It 's @Moschino mania ! A few of my favorite looks from the Spring/Summer 2015 collection by @itsjeremyscott -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Trendy toy : @BarbieStyle ` called in a professional ' when Rachel Zoe appeared on the doll 's account , left ; @BarbieStyle also posts photos of only clothing an accessories , like this lookalike Dior bag , right . The trio even has a PR firm , KCD , to organize event invitations and requests to dress Barbie . ` You have the same kind of conversations you would have if this were a celebrity , ' said Mr. Zukanovic . One notable designer to style Barbie is Moschino 's Jeremy Scott . In fact , his spring/summer 2015 collection included a range of Barbie-inspired outfits , and he has dressed the doll for several photos on the @BarbieStyle Instagram account . Karl Lagerfeld , Rachel Zoe , and fashion blogger Chiara Ferragni have also appeared on the page . ` It brightens people 's days because it 's so silly and it 's so fun and it 's so different from anything you see out there , ' Mr. Zukanovic said .