Today show hosts Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease , before taking to the stage for a live lip sync battle against their co-hosts on Thursday morning 's show . Wearing a blonde wig and a pink jacket , Carson took on the role of Olivia Newton-John 's character Sandy , while Savannah , in a leather jacket and sunglasses , was Danny , originally played by John Travolta . The duo went head to head with Al Roker , Willie Geist and Natalie Morales , who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Australian singer Sia 's Chandelier . The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen , one of the hosts of Spike TV 's new series Lip Sync Battle , which premieres tonight , and was the inspiration for the Today hosts ' colorful performances . Face-off : Al Roker , Natalie Morales and Willie Geist went head to head with Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly during the Today show 's first ever lip sync battle , which was judged by Chrissy Teigen . Nice touch : Savannah and Carson reversed gender roles and dressed as Danny and Sandy , respectively , from Grease . While Savannah and Carson switched gender roles and performed Summer Nights and Al , Natalie and Willie showcased their dancing skills for Chandelier , their co-host Matt Lauer somehow managed to avoid getting caught up in the battle altogether -- something which Chrissy was more than happy to highlight . . When Matt announced Savannah and Carson to the stage in front of the live audience outside the show 's Rockefeller studio , Chrissy could n't help but ask : ` How did you get out of this ? ' ` Because I 'm with you , ' Matt joked . ' In order to truly embrace the role of Danny , Savannah wore an oversized leather motorcycle jacket and her hair slicked back . Meanwhile , her partner Carson sported a blonde wig and a Pink Ladies bomber jacket to play Sandy . Good try : The two gave it their all as they lip synced a rendition of the class song from the film Summer Nights . Great props : Savannah wore a leather motorcycle jacket while Carson sported a Pink Ladies bomber jacket and a blonde wig . After their spirited performance of Summer Nights , Matt laughed and said : ` Do n't worry . We will never show this tape again . ' But even dressed as members of the opposite sex , Savannah and Carson were no match for their competition . When Al , Willie and Natalie took their turn on stage , Matt joked that Al looked ` remarkably like something out of Wayne 's World ' with his white wig . ` I am actually Cousin Itt , ' he responded . While Willie did his best silent Sia performance , Al and Natalie flailed their bodies across the stage , in an attempt to mirror the music video 's 12-year-old star Maddie Ziegler . Imitation game : Al , Willie and Natalie donned white wigs for their performance of Sia 's Chandelier . Feeling confident : Al , Willie and Natalie struck a pose as they waited for the music to start . Great performance : Willie did his best impression of Sia as he lip synced the lyrics to her hit song Chandelier . The crow erupted with applause as soon as they were finished , but Matt could n't help but note : ` I 'm humiliated for you . ' Matt explained that for Today 's first - and probably last - lip sync battle , the crowd would assist Chrissy in choosing the winner by a show of applause . And Savannah looked visibly irked when it became clear that Al , Willie and Natalie 's performance was the audience favorite . ` I think I have to agree with the crowd , ' Chrissy said . ` I 'm going Team Sia . ' Major moves : While Willie pretended to sing , Al and Natalie danced wildly on stage like the 12-year-old star of the Chandelier video , Maddie Ziegler . Synced up : The trio 's choreography was spot on throughout their performance . After she presented them with a wrestling belt in honor of their win , Al said : ` This is so fantastic , ' before adding : ` I know Jimmy Fallon is rethinking this whole idea . ' Today show fans can also look forward to Willie and his colleague Hoda Kotb duking it out in upcoming episodes of Lip Sync Battle . ` They did a really shockingly good job , ' Chrissy told Matt of Willie and Hoda 's performances . ` Hoda gave it her all . ' In addition to the Today show stars , Dwayne Johnson , Anna Kendrick , Jennifer Lopez , John Legend , John Krasinski , Meghan Trainor , Common and Justin Bieber are all slated flaunt their lip syncing skill on the show 's first season . Today show champs : Chrissy named Team Sia the winners of the lip sync battle and awarded them with a wrestling belt , which Al threw over his shoulder . Victorious : Natalie shook hands with Savannah after her team won the ` non-singing ' competition .