Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul can understand Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz 's frustrations and has vowed there will be ` no surrender ' in a bid to right their current wretched wrongs . In Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix , Renault suffered two blown engines as first Red Bull 's Daniil Kvyat was forced out of the race , followed late on by Toro Rosso 's Max Verstappen . It was yet further embarrassment for Renault who are under pressure to perform after Red Bull 's billionaire benefactor Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One unless the French manufacturer raised their game . Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season . The fact Renault powered Red Bull to four consecutive drivers ' and constructors ' championships from 2010-2013 is a thing of the past . Instead , the focus is now on their problems , leading to Red Bull team principal Christian Horner hauling in Abiteboul to explain the woes in a post-race media debrief normally solely reserved for him . Asked about Mateschitz 's threat , Abiteboul said : ` I understand his position and frustration , and to a certain degree I 'm sure Renault 's board could share the same frustration . ` We understand we have issues . Those issues are supposed to be addressed by some of the many things going on at Renault Sport . Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo squabble with the McLarens of Fernando Alonso -LRB- left -RRB- and Jenson Button . ` There are things waiting to happen . There is a plan , and we need to understand if that plan is commensurate with the issues we 've seen on track . ` This plan was more focused on power because we saw that was where we were missing . We 've got all the driveability issues completely out of the way . ` Now we need to understand the reliability issues because a problem with reliability is bad for PR . ` Also when you have to address reliability issues you 're not necessarily in a position to address power , which is also still missing . ' Ricciardo -LRB- left -RRB- and Kvyat jostle for position - the latter was forced to retire after an engine failure . It means Red Bull 's problems seem to continue in the short term , leaving Horner to state : ` The solution is we get our heads down and we work hard . ` From Red Bull 's point of view , we 'll offer as much support in the relevant areas as we can . ` It 's a s **** y position to be , but we 've just got to engineer our way out of it . ' Abiteboul is aware the two failures at the Shanghai International Circuit will be addressed , adding : ` We 've just got to analyse what happened a little bit . ` It looks like the two issues are similar . We need to have a clear understanding . ` But we knew we had this reliability risk above our heads . Obviously it struck today , not the best day . It 's a tough business . But we will not surrender . We are in this together and we will hopefully fight back . '