A prosecutor is calling for an investigation into allegations the reserve deputy accused of shooting a suspect dead instead of reaching for his Taser received preferential treatment when he was recruited . A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates , 73 , when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff 's Office . Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2 . Scroll down for video . A memo has revealed that Robert Bates ,73 , who has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris , was given special treatment when he was admitted into the Deputy program . He is pictured leaving his arraignment in in Tulsa , Oklahoma , on Tuesday . According to Tulsa World , District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation after new information surfaced . He said on Friday : ` I am highly concerned about recent allegations that have surfaced and I have been in contact with independent law enforcement agencies regarding further investigation into these matters . ' ` To protect the integrity of these investigations , I will not give details or comment further on any investigation that is underway , ' he added . The memo concludes Bates did n't receive special treatment for admittance into the deputy program , but that he received special treatment once admitted . He was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops . The inquiry came to the conclusion that high-ranking officers created an atmosphere where employees were intimidated about reporting violations of department policy . The report says it was prepared for former Undersheriff Brian Edwards , who says he does n't remember its details . Dan Smolen , the attorney for Eric Harris , claimed that if the investigation 's findings had been acted on in 2009 Harris might still be alive . He told CBS News : ` I think there are so many people who look on at so much corruption it 's more than just a couple of people . ' Sheriff 's office spokesman Maj. Shannon Clark says he ca n't confirm the report but the department is preparing a statement . Bates appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Harris , who was killed during a botched sting . Charged : Bates -LRB- left in his mug shot -RRB- shot Harris -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and faces four years in prison if convicted . Sheriff Stanley Glanz said this week he believes that Bates received his required training . Bates , a Tulsa County volunteer , shot Harris , 44 , after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him . Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after Harris . In an attempt to subdue him , Bates went to grab his Taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . In the disturbing clip , which was released by the sheriff 's office , Bates can be heard shouting ` Taser ! Taser ! ' When the gunshot goes off , he says : ` I shot him ! I 'm sorry . ' The fatally-wounded father can be heard saying : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man ' before adding : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ! ' Earlier this week the Harris family expressed their anger after learning that retired insurance executive Bates , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , would be allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas . A statement released by the family read : ` Whether intended or not , Mr. Bates ' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric 's life , ' they said . This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month . Harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . Harris ' son Aidan Fraley -LRB- pictured right with his uncle Andre Harris a week after his father 's death -RRB- , has said the police officers who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . ` At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . ' It is not clear when he is leaving for the holiday but Bates will next appear in court on July 2 . He has previously visited the Bahamas with the sheriff , Stanley Glanz , and another reserve deputy and paid for part of Glanz 's trip . In separate news conferences on Monday , the county sheriff and lawyers for Harris ' family disagreed on whether the reserve officer should have been allowed to conduct police work . Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Bates , his long-time insurance agent and former campaign manager , had been properly trained and passed annual firearms certifications required by the state . Dan Smolen , the lawyer for Harris ' family , said the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office violated a number of its internal policies by letting Bates carry his personal handgun after training with another weapon . Smolen also said the department failed to keep a permanent record of Bates ' training , in violation of local policies . Records Bates released during the weekend showed that the volunteer officer was trained on a .45 , not the weapon used in Harris ' death . Bates , who sold his insurance business for $ 6 million in 1999 , was trained to be a Tulsa Police Department patrolman in 1964 but left in 1965 . He was out of law enforcement for 35 years , returning for volunteer work in Florida in 2000 before joining the Tulsa County force in 2008 and making a number of donations to the agency . He also was Glanz 's campaign manager during the 2012 election .