A British holidaymaker had to be forcibly removed from a Manchester-bound plane in Egypt after he allegedly threatened to kill other passengers . The plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in the Red Sea city of Hurghada when an unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane , a witness said . Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time , but was forced to return to its stand , where the man was removed by an armed officer . A witness said the unruly passenger was removed by an armed officer , causing a delay for travellers . Tony Penner , a passenger on the plane , told the Manchester Evening News that the disruptive man punched a bus door and uttered threats as travellers were being driven to the plane on Friday night . Mr Penner , 53 , said : ` He was with his partner who was also unsteady . He started shouting `` I 'll kill anybody who gets near me on the plane '' . ` It was a shocking thing to hear . We felt threatened . Then he started punching the bus door . He was n't a happy chap . ' The man boarded the plane despite the drama on the bus , and he left passengers feeling nervous after causing more problems on board . The drama unfolded after passengers spent time in the Red Sea tourist resort of Hurghada , Egypt . The captain announced that the plane would return to its stand , and passengers applauded when the man -- who had a large build and tattoos -- was removed , said Mr Penner . He told the Manchester Evening News : ` As soon as the steps went down an officer with a pistol came on board . ` He and the pilot chucked the guy off . He was complaining that everyone was picking on him . ' Passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for Manchester without the man on board . A Thomas Cook Airlines spokesperson told MailOnline Travel : ` We have a zero tolerance policy towards any behaviour on board affecting the safety and welfare of our crew and customers . ` We 'd like to thank those on board for the patience during the short delay to their flight home . ' It was unclear whether the man was detained or charged with a crime , and the airline would not reveal whether the man has been banned from its flights . Thomas Cook referred media to Egyptian authorities and the Foreign & Commonwealth Office . MailOnline Travel has contacted the FCO for comment .