Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi will go head-to-head once more in the race to be this season 's top scorer in the Champions League -- although Luiz Adriano threatens to spoil the party . Both Barcelona and Real Madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals this week with victories over Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid respectively . The planet 's best footballers have scored eight times in Europe this season . But Shakhtar Donetsk 's Adriano , courted by Arsenal and Liverpool , has netted on nine occasions this term . Cristiano Ronaldo , in action against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday evening , has scored eight goals in Europe . Lionel Messi also has eight goals in the Champions League this term ; one fewer than Luiz Adriano . Ronaldo and Messi will both play at least two more times after Real Madrid and Barcelona reached the last four . Adriano , who moved to Donetsk in 2007 , scored five against BATE Borsiov in the group stages . His performance that night made history , with the 27-year-old becoming only the second player to score five times in a Champions League game . The other was Messi for Barcelona against Bayer Leverkusen in 2012 . He also scored the third quickest hat-trick in the competition 's history -LRB- 12 minutes -RRB- as the Ukrainian side , knocked out by Bayern Munich in the round of 16 , racked up the biggest-ever half-time lead -LRB- 6-0 -RRB- in Europe 's premier tournament . ` I am in a good moment of my career and we 'll do what will be best for me and for the club , ' said Adriano last month when quizzed over his future . Adriano , who netted five times against BATE Borisov in the group , has scored more goals than any other player in the Champions League ... he is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League . ` With my contract set to expire and many good performances , it 'll be difficult to stay in Ukraine . ' Arsenal have sent scouts to watch Adriano in recent months , while Liverpool are also keen on the Brazilian . His contract with Shakhtar Donetsk runs out at the end of the year . Ronaldo and Messi however , remain in pole-position to top the scoring charts with Barcelona and Real Madrid both in the hat for the two-legged semi-finals to be played next month . Of the teams still in the pot , Neymar and Luis Suarez of Barcelona , Real Madrid 's Karim Benzema and former Manchester United and City striker Carlos Tevez , now plying his trade for Juventus , each have six goals . The draw for the last four will take place on Friday .