Samantha Cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a Ukip stronghold . The Prime Minister 's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood , the seat held by Mark Reckless after he defected from the Tories last summer . David Cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick Mr Reckless 's ` fat arse ' out of the Commons , and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial Kent battleground . Scroll down for video . Samantha Cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a Ukip stronghold . Mrs Cameron joined Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst for a visit to Abbey Court School in Rainham , Kent . Mrs Cameron met Mitchell , aged four , at the Abbey Court School in Rainham , a special school for three to 19-year-olds . She also spoke to five-year-old Jessica at the school , which aides said was ` very close to her heart ' Mrs Cameron 's first solo appearance three days into the campaign will be seen as a statement of intent from the Conservatives , who are desperate to wrest the seat back from Ukip following the by-election . Visiting a special school in the constituency , she joked that she was pleased that her campaigning duties did not stretch to a live TV debate . Mr Cameron is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night with the leaders of Labour , Lib Dems , Ukip , Greens , SNP and Plaid Cymru . Mrs Cameron told reporters : ` He does n't seem too nervous but I 'm very glad it 's him doing it and not me . ' When Mr Reckless defected from the Tories last year , the Prime Minister launched an extraordinary attack on his betrayal . Mr Cameron argued that committed volunteers have ` knocked on doors , stuffed envelopes , licked stamps to get his fat arse on the Commons benches , and this is how he repays them ' . But after the Conservatives threw the kitchen sink at the by-election triggered by his decision to join Ukip , Mr Reckless held it with a majority of 2,920 . Tory sources said it remains a ` key seat ' and Mrs Cameron was keen to support Miss Tolhurst who is a ` great local candidate ' Mrs Cameron is expected to make a series of more stridently political interventions , after using a BBC interview last month to back her husband 's bid to remain as Prime Minister . Tory sources said it remains a ` key seat ' and Mrs Cameron was keen to support Tory Kelly Tolhurst who is a ` great local candidate ' . Mrs Cameron is expected to make a series of more stridently political interventions , after using a BBC interview last month to back her husband 's bid to remain as Prime Minister . She said : ` He 's definitely for my mind the best man for the job . ` I hope that me and the family help him to keep things in perspective - keep him grounded - help him to pace himself over the next eight weeks . ' Miss Tolhurst who stood against Mr Reckless at the Rochester and Strood by-election in November . She greeted Mrs Cameron as she arrived for the visit to Abbey Court School in Rainham , Kent . Mrs Cameron wore a Cos raspberry coloured blouse and a blue skirt from Toast , teamed with navy shoes from Zara . She met head teacher Karen Joy as she toured the site for three to 19-year-olds with special educational needs , which aides said was ` very close to her heart ' . Mark Reckless defected from the Tories to Ukip last summer . After the Conservatives threw the kitchen sink at the subsequent by-election , Mr Reckless held it with a majority of 2,920 . In September , Mr Reckless followed Douglas Carswell to become the second Conservative to defect to Ukip . The turncoat MP was unrepentant about his defection , insisting the Tories had broken promises on immigration and reducing the deficit . Senior Conservatives reacted with fury . Party chairman Grant Shapps used the opening speech of the Tory conference to mount a sustained attack on Mr Reckless , declaring : ` He lied and lied and lied again . ' Mr Cameron has admitted that the pressures of wooing voters means their regular date nights will have to be put on hold . He told the Sunday Telegraph : ` I think that will probably be a bit testing . I think there wo n't be much time for some of those things . ` Samantha 's going to be on the campaign trail with me . She has also got other things she has to do , including making sure the children make it to school every day . ' In November 's by-election , Mr Reckless won 42 per cent of the vote , ahead of Kelly Tolhurst on 35 per cent . Prime Minister David Cameron and Chancellor George Osborne today visited Marston 's Brewery in Wolverhampton . The Tory power couple were filmed together at the weekend during a visit to Salford 's Royal Hospital in Greater Manchester . Speaking to a patient , they discussed their many hospital visits with son Ivan , who died in 2009 . The PM said : ` When our son was very ill , we often went into hospital and it is very difficult to get out at the weekend . ' Mrs Cameron added : ` On a Friday , if we thought there was any chance that we could get home , I was like : ` We 've got to get out this afternoon ' . '