Criticised : Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing role at BBC . The chairman of the BBC Trust will quit her role as a director at HSBC , it was reported last night . Rona Fairhead was last month accused of being either ` incredibly naive or totally incompetent ' by Margaret Hodge , chairman of the Commons public accounts committee , over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank 's Swiss division . Now , the 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for ` a further one-year period ' before leaving the bank 's board entirely , according to The Times . She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20 . It marks a change in position for the bank , which said in its annual report that Mrs Fairhead would again stand for re-election . She had been on the board since 2004 . Last night , HSBC insisted that ` no decision has been taken at this time ' . In a bruising encounter , Labour MP Mrs Hodge had told the BBC chief : ` You should think about resigning . If not , the Government should sack you . ' Mrs Fairhead chaired HSBC 's audit committee and then its risk committee while its Swiss clients are said to have dodged tax . The bank was subsequently fined £ 1.2 billion for breaching American money-laundering laws . Last year , Mrs Fairhead earned more than £ 500,000 last year as chairwoman of HSBC 's American business . Her decision marks a change from February , when HSBC 's annual report said that despite having been on the board since 2004 , Mrs Fairhead would again stand for re-election . She was appionted to her role as chairwoman of the BBC Trust in October last year for a five-year term . Mrs Fairhead suggested that ` frontline ' staff should bear responsibility for breaching the bank 's policies , during her grilling by the public accounts committee . She said : ` We were horrified when we discovered -LRB- what happened -RRB- . I can assure you absolutely no evidence of tax evasion was received . I could only respond to evidence that I had and I could only deal with that . ' But Mrs Hodge responded that to ` simply take the evidence and not question ... would mean she is not fit for purpose ' . Under fire : Margaret Hodge , chairman of the Commons public accounts committee -LRB- left -RRB- , called on Fairhead to quit or be sacked from BBC role over her HSBC role . Her likely departure from HSBC comes as the bank is planning for a wider clearout of non-executives who have been on the board for a long period of time .