Manchester United will offer Robin van Persie £ 5million to quit the club this summer . The 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £ 250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford , but United officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £ 10m loyalty bonus -- agreed when he signed from Arsenal in 2012 -- to free up wages for another striker . Italian giants Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move and United bosses are willing to take a cut-price fee , as they realise Van Persie will have to take a pay cut to join a Serie A side . Manchester United will offer Robin van Persie £ 5million to quit the club this summer . The Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season , but has still managed 10 Premier League goals . Manchester United target Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV during the summer transfer window . Lazio are also interested . Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer , and United have been linked with Paris Saint-Germain 's Edinson Cavani and Memphis Depay of PSV . Louis van Gaal 's side are third in the Premier League and go into Sunday 's derby against City at Old Trafford knowing a win will put them four points clear of their rivals . And City players stand to lose £ 500,000 each in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season . The champions give star men such as Sergio Aguero , David Silva , Joe Hart and Yaya Toure incentivised deals to stay within Financial Fair Play requirements and they will miss out on a payday if City fail to reach the group stages of Europe 's top competition . The top three qualify automatically with the fourth-place team entering a qualifying round . City are fourth , five points clear of Southampton and seven ahead of Liverpool , who host Newcastle on Monday night . Manchester United also hold an interest in Edinson Cavani , pictured in action against Marseille last weekend . Louis van Gaal explained at his press conference on Friday that Van Persie is not yet fit enough to play . Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez -LRB- pictured -RRB- are also expected to leave Old Trafford in the summer .