Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between Nicola Sturgeon and the French ambassador . The SNP leader has denied telling French ambassador Sylvie Bermann that she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10 while suggesting that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material . Ms Sturgeon told supporters at a rally in Glasgow today that she had written to Sir Jeremy to demand an official investigation . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon , pictured , had asked Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo . She told supporters in Glasgow today that the Westminster establishment were afraid of the SNP 's rise and called on Ed Miliband to commit to ` locking out ' David Cameron from Downing Street next month . Ms Sturgeon completely denied claims that she secretly hoped David Cameron would win the election . She claimed that the story was a sign of ` panic ' within the Westminster establishment over the surge of support for her party . She then called on Mr Miliband to publicly commit to working with the SNP to ` lock out ' Mr Cameron from Downing Street in the event of a hung parliament . Ms Sturgeon described the account of her conversation with the French ambassador as ' 100 per cent untrue ' . The memo was published in the Daily Telegraph was written by a British civil servant following a conversation with consul-general Pierre-Alain Coffinier regarding the meeting between Ms Sturgeon and ambassador Sylvie Bermann , who was on her first visit to Scotland in February . According to the memo : ` Discussion appears to have focused mainly on the political situation , with the FM stating that she would n't want a formal coalition with Labour ; that the SNP would almost certainly have a large number of seats ... that she 'd rather see David Cameron remain as PM . ' The note went on to say that Ms Sturgeon had said she did not think Labour leader Ed Miliband was ` prime minister material ' . The civil servant added : ` I have to admit that I 'm not sure that the FM 's tongue would be quite so loose on that kind of thing in a meeting like that , so it might well be a case of something being lost in translation ' . Mr Coffinier - who was at the meeting - told Sky News that he had no recollection of Ms Sturgeon 's alleged comments . He said : ` I do not know where this comes from , because it is certainly not in my report that anyone gave any preference . ' David Cameron , pictured today , said any deal between Labour and the SNP would be a ` chaos alliance ' A spokesman for the Ms Bermann said : ` While the Ambassador and First Minister , some time ago , discussed the political situation , Ms Sturgeon did not touch on her personal political preferences with regards to the future prime minister . ' Attending an anti-nuclear rally in Glasgow , Ms Sturgeon said : `` This story has already been shown to be 100 per cent untrue - having been comprehensively rejected by both the French Ambassador and Consul General . ` The real issue is how a second-hand and inaccurate account of this meeting - which was not even attended by the UK Government - came to be written by a UK Government civil servant and then leaked to Tory-supporting newspapers at the start of a General Election campaign . ` It suggests a Whitehall system out of control - a place where political dirty tricks are manufactured and leaked . And the Foreign Office now appears to be denying the very existence of such a document . Nicola Sturgeon would rather see David Cameron win the election because she does not see Ed Miliband as ` prime minister material ' , it was reported last night . A memo shows that the Scottish first minister told the French ambassador in February she would prefer to see Mr Cameron remain in Downing Street . The document , which was leaked to the Daily Telegraph , undermines the SNP leader 's claim that she wants to build a progressive alliance with Labour to keep the Conservatives out of office . The SNP 's opponents say the party would favour another Tory-led Westminster government , against which it could campaign in an attempt to stoke up anti-English sentiment and make an ` out ' vote more likely in another referendum . Written by a senior civil servant , the memo from February 26 states : ` The first minister confessed that she 'd rather see David Cameron remain as PM -LRB- and did n't see Ed Miliband as PM material -RRB- . ' She has denied the claims while last night Last night the French consul general told the Guardian that no such views were given by Miss Sturgeon , and ` absolutely no preference was expressed ' on the outcome of the general election . ` I am therefore writing to the head of the UK civil service , Sir Jeremy Heywood , requesting an urgent inquiry into the circumstances of such a false account being leaked for transparently political motives . ' The SNP leader added : ` Anyone who knows anything about me knows I do n't want to see a Conservative government . I 'm campaigning to get the Tories out of Downing Street . We 've made if very clear that we will lock David Cameron out of Downing Street - the only person who 's not made that clear is Ed Miliband . ` We 've said that if there are more SNP and Labour MPs than there are Tory MPs , then we will vote to stop a Tory government even getting off the ground . I reissue my challenge to Ed Miliband today to say likewise . ' Conservative Culture Secretary Sajid Javid told Sky News : ` Who knows what the reality is there ? I think the one thing that we do know is that the SNP seem to be doing very well in Scotland at the moment ... and it strongly suggests that the only way Ed Miliband could every come into office is in coalition with the SNP and that would mean chaos for Britain . ' And a Conservative spokesman said : ` Ed Miliband still wo n't rule out a deal with the SNP because he knows he ca n't get into Number 10 without them - he 's in the pocket of Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon has him on a leash . ` And we know what 's in the ransom note : £ 148 billion more wasteful borrowing , higher taxes on ordinary families , weaker defences and more debt than our children could ever hope to repay . ' Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said : ` The First Minister might deny reports of her tete-a-tete with the French but we all know a Conservative-only government is the result of this election that the SNP want to see . A Tory PM governing alone in Downing Street and veering to the right fuels nationalist fires back home . ` Despite her fluffy , positive words about working with the rest of the UK we know what she really thinks . Her sole ambition is to break up the UK . ' Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood , pictured , has announced a full investigation into the growing scandal . Ed Miliband , pictured , said he will not enter into any coalition with the SNP as he wants a majority . Mr Miliband described the leaked memo as a ` damning revelation ' claiming the SNP were saying one thing in private and something completely different in public . He said : ` I 'm very clear that there wo n't be a coalition with the SNP . That 's not going to happen , As for how other parties will end up voting on a Labour Queen 's Speech , that 's a matter for them . I want a majority Labour government . ' Mr Miliband refused to rule out any post-election deal where he would rely on SNP support to prop up a minority government . He added : ` What I 'm saying very clearly is we are not going to have a coalition with the SNP . As for other post-election possibilities , I 'm not getting into that . ' Prime Minister David Cameron joined the row while campaigning in Oxfordshire today . He said : ` There is this coalition of chaos alliance we could end up with if we are not careful - an alliance between the people who want to bankrupt Britain - Labour - and the people who want to break up Britain - the SNP , Nicola Sturgeon and Alex Salmond . ` That 's what we have got to avoid , that big danger of a coalition of chaos that would take our country back . ' He claimed Ms Sturgeon 's disputed opinion of the Labour leader ` told us something that I said about four years ago - that Ed Miliband is not up to the job of being prime minister . I think we knew that already ' .