Car-congested cities could become a thing of the past , provided people are prepared to ride-share with a robot driver . A new study claims these ` taxibots ' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent . The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis . Scroll down for video . Car-congested cities could become a thing of the past , provided people are prepared to ride-share with a robot driver . Pictured is an interior view of a Google self-driving car showing the video and the data the car uses to ` see ' the road . Google is believed to be working on technology for self-driving cabs , but has n't revealed details . The study , by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal . By plugging the data into a computer model , they simulated how such self-driving , communal cabs would affect traffic . Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent . The authors said replacing personal cars with self-driving cabs would also free valuable real estate currently used for public parking - equivalent to over 200 football pitches in Lisbon 's case . Major technology firms are already banking on self-driving taxis to be the future of transportation . Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent . In this image is one Google 's autonomous vehicles pictured with Google Chairman Eric Schmidt -LRB- left -RRB- and US Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx -LRB- right -RRB- . Last year , for instance , ride-sharing service Uber said it could replace all of its drivers with autonomous vehicles . CEO Travis Kalanick admitted the technology would keep costs down , and these savings could then be passed on to its customers . Corey Clothier , who is co-ordinating the trials told DailyMail.com that an accident involved a driverless car is inevitable - although he added none have taken place in his pilots . ` Systems will fail , people 's judgements will fail , ' he said . ` If someone jumps out from a blind spot from a vehicle , if it ca n't stop , it ca n't stop . ' A recent report by the Institution of Engineering and Technology highlighted research that showed human drivers change their behaviour when using the same roads as autonomous cars . Motorists were found to copy the driving style of the computer controlled cars by leaving less space between them and the vehicle in front , but were less able to react quickly . However , many experts say that driverless cars could actually reduce the risk of accidents as computers are able to react a lot faster than humans . Google has also been teaching its vehicles to drive more safely by giving them instructions on ` defensive driving ' styles . They have also been experimenting with teaching the vehicles ` body language ' to communicate with other drivers what its intentions are . Speaking at the Code Conference in California , Kalanick said : ` The reason Uber could be expensive is because you 're not just paying for the car - you 're paying for the other dude in the car . ` When there 's no other dude in the car , the cost of taking an Uber anywhere becomes cheaper than owning a vehicle . ' Google was an early backer of the San Francisco-based firm , investing $ 258 million -LRB- £ 170 million -RRB- in the controversial ride-sharing service through its venture capital arm in August 2013 . But last month unnamed source told Bloomberg that Google is preparing to offer its own taxi service , and it was likely to use its driverless cars . The report said that Google had told Uber 's board of this possibility , and executives had seen screenshots of what appears to be a Google ride-sharing app , currently being used by employees . While driverless taxis are still some way off from becoming a reality , a separate report last month found they could soon find their way into our airports and campuses . Ten US cities will roll out automated vehicle pilot projects this year , with the first being unveiled in Tampa Bay , Florida in the spring . Meanwhile , trials will launch in another 12 to 20 US locations by the end of next year , which means driverless cars could be on the roads in up to 30 US cities by 2017 . As well as the US , the UK will also be trialing the vehicles in Greenwich as part of the $ 9 million project called Gateway , shuttling people to the O2 Arena . The finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis . Some will be on the roads where it 's legal , ' Corey Clothier , a strategist Comet LLC , who is running the trials told DailyMail.com . Passengers can set their destination on some of the vehicles by typing it into a map or using commands . A combination of radar , lasers gives the car a 360-degree ` view ' , with sensors linked to computer software able to ` see ' and identify people , cars , road signs and markings and traffic lights . ` It 's interesting to see people 's reactions ' , said Clothier . ` Very few are nervous , or noticeably nervous . ` We 've had interesting reactions from non-riders too . We were in the Silicon Valley and we had hundreds of people step in front of the vehicle to see what would happen . ' ` The vehicles stopped . We 've never had an accident . ' Major technology firms are already banking on self-driving taxis to be the future of transportation . Pictured is an illustration of how a map within a driverless cab would identify a cars lane position in relation to the rest of the road network .