Three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools , backing The Mail on Sunday 's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . Charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers , saying it could prevent hundreds of deaths every year . Previously , only the Liberal Democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum . But last week Labour , Ukip and the Green Party added their support as they unveiled their Election manifestos . Three more political parties have backed The Mail on Sunday 's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . It means the Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge . Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham told The Mail on Sunday that the issue was ` close to his heart ' . He said : ` One of my constituents , a very fit 16-year-old called Daniel Young , collapsed and died on the football pitch ten years ago . It really touched me -- as a parent , the trauma of losing a child in those circumstances is incomprehensible . ` Our manifesto pledge is about making sure all children are taught basic CPR skills before leaving school . We want to empower a generation of children , and potentially save hundreds of lives . This is about community resilience and people looking after each other . ' Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham -LRB- pictured left -RRB- said the issue was ` close to his heart ' The Mail on Sunday is campaigning to make sure all schools teach basic first-aid techniques . The skills can also be taught by older children to their younger peers . The campaign has support from Schools Minister David Laws , teachers , doctors and leading charities . Tory Education Secretary Nicky Morgan believes schools should not be forced to teach first-aid skills as part of an overcrowded curriculum . However , Tory Education Secretary Nicky Morgan insists that while first-aid skills are important , schools should not be forced to teach them as part of an overcrowded curriculum . She will instead modernise sex education lessons to include advice on ` revenge porn ' and internet safety . St John Ambulance has launched a ` promise portal ' to encourage all Election candidates to register their support for the campaign . Richard Fernandez , the charity 's head of public affairs , said : ` We have been calling for first aid to be a compulsory part of the national curriculum , so that every child has the chance to learn to be a lifesaver . ` This is a policy that has had backing from individuals in all parties , but it has yet to become reality . ` We 're delighted that Labour , the Liberal Democrats , Ukip and the Greens have now adopted this policy and included it in their General Election manifestos . ` We are continuing to call on all candidates from the other parties to give their individual support . ' For more information , visit thepromise.sja.org.uk .