Mark Wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived England suit . ` I wore it around the house a bit too much really but I was absolutely buzzing just to have it on . ` Trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started , ' says Wood , one of the uncapped members of Alastair Cook 's squad who fly to the Caribbean on Thursday for a three-Test series against West Indies . The 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st , he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler . Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies . When he 's not steaming in to bowl at 90mph Mark Wood can find himself fielding for long stretches of time . Thankfully the Durham paceman has the perfect remedy to keep things interesting during a lengthy stint on the boundary rope . ` There are times when it gets boring in the field , so I bring out the imaginary horse and try to joust my team-mates , ' Wood said recently . ` I do n't know how the England boys will take it , but I 'll have a go . I like to have a trot and feed him apples -- he loves Granny Smiths . ` Sometimes it 's just the pick-me-up the lads need . The horse will probably come with me to the Caribbean if he gets through immigration . If they do n't like it then I can just tie him up and leave him somewhere . ' But England are looking for something different in the wake of their woeful World Cup and Wood , whose ability to hurry batsmen from a short run-up is reminiscent of Craig White and Simon Jones from previous eras , fits the bill . Several players on the county circuit last season would testify that he was the slipperiest bowler they faced . ` I can hit 90mph but it 's not something I tend to concentrate on , ' said Wood . ` The quickest ball I have been clocked at on the telly was 91 but I am sure I can bowl quicker than that . ` You know yourself , without the speed guns , when it 's coming out lovely and the rhythm 's there . ` When I bowl I am not just trying to blast people out , I would like to think that being the slight lad that I am with a short run-up , it is more the surprise element that gets batters in trouble . I tend to rush them a little bit but would like to think I have more skills than just raw pace . ' Primary among those skills is a mastery of reverse swing . It was no coincidence that his first three County Championship appearances for Durham all came at Trent Bridge , where the abrasive nature of the square roughs the ball up perfectly for exponents of the art . Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler . But he has also displayed a marked improvement in his use of the new ball , swinging it to good effect whenever he got it during the 2014 season . Previously , he faced a battle to prise it from the hands of his Durham team-mates Graham Onions and Chris Rushworth . So a marker of his progress was provided at the turn of this year when he was opening the bowling for England Lions on the tour of South Africa . That breakthrough moment on the field has been replicated off it , with Wood 's devotion to the ECB 's fitness regime enabling him to play a string of matches following a career punctuated by injuries , including stress fractures of the back , a cyst on his left ankle , knee trouble and side strains . ` My body type has changed a lot since I was the lad who broke through into the first team , ' he said . ` I have done two winters now where they have basically pumped us up in the gym to get us stronger and fitter . ` I did a four-week camp in Potchefstroom , South Africa , before Christmas when I was smashing myself along with the other fast bowlers . That got me the Lions call-up and off that , maintaining that strength , got me the Test call-up . ' Wood has sought advice from former Durham and England fast bowler Steve Harmison . His first-class haul of 74 wickets at 26 runs apiece is creditable even if his number of appearances , 23 , is a bit thin . But as he showed in taking four Australia A wickets in as many overs in a Durham win at Chester-le-Street three years ago , he has the knack of getting good players out . It may help him sneak ahead of Liam Plunkett or Chris Jordan in the pace pecking order . ` I am not going to the West Indies to make the numbers up . I want to play a Test match , whether it be the first , middle or last one , ' he said . ` It 's a good opportunity . As an England fan it has been frustrating to watch during the winter but everyone will agree that to put things right we have to start in the Caribbean . ' It was for the carnage created at Sabina Park , Jamaica , that Steve Harmison , another cricketing son of Ashington , was renamed Grievous Bodily Harmison 11 years ago . ` There 's no pressure on us , is there ? ' said Wood . ` The last lad from Ashington took seven for 12 . But if I get half of that I will be doing all right . Steve 's a family friend so he 's offered me advice on what the pitches will be like and how I should go about things . The main thing he told me is that the stumps do n't move -- we had a bit of a joke about that because of the ball he bowled in Brisbane -LRB- the first delivery of the 2006-07 Ashes , which went straight to Andrew Flintoff at second slip -RRB- -- his point being that if you make sure you get the first one on target you 'll be fine after that . ' They are big shoes to fill but Wood appears comfortable in his own .