Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson has been filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team 's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night . The footage shows a young man , thought to be an Adelaide Power fan , taunting Clarkson as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room , before Clarkson pushes the man and grabs his neck . It appears the video was captured by a friend of the young man and it 's understood the pair had been goading Clarkson in the lead-up to the confrontation . Scroll down for video . Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man , thought to be an Adelaide Power fan after his team 's loss on the weekend . Alastair Clarkson was approached by the fan as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room . The man reportedly ` got in his face ' yelling ` Hey Clarko , how was the win today brother ? ' In the video , which was provided to Channel Seven , the fan is seen shouting in the face of the Hawks coach . ` Hey Clarko , Clarko , how was the win , how was the win today brother ? Goooo the Power ! An agitated Clarkson lashes out at the man before grabbing him by the throat . The incident took place in the hours after the Hawthorn Hawks ' narrow eight-point loss to Port Adelaide . Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox , who saw the incident unfold , has described it as ` very unfortunate . ' ` Alastair was walking back to the hotel with our general manager of football Chris Fagan and came across some intoxicated boys and Clarko was certainly harassed , ' Fox said in an interview with Fox Sports . ` He politely declined to be photographed and videoed and the boys just got in his face and tried to get Clarko into the hotel and it was one of those issues that got a little bit ugly . It 's not known whether the man in the video was a Power supporter as he was n't wearing any Port Adelaide clothing . Port Adelaide CEO Keith Thomas said those responsible would be held accountable if found to be club members . ` If it is a Port Adelaide member ... we 'll be acting pretty aggressively about that , ' Thomas told Fox Sports . Hawks coach Alastair Clarkson , pictured , was ` pushed and shoved all the way to the door , ' says Hawthorn CEO . It 's not the first altercation the Hawthorn coach has been involved in . In 2006 Clarkson was fined $ 5000 for abusing umpires on board a plane and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire Justin Schmitt 's performance which involved a defeat to Geelong . But Hawthorn 's Stuart Fox and others in the AFL community have voiced their support of Clarkson , saying he was ` harassed . ' Fox said the video missed the minute prior to the incident where Clarkson and Chris Fagan declined photographs with the two fans and tried to get themselves to the hotel room . ` They were pushed and shoved all the way up to the door and , unfortunately , Clarko 's pushed back and got himself in the hotel and gone straight to bed ' Fox said . Fox said the incident draws attention to the lack of security at the hotel . He said the club has contacted the AFL to seek clarification on post-game security procedures . In 2006 , Clarkson was fined $ 5000 for abusing umpires on a flight and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire 's performance over a defeat to Geelong . Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox told media the boys were intoxicated and ` Clarko was certainly harassed ' Port Adelaide fans celebrate their eight-point wine over Hawthorn at Adelaide Oval on Saturday . The hotel altercation took place a few hours after the round 4 AFL match between Hawthorn and Port Adelaide on Saturday . Former Collingwood and Brisbane coach Leigh Matthews has also come out in support of Clarkson , Fairfax reports . ` He 's shoved the guy away . It was unbelievable provocation , really . The guy was lucky he did n't get knocked into next week , ' Matthews told Channel Seven . Hawkes CEO Stuart Fox said Clarkson would be busy and ` pretty focused ' today on the team 's Box Hill game in Victoria .