Saturday Night Live cast member Cecily Strong took aim at Barack Obama and Washington 's elite when she hosted the Correspondents ' Dinner . The comedian famous for her portrayal of ` Girl You Wish You Had n't Started a Conversation With at a Party ' started off Saturday 's fete by saying that ` it feels right to have a woman follow President Obama , does n't it ? ' . She continued with a barrage of jokes skewering the president 's inner circle and assembled media , including Hillary Clinton and NBC at the annual event dubbed the ` nerd prom ' . Scroll down for video . Cecily Strong , -LRB- center -RRB- the Saturday Night Live cast member and host of the White House Correspondents Dinner , skewered Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama and Republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech . One of Strong 's best jokes poked fun at both the president and police brutality , when she said Obama 's graying hair ` is so white now it can talk back to the police ' J.Mendel Floral Halterneck Mermaid Gown . Shop the dress at Bergdorf Goodman . Visit site . SNL star Cecily Strong made some pretty funny jokes at the White House Correspondents Dinner as she pokes fun of Washington and even the President . The funny lady 's memorable speech might have stolen the show , but it was her stunning gown that had the wow factor . She donned an expensive J.Mendel gown to the formal dinner . A purple floral halter neck gown with a mermaid silhouette that really accentuates Cecily 's figure . Her dress is available online at Bergdorf Goodman in orange but comes with a price tag of almost $ 6000 . Steal Cecily 's look for less with our selection of floral gowns that would not cost an arm or a leg . These gorgeous gowns will come in handy next time you have a formal event to attend . No more last minute gown shopping ! And with prices as low as $ 49 , you 'll still have plenty of cash left to splurge on the accessories and shoes . Hoss Intropia long dress at Yoox -LRB- Now $ 49 -RRB- . Visit site . ELIZA J floral halter gown at Lord & Taylor . Visit site . Betsy & Adam floral-print ombre popover gown at Macy 's . Visit site . Adrianna Papell sleeveless floral gown at Dillard 's . Visit site . ` I took Amtrak here . It was way more luxurious than I thought . Did you know they have massage seats on there ? All you have to do is sit in front of Joe Biden , ' she said . She continued lambasting the DC elite by poking fun at the events location , according to NBC . ` It 's an honor to be here at the Washington Hilton ... is something a prostitute might say to a congressman . ' ` I bet when the president walked in tonight and saw the bell hops , he probably thought , ` Finally , some decent security . ' She pivoted from her joke about recent Secret Service lapses to speaking about a series of episodes of alleged police brutality toward African-Americans . Strong said that the president security force is ` the only law enforcement organization in the country that will get in trouble if a black man gets shot . ' She also said that Obama 's graying hair ` is so white now it can talk back to the police ' . Saying that she ` would never endorse someone I do n't play on SNL ' , Strong spent much of her speech riffing on the Clinton family . The comedian made media outlets assembled promise not to report on Hillary Clinton 's appearance because it was ` not journalism ' , and poked fun at foreign donation to the Clinton Foundation . Strong said that Michelle Obama -LRB- left -RRB- was the ` most important person in the room ' , but that her garden would be turned into an above ground pool by Bill Clinton . ` Let 's talk about the most important person in the room , my leader : Michelle Obama . Now Michelle , you take care of that garden while you can . In 18 months , you know Bill is turning that thing into an above-ground pool ' . After making media outlets promise not to report about Hillary 's appearance , Strong also said that US 's tense relationship with Israel could be fixed if the Middle Eastern country ` made a generous donation to the Clinton Foundation ' . Republicans eyeing for the presidency in 2016 also came under fire during the annual event , with Senator Ted Cruz being called the exact opposite of Obama , ` a Canadian Latino who will never be president ' . ` Jeb Bush is probably in the race . The presidential race , not the Hispanic race , ' she said , referencing his checking ` Hispanic ' on a voter registration form in 2009 . However , the comedian went after other figures beyond politicians , taking shots at the media executives seated in the audience . ` BuzzFeed is here , but I could show you a listicle of 17 reasons why they should n't be , ' she said . ` USA Today is here , of course , they 're only here because they were slipped under the hotel door . That 's USA Today , unless today is Saturday or Sunday ' . She touched on the media 's biggest scandal over the past year with a quick quip at her own network . ` And what can I say about Brian Williams ? '' Strong asked . ` Nothing , because I work for NBC , ' she said .