Shocking images have been released showing the ` horrific ' conditions inside a Gold Coast caravan park with a long and checkered history of drug abuse , violence , and abject poverty . The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents , and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park , which lies just ten kilometres from the region 's famous Glitter Strip , under police protection . The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . Senior Sergeant Mark Anderson , from the Mudgeeraba Police Station , said that officers considered that caravan park ` safe ' before midday , but that ` once residents start on the drugs or alcohol , the situation deteriorates ' . ` We try and get children out of there as quickly as we can . It 's easier for us to deal with incidents if there are no children around , ' he told The Gold Coast Bulletin . The conditions of the caravan park has been labelled ` horrific ' by authorities , with some of the sites , which include an old bus , tarpaulins , and run-down caravans , are left without running water . The owner of the caravan park , Bob Purcell , said that the discounted rent of between $ 90 and $ 200 he offered to residents attracted a certain type of person . ` If you have cheap rent you 're going to get some sort of problem with those sort of people , ' he told A Current Affair . Senior Sergeant Mark Anderson , from the Mudgeeraba Police Station said that police try to remove children . Residents of the caravan park have told of the horrific levels of violence in the Village . ` We 'll get up to mischief here on occasions , ' he said . In 2008 , a man died in a caravan fire , and in 2010 , a male resident of the caravan park was charged with the stabbing of another man at the Village , reported The Courier Mail . In March last year three residents , allegedly armed with knives and baseball bats , were hospitalised after a violent brawl broke out involving 20 men , reported The Gold Coast Bulletin . Residents of the caravan park said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse . One residents said that much of the violence had to do with ` who 's paid and who has n't paid ' . ` There 's blues all the time , and there 's no security at all , ' he said . Residents of the caravan park said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse . Police are called to the caravan park frequently , and called the conditions of the park ` horrific ' The same man admitted he had padlocks on his gate and front door just to ward away potential conflicts . Christian volunteers from Transformations Ministries visit the caravan park regularly , and offer food supplies as well as counselling services to the residents . Program co-ordinator Mark Farrugia said that the volunteers tried to show unconditional love and that the ministry offered drug and rehabilitation service . ` This place provides a next step from the street . It is providing roofs over people 's heads , ' Mr Farrugia said . ` Where you find a low socio-economic area you find the issues of drugs and alcohol are involved , and particularly where the drug ice is involved it escalates people 's erratic actions .