Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running without even kicking a ball on Sunday as their nearest rivals Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach . Needing to win to keep the title race alive - at least mathematically - for another week , Wolfsburg rarely looked like succeeding as they were second best at the Borussia Park Stadion . They resisted until the last minute of the game , though , when Max Kruse struck to earn the Foals a win which moves them up to third and secures their place in the Champions League next season . Max Kruse -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates his last-minute winner against Wolfsburg on Sunday in the Bundesliga . Wolfsburg knew only a victory against Borussia Moenchengladbach would keep their title dreams alive . But the defeat means Bayern Munich have been crowned Bundesliga champions for the 25th time . The result means Bayern , who beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear , have taken the title for a record 25th time , while Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title . Bayern have secured the title with four matches to spare . However , the Champions League semi-finalists will have to wait to celebrate it with their fans as they travel to Bayer Leverkusen next week before hosting Augsburg on May 9th . ` Retaining the title is a magnificent achievement . All credit to the coach and the team , ' Bayern president Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said on the club 's website . ` They 've been fantastic throughout , in a season following a World Cup where we had a host of players in action . ' Bastian Schweinsteiger 's well-taken goal secured a vital three points for Bayern on Saturday . Bayern were celebrating their latest title on Sunday and they tweeted this photo via their official account . In Sunday 's other match , Paderborn wasted an opportunity to move out of the relegation zone as they threw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at home with Werder Bremen . Mario Vrancic and Moritz Stoppelkamp grabbed two goals in as many minutes to put the East Westphalians in front , but Davie Selke brought Bremen back into the game on the stroke of half-time . Izet Hajrovic levelled in the 75th minute while Paderborn were reduced to 10 men three minutes later when Michael Heinloth was sent off , compounding their woes and leaving them inside the bottom three . Pep Guardiola 's treble-chasing side are also in the semi-finals of the German Cup and Champions League .