Chris Sutton has told the SFA they must hold bungling officials to account . The former Celtic striker has branded additional official Alan Muir ` idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by Inverness Caley Thistle defender Josh Meekings in Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final . Meekings is now fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup Final following a Notice of Complaint from the SFA compliance officer . Inverness defender Josh Meekings -LRB- left -RRB- blocks a goal-bound header from Leigh Griffiths -LRB- right -RRB- with his hand . Celtic 's Aleksandar Tonev -LRB- centre -RRB- surges forward with the ball during the Scottish Cup semi-final . Former Hoops striker Chris Sutton -LRB- pictured in 2005 -RRB- has called for more accountability for officials . Insisting the officials should not escape scot free either , however , Sutton says Muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he 's not up to the job . ` There 's not a conspiracy theory or anything like that , ' he insisted . ` It was just an absolute shocker . I just ca n't work out what he was thinking . ` It was just idiotic how he did n't see it . It was n't a conspiracy , I just ca n't remember a decision that bad from someone standing so close . ` There is no way he could have thought that ball hit the player on the head , he must be an idiot not to see it . It 's just ridiculous . ' A goal ahead at the time , Celtic reacted to ` supporter pressure ' by writing to the SFA seeking clarification on the failure of referee Steven McLean to award a penalty and send Meekings off . Sutton infamously triggered a huge row in 2003 when he accused Dunfermline of ` lying down ' to Rangers to pip Celtic to the title on the final day . Insisting Sunday was a question of incompetence rather than integrity , however , he added : ` It 's not a conspiracy , it 's just a rubbish and inept decision . ` It should n't happen and it does n't reflect well on the Scottish game if decisions like that are made . ` I do n't know if maybe he -LRB- Muir -RRB- panicked , but he has a job to do and if he is not up to the job -- which he clearly was n't -- then he should n't do it again . ` You can understand the frustration of the Celtic fans and players and the manager 's frustration . ` I 'm not saying that changes the perception of what Ronny Deila has done . As the season has gone on Celtic have got stronger -- but you have to say it 's a chance to win a Treble missed due to not just a poor decision , but an awful one . ' Celtic captain Scott Brown -LRB- left -RRB- appeals to referee Steven McLean during the Scottish Cup semi-final . Celtic 's Adam Matthews -LRB- right -RRB- slides in with a strong challenge on Nick Ross -LRB- left -RRB- during Sunday 's game . Speaking at a charity golf day for the John Hartson Foundation , Sutton echoed his former team-mate in querying the club 's decision to write to the SFA -- an action which has infuriated fans of other clubs . ` The SFA will write back and just say he did n't see , ' he continued . ` You know what 's going to happen and it 's a waste of a stamp . ` I think Celtic will be harbouring grudges for quite some time -- and quite rightly so . ' Hartson added : ` I ca n't fathom out what Celtic are going to gain by writing a letter to the SFA . ' Celtic pair Tonev -LRB- left -RRB- and John Guidetti -LRB- right -RRB- look dejected following their semi-final defeat by Inverness .