Ethiopian Airlines passengers were forced to endure a frustrating experience when their plane had to divert to Mumbai 's primary airport twice on the same day . Indian media reported that the Boeing 777-300ER first diverted to Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight from southern China to Addis Ababa . After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital , but was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency shortly after take-off . A 10-hour flight turned into a lengthy delay as an Ethiopian Airlines plane diverted twice to Mumbai . Flight ET607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from Guangzhou , China when it had to change course and refuel in Mumbai at about 4:15 am local time yesterday . The twin-engine plane departed for Ethiopia at 7:30 am , but was forced to turn back as it flew over the Arabian Sea . It made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble , Mid-Day reported . The plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary repairs , meaning passengers were forced to disembark and enter the airport terminal . After stopping to refuel the Boeing 777-300ER , travelling from Guangzhou , China , departed for Addis Ababa . The plane turned around over the Arabian Sea and returned due to engine trouble , Indian media reported . They had to go through customs before being transferred to a hotel approximately 12 hours after their original departure , Mid-Day reported . The flight to Addis Ababa was supposed to arrive in a little more than 10 hours without any stops . MailOnline Travel has contacted Ethiopian Airlines for comment . The flight diversions occurred just days after the state-owned carrier was named one of the world 's most reliable airlines . Travel website WanderBrat put Ethiopian Airlines sixth on its list , with Qatar Airways claiming top spot thanks to its flight punctuality , modern fleet and minimal surcharges for passengers .