This is one safety video you wo n't be able to take your eyes off . A dramatic virtual environment has been created using a headset that shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water . The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset - by Italy 's University of Udine 's HCI Lab . It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water . The video is based on an actual event when , on January 15 , 2009 , U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water . Following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and the Airbus A320 , piloted by Captain Chesley B. Sullenberger was forced to land in the Hudson River . Incredibly of the 155 on board , only one person was hospitalised ovenight , and the incident became known as ` Miracle on the Hudson . ' With the dramatic background music , this video could well prove to be much more effective than a safety notice and demonstration . The scene begins by the passenger being welcomed onto the plane by the flight attendant , before a gentle walk to locate the seat . The start of the virtual reality programme starts casual enough as the passenger moves to their seat . A large bang is heard on the simulation before the plane starts to rapidly descend . Once seated the film jolts into action when a loud bang is heard , and the plane rocks from side to side . As the plane descends quickly and abruptly , the user is told that the ` goal is to come out unharmed from the aircraft by following safe procedures . ' The first thing to do is inflate the life jacket . What follows is a jog down the cabin and to the emergency exit , where the flight attendant is beckoning you out of the door and onto the evacuation slide . The video pans to the passenger reaching into the overhead lockers for their luggage . But doing this results in putting yourself in immense danger of drowning in the incoming water . There are cries , screams and shouting , just what you would expect from the real thing . A chilling scene then appears telling you to beware of making mistakes - in this instance it is wasting time grabbing luggage . This is shown when , after grabbing the luggage , the passenger is overcome with water - this actually forces the man who has taken the simulation on to remove the headset and puff his cheeks . Speaking to MailOnline Travel , Luca Chittaro , head of the project , said : ` The 'Em ergency Water Landing VR ' demo we have just released for the Oculus Rift was developed in the last year , and is just one of a series of aviation safety education games we are developing for all possible technological platforms , not just the Oculus Rift . ` Airlines are already using video safety briefings on-board some aircrafts and they do not seem to engage passenger 's attention any more than conventional briefings . Of the simulation video , he added : ` It 's a personalized , experiential way of learning , more engaging than passively watching a video or a safety briefing or reading a safety card . ' This user made it as far as the ` what happens if you reach for your baggage ' before the water overpowering him made him remove the headset . And it produces measurable results . ` In the study of our virtual water landing experience , we had one group of people study a traditional airline safety card and another group playing the virtual reality game , ' added Chittaro . ` After one week , people who had studied the safety card suffered a significant loss of knowledge , while passengers who had played the game fully retained the safety knowledge gained . ` Considering that 'Em ergency Water Landing VR ' is the world 's first prototype of an airliner water landing and evacuation experience , we are satisfied with the result . '