A man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death . The 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek , north-west of Brisbane , about 7.30 pm on Monday . Police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . Scroll down for video . A 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek , north-west of Brisbane , about 7.30 pm on Monday . A terrifying scene then unfolded , with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50-year-old man to death . The victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene . It is believed the pair were known to each other . None of the other people at the home were hurt . Police allege the man tried to cause a fire or an explosion by driving the car into the house . Police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . A terrifying scene then unfolded , with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50-year-old man to death . The victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene . It is believed the pair were known to each other . The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder . He was also charged with enter dwelling with intent , contravention of a domestic violence order , driving whilst disqualified , dangerous operation of a motor vehicle and attempted arson . He is due to appear in the Caboolture Magistrates Court on Tuesday . Emergency vehicles swarmed the property at Chappel Road in Delaneys Creek - about 20 kilometres north-west of Caboolture . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .