A woman who urinated in her in-laws ' cups of tea everyday for a year was caught red-handed when her mother-in-law walked into the kitchen and found her squatting over the teapot . Angered that her in-laws had stopped her husband from doing chores around the home , she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year . Rekha Nagvanshi , 30 , had turned on her husband 's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak , 34 , in the district of Indore in central India 's Madhya Pradesh State . Rekha Nagvanshi -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 30 , was caught urinating into the tea she was serving to her in-laws . Claiming she would rather live with her parents , she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly . Her friend , Alia Kohli , 32 , said : ` She was very unhappy with her arranged marriage and said her husband treated her like a slave and eventually she decided she 'd had enough . ` But after moving out , he begged her to go back for the sake of their four-year-old daughter . ` She agreed but only if he cooked for her , massaged her feet and did all the washing up . ' But after moving back in , parents-in-law Suraj , 60 , and her husband Ajith , 55 , found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it . Kohli said : ` He seemed fine with it but they went mental and accused her of treating him like a slave . ` Rekha is strong-minded and likes to be independent and the thought of being dictated to by his parents was just too much for her . ` So I guess that 's when she decided to start doing what she did , and urinating in their tea . ' Her disgusted mother-in-law said : ` We used to go and visit them once or twice a week . Nagvanshi was said to be unhappy that her husband 's parents had stopped their son from doing chores around the home . Here she is pictured with her husband Deepak . ` And although we knew she did n't like us we had no idea she was doing this . She always smiled and offered us tea and we accepted . ` But one day I went into the kitchen and found her urinating into the teapot . ' After going to the police and being told it was not a case for them , the horrified parents-in-law decided to take out a private prosecution . Suraj said : ` You can not urinate into someone 's tea for a year and get away with it . We want justice . ' Rekha and her husband Deepak are now understood to be living apart .