A self-confessed neo-Nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table . The outburst unfolded as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina after being extradited from Florida . He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south . He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday . At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss . Scroll down for video . Kicked out : Kenneth Stancil is removed from a Wayne County courtroom in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Thursday after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother . When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder , Stancil burst into expletives , WNCN reported . ` Yes I know that , ' Stancil snapped back . ` But when I knew what I had to do and I knew I got caught , I knew in my mind that I could get life or I could get the death penalty . I knew that . ' He then repeated his previous claims that he targeted Lane for making sexual advances towards Stancil 's 16-year-old brother . He has said Lane did not touch the boy but intended to . ` You defile my top eight , I will kill you , ' Stancil told the court on Thursday . ` Know what I 'm saying ? If you 're a f *** ing child molester , a f *** ing rapist . ' When Judge Ronald O. Jones told him to stop using that language , he answered : ` I do n't give a f *** what you want ' . Jones ordered him to be removed from the courtroom but Stancil was able to flip over a table before deputies pounced on him and hauled him away . When he returned about 30 minutes later , his demeanor was very different , WNCN noted . He told the judge he would like an attorney and one will be appointed to him on Friday . In court : Stancil , who has multiple neo-Nazi tattoos , made his first appearance in the North Carolina courtroom on Thursday after he was transferred from Florida , where he was arrested on Tuesday . Hauled out : Deputies carried the suspect out and he was much calmer when he returned 30 minutes later . Back home : Stancil is seen emerging from a State Bureau of Investigation plane in North Carolina after being extradited from Florida on Thursday . Stancil is pictured arriving at the Wayne County Courthouse ahead of his violent outburst on Thursday . He was flown by authorities from Florida to North Carolina on Thursday after denying an extradition hearing . Stancil allegedly shot Lane , who worked in the college 's print shop , at 8 am on Monday before fleeing on a motorcycle . When the bike later broke down , he hitchhiked to Daytona Beach where he was picked up for sleeping on the beach , which is in violation of the beach ordinance . In a telephone interview on Wednesday from a Daytona Beach , Florida , jail , Stancil claimed Lane tried to take advantage of his brother , whom he found on Facebook . ` He ai n't physically touched him , but he was in the proposal to try to and I was n't going to let that happen , ' he told WRAL . He added that he has no regrets about the shooting . ` I did what I did , and I 've got to live with it , ' he said . ` If I get life , I just get life . I 'm a murderer , you know , what the hell do I got to care ? I do n't give a damn if I go back to society . ' Stancil , who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols , said he is a neo-Nazi who is looking out for his fellow white people . Gunned down : Stancil , pictured left in his mug shot , allegedly shot his former supervisor , 44-year-old Ron Lane , pictured right , on Monday morning . He said part of the reason was because Lane was gay . Mourning : Students gather at a memorial at Wayne Community College for Ron Lane on Tuesday . ` I do n't believe in race mixing , ' he said . He added that he hated gay people ` with a passion ' - but said that was only one of the reasons he killed Lane , who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before Stancil was fired for absenteeism . Stancil 's mother has previously said that Lane did not molest the teenage boy because they had never met . Lane 's cousin , Steven Smith , told WRAL that Lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone he worked with . There were no criminal complaints filed by Stancil family members with either the Wayne County sheriff or Goldsboro police , Wayne County investigations clerk Ellen Grice said . There were also no workplace complaints filed against Lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , Wayne Community College human resources director Ina Rawlinson said . Police have said officers are investigating the possibility that the incident was a hate crime .