It 's a sight that draws giggles and curious stares from tourists and other first-timers -- an unusual festival where revellers carry gigantic phalluses through the streets of a Japanese city . But for the residents of Kawasaki , who lug erotic shapes of all different sizes , this odd tradition is not a joke . Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction , with participants praying to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . Participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of Kawasaki , Japan during the Shinto Kanamara Matsuri festival . The sight of three large phalluses being paraded through neighbourhoods in the city south of Tokyo draws giggles from tourists . Shinto Kanamara Matsuri , the Festival of the Steel Phallus , started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction . Known as the Festival of the Steel Phallus , it is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine . Festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses , while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages or vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia . Rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which had a massive collection of foreigners , according to Japanese website RocketNews24 . They watched as groups of locals carried three heavy phalluses modelled after a mikoshi portable shrine , which is commonly used in Shinto festivals . Residents of Kawasaki carry phalluses of all different sizes while participating in a tradition that began nearly 40 years ago . Participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . Rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which attracted thousands of spectators from Japan and abroad . Spectators can buy lollies , sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia while watching the unusual parade . The three mikoshi carried through the streets for hours are the Kanamara Boat Mikoshi -LRB- tall and black -RRB- , the Elizabeth Mikoshi -LRB- big and pink -RRB- and the Kanamara Big Mikoshi -LRB- squat and wooden -RRB- , RocketNews24 reported . In addition to the parade there are performances and music , and the festival itself raises money and awareness for HIV research . The festival started nearly 40 years ago , and the Kanayama Shrine was once a popular place for prostitutes to pray for protection from sexually transmitted infections . Today , people visit the shrine to pray for everything from fertility and business prosperity to wedded bliss and good health . In addition to the parade there are performances and music , and the festival itself raises money and awareness for HIV research . The Kanayama Shrine was once a popular place for prostitutes to pray for protection from sexually transmitted infections . Today , people visit the shrine to pray for everything from fertility and business prosperity to wedded bliss and good health . Groups of locals carried three heavy phalluses modelled after a mikoshi portable shrine , which is commonly used in Shinto festivals .