A traumatised mother has been left with a phobia of all things yellow after she was hit by a canary-coloured taxi . Lorraine Cobourn can not even handle bananas following the incident that left her with a broken hip . The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered when the yellow taxi struck her in May last year . She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received - including a terrible fear of anything yellow . Lorraine Cobourn -LRB- pictured -RRB- can not even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi in May last year . Ms Cobourn , of Oakwood , Derby , said : ` It sounds crazy I know , but I ca n't even touch bananas unless they 're wrapped in cellophane - and I only ever buy green ones . ` I ca n't look at yellow number plates either . And If something yellow comes into the corner of my eye when I am watching TV I have to switch channels . ` I also gasp or sigh if I see a yellow taxi when I am out . I 'm terrified of them , and if I saw a yellow taxi on the street I would feel this urge just to drive into it . ' She added : ` Obviously I did n't but it felt like there was something in my brain that needed to be released . ` It 's very difficult but I try to have yellow flowers in my house to try and cure this fear . ' She added : ` It has had an absolutely massive impact on my life . ` The whole incident was incredibly traumatic and I am still coming to terms with it . I can not face returning to the accident site . The mother-of-two was hit by one of Derby 's distinctive yellow Hackney Carriages -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the city centre . The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered . ` You never expect something like this to happen to you . ' She was struck by one of Derby 's distinctive yellow Hackney Carriages in the city centre as she crossed a road ten months ago . She was hit as the cab reversed at speed - before the driver left the scene without helping her . He initially denied any involvement in the incident , but was charged with driving without due care and attention , eventually pleading guilty to the offence on the day of his trial . He was fined £ 400 pounds and given seven penalty points . Speaking about the accident , Ms Cobourn said : ` I looked up and the next thing I knew I was on the road . I could n't feel anything from my waist down , I thought I had broken both my legs . The pain was like nothing I have ever felt before - it was absolutely agonising . ' Chromophobia , also known as chromatophobia or chrematophobia , is a persistent , irrational fear of colours . More severe cases of this phobia can hinder daily activities for some people . People with the phobia may associate a distressing event with a specific colour . The phobia can develop following a trauamatic event involved either one or more colours , while some people become sensitive only to particular shades . Fears of specific colour is called erythrophobia for the fear of red and leukophobia for the fear of white . Although actually clinical phobias to colours are rare , colours can elicit psychological reactions or hormonal responses . Symptoms can vary and may include anxiety , including palpitations , chest discomfort , shortness of breath and tremors . Effective treatment for this phobia involves methods that include systematic desensitization and therapy . She initially had pins put in her hip at the Royal Derby Hospital but later needed a second operation - and a complete replacement . She now has to rely on son Jack , 16 , to help around the house . She has received two interim payments to help pay her mortgage and bills while injury lawyers deal with her claim for compensation . The taxi driver 's insurers have already admitted liability . Ms Cobourn added : ` One of the most difficult aspects to deal with was the fact the driver did not try to help me and also denied the incident . ` I had to brace myself for a criminal trial only for the guilty plea to come at the last minute - when paired with my health problems , it was incredibly hard to cope with . ` The financial support my lawyers have secured has been a huge help and really eased my financial worries while I have been unable to work . ` I 'm now looking to the future and hope that gaining justice regarding the crash will help me to move forward with my life . ' Ian Whittaker , an associate solicitor at legal firm Irwin Mitchell , which is representing Ms Cobourn , said : ` This case is a terrible example of the life-changing consequences that road traffic collisions can have on those involved . ` Not only did Mrs Cobourn need major hip surgery and require adaptations to her home , but she has suffered financial worries due to being unable to work and continues to receive counselling support as she works to come to terms with the psychological effects of the incident . ` We are delighted to have helped her secure interim payments that provide reassurance and financial support at this incredibly difficult time , and also hope to work quickly to help her secure justice regarding her case following the admission of liability from the driver 's insurer . '