Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia - by hitting the exercise bike every morning before her daughter even woke up . The 33-year-old , who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics , welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year . But after finding herself ` surprised ' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy , the Queen 's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape . Scroll down for video . Zara Phillips has told of how she was surprised at how difficult it was to regain her fitness after the birth of her daughter , Mia , one -LRB- pictured left in January and right , last July when Mia was six months old -RRB- . ` What surprised me about having a baby is losing all your fitness and how tough it is to get it back to that level again , ' she said in an interview with The Sunday Time Magazine . Starting her morning at 7 am , Zara has a breakfast of Greek yogurt and honey and tries to get in a stint on the exercise bike at her home , Gatcombe Park , before Mia wakes at 8 am . Her day is then typically spent with the horses kept at her mother , Princess Anne 's stables , before squeezing in another workout . ` Lunch is quick and simple , like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast . I do n't diet but I try to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things . Zara -LRB- pictured competing in the 2012 London Games -RRB- said she is keen to win a place on Team GB in 2016 . The 33-year-old -LRB- pictured with Jessica Ennis-Hill with their medals in 2012 -RRB- is yet to qualify for the forthcoming Olympics . ` In the afternoon I 'll do extra exercise like swimming or cycling . ' Zara helped take home team silver at the 2012 London Olympics and is keen to compete int he 2016 games . The Queen 's granddaughter when she was pregnant in 2013 . ` I hope to be part of the eventing team that goes to the Olympics in Rio , but first I need to qualify . ' A keen eventer , she said she is eager for daughter Mia to spend time around horses as she grows up . ` I expect Mia will grow up with horses all around her , just like her mum did , ' she added . The one-year-old 's father previously revealed the couple had ` three Shetland ponies waiting for her ' . Speaking in an interview in January , Mr Tindall , who has recently taken part in the reality skiing show The Jump , said : ` Eventing children have to be very relaxed . ` You are going to travel around a lot . ' Earlier this year Zara told of how little Mia enjoyed playing with her royal relatives Prince George and her cousins , Savannah and Isla . Speaking to Daily Mail Australia at Magic Millions Race Day in January she said of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge : ` We 've all got small ones now so it 's great fun . ' Prince William and his wife are expecting their second child this week , with palace sources confirming Kate 's due date to be April 25 . Zara and her husband Mike Tindall -LRB- above celebrating a win at the Grand National last week -RRB- live on Gatcombe Park next to her mother , Princess Anne .