A father-of-two with terminal brain cancer has lived out his dream of sharing a special dance with his daughters in lieu of walking them down the aisle at their weddings . Charlie Kwentus , 42 , from Webster Groves , Missouri , was granted his dying wish by the Annie 's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids . The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included . Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows Kwentus dancing with his daughters Maren , aged nine , and Zoe , 13 , before stopping to give a heartfelt speech . Scroll down for video . Unbreakable bond : A father-of-two with terminal brain cancer has lived out his dream of sharing a special dance with his daughters in lieu of walking them down the aisle at their weddings . Caught on camera : Charlie Kwentus , 42 , from Webster Groves , Missouri , was granted his dying wish by the Annie 's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids . ` You girls are the light of my life and you 've proven to me that you 're so strong and wise beyond your years , ' he is heard saying . And offering a piece of advice , he adds : ` If you do get married I 'd like you to choose a person who makes you feel special . ' Kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago . The brain tumors affect the frontal , temporal or parietal lobes and cause seizures in a relatively high percentage of patients . Battling illness : Kwentus - pictured with his wife Courtney Beers and two daughters - was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago . Keeping strong : Kwentus ' wife says she still finds it difficult to comprehend the chain of events . Dressed to impress : ` It 's overwhelming . It 's like pinch me ; I 'm in a dream ... I wo n't be able to walk them down the aisle at their weddings but I will get this , ' a beaming Kwentus said at one point . After years of surgeries and chemotherapy , he recently decided stopped all treatment . ` I just decided ... that it was time to quit . You know , quality versus quantity , ' Kwentus told NBC News . With little time to spare , the doting dad recently went with his daughters and wife , Courtney Beers , on a three-week vacation all over the western U.S. Maren and Zoe both said that it was important for all of the family to be together . Then when they returned , the non-profit Annie 's Hope decided to stage a father-daughter dinner dance for Kwentus at a country club near his home . His daughters were given dresses and treated to salon visits to get their hair and nails done . Ready to dance : Kwentus ' daughters were given dresses and both visited a local salon to get their hair and nails done . Lifetime memories : With little time to spare , the doting dad recently went with his daughters and wife , Courtney Beers , on a three-week vacation all over the western U.S. . The family then rode to their outing in a shiny limo . ` It 's overwhelming . It 's like pinch me ; I 'm in a dream ... I wo n't be able to walk them down the aisle at their weddings but I will get this , ' a beaming Kwentus said at one point . His wife says she still finds it difficult to comprehend the chain of events . ` I can remember exactly where I was sitting , and then just all of a sudden the weight of the world felt on our shoulders , ' Beers said , recalling Kwentus ' original diagnosis . She went on to describe her husband as a ` kind ' and ` patient ' man who had his family 's best interests at heart . It 's not known how long Kwentus has left but each day is an opportunity to build a bank of memories for his daughters ' futures . Doting dad : It 's not known how long Kwentus has left but each day is an opportunity to build a bank of memories for his daughters ' futures .