Andy Murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court , but the British No 1 appeared slightly overwhelmed by the occasion during his wedding rehearsal on Friday . The former Wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday and visited the cathedral to run through the service with friends , family and his fiancee . The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open . They got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year . Andy Murray looked understandably nervous as he arrived for his wedding rehearsal . Murray arrives at Dunblane Cathedral to run through the wedding service ahead of his big day . Fiancee Kim Sears appeared to be in a rush to get the rehearsal out of the way . Murray and Sears leave the cathedral together ahead of their last night of being single . CLICK HERE to see a history of the pair 's relationship through the years . Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman - an appointment that has taken on greater significance since his coach Amelie Mauresmo announced she is pregnant . It is understood that the 27 year-old Scot has known about Mauresmo ' s pregnancy for a number of weeks , but he was anyway planning on linking up with Bjorkman -- the former world singles No 4 and doubles No 1 -- prior to that . As Sportsmail reported as far back as nearly a year ago , the Swede was on Murray 's shortlist to replace Ivan Lendl before he settled on the former Wimbledon women 's champion as part of a groundbreaking move . Murray looked typically stony faced before waiting to get entry into the cathedral -LRB- right -RRB- . The 27-year-old manages to crack a smile as he and Sears move into the cathedral . The pair will be married in Murray 's hometown Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday April 11 . Local businesses were also getting ready to join in the celebrations of their returning hero . Homemade bunting lines the streets of Dunblane ahead of the special ocassion . Even a local hairdressers has its windows decorated with messages of love . Murray has a golden postbox in his hometown after winning gold at the 2012 London Olympics .