The first ever mixed race Miss Japan has lifted the lid on some of the horrific racial abuse she has faced on her way to the top . Ariana Miyamoto says it was often punishing growing up as the only black girl in her class in the port town of Sasebo near Nagasaki , where the US has a naval base and where her African-American father met her Japanese mother . The 20-year-old was born and raised in Japan , speaks fluent Japanese , and was last month chosen to represent her country in the Miss Universe pageant . Scroll down for video . Ariana Miyamoto , 20 , was crowned Miss Japan last month , but has faced horrific racial abuse growing up . Ariana with her father Bryant Stanfield and a step sibling -LRB- left -RRB- . As a youngster -LRB- right -RRB- she grew up in Japan . Some critics of Ariana 's win have complained she is a mixed race ` hafu ' and not Japanese enough . But the beauty queen had to use her first television appearance after her selection to apologetically explain to reporters that while she does n't ` look Japanese ' on the outside , on the inside there are ` many Japanese things about her ' . Many in the country have expressed hostility to Ariana 's title win as they expected the award to go to a ` pure ' Japanese woman and not a ` hafu ' , meaning half Japanese , which has echoes of the discredited term ` half-caste ' . ` Is it okay to choose a hafu to represent Japan ? ' one commenter typically wrote online after Ariana 's win . Speaking about her childhood in an interview with MailOnline Ariana , who goes by her mother 's maiden name , said : ` There was pretty much a spasmodic vomit of racial abuse heaped upon me . ` I was called a n **** r by some of my peers . Some of them threw trash and even a blackboard duster at me . ` I 'm Japanese through and through , but in Japan if you look `` foreign '' you are often not accepted as Japanese . But I am Japanese - 100 percent . ` Skin colour bears no relationship to what a person is . It 's just one of the differences like wearing blue clothes or wearing red clothes . ' ` I have no objections against the word ` hafu ' and I accept myself as being hafu . ` With so little multi-culturalism in Japan the term is somehow understandable , although it has made me wonder who I am at times . ' Ariana has been inspired by American singer Mariah Carey 's struggle to get to the top as a mixed race artist , exemplified in her film Glitter , in which she plays a young singer battling discrimination to make it to the top . Ariana with her mother . She says she is ` Japanese through and through . I am Japanese - 100 percent ' Ariana will represent Japan at Miss Universe having fought her way to the top despite racial prejudice . The beauty queen grew up in Sasebo near Nagasaki but spent two years with her dad in the US as a teenager . From his home in Jacksonville , Arkansas , Ariana 's father Bryant Stanfield , 43 , said his face hurt from non-stop smiling since his daughter scooped the Miss Japan award from a line up of more ` typical ' looking Japanese women earlier this month . But he admits he 's been dismayed by some of the racist comments her win has generated in Japan . ` Just get to know her . Just do n't attack her . She will represent Japan very well , ' he told MailOnline . ` She 's told me all about the bullying and how kids used to treat her ; how they hated her -LRB- wavy -RRB- hair ; threw things at her ; even threw trash at her . ` All pretty despicable stuff . But I always told her , and her Mom said too , ` you got ta be tough ' . ' Divided from the Asian and Russian land masses by fierce currents , many Japanese have long believed in a myth of racial purity , although the islands ' inhabitants are a result of a hodge-podge of different migrations mainly from Korea , China and the south seas . The only ` native Japanese ' are the Caucasian-looking Ainu people , pushed to near-extinction to Japan 's northernmost reaches . Today , those perceived of belonging outside the mythical Japanese race are regularly discriminated against leading to a type of apartheid , particularly when it comes to renting housing . A recent ruling by Japan 's ministry of justice in Kyoto declared that a ` No foreigners allowed ' rule by landlords is not in fact discriminatory , thus cementing some of the institutional and casual racism non-Japanese face in contemporary Japan . The Japanese like to think of their society and culture is unique according to Theodore Bestor , a professor of anthropology and Japanese studies at Harvard University which , in a study , put Korea and Japan at the top of racially homogeneous countries , largely unwilling to accept an influx of foreigners . Miss Japan has said there was ` pretty much a spasmodic vomit of racial abuse heaped upon me ' growing up . Ariana with her Japanese mother and a male friend . She claims she was called a ` n **** r ' by her peers . The Miss Universe hopeful with a step sibling . Her father says she is ` proud of both ' her heritages . ` One of the ways in which Japanese think of their own society as ` unique ' is to emphasise the homogeneity of Japanese society and indeed by lots of comparisons , Japan is certainly a much more homogeneous society than say the United States , ' Bestor told Columbia University 's Asian Topics . ` And , it 's often said by Japanese that they are ethnically homogeneous , that there are no real foreign populations in Japan . ' The election of a mixed race Japan is a first for one of the world 's most ethnically homogeneous states . The election of a black Miss Japan might be a step away from that misconception and Mr Stanfield agrees that the choice of his daughter represents some kind of progression in Japan . Conversely , he feels his dark-skinned daughter would fair better in today 's America despite some recent headlines created by racial strife in Ferguson . ` It 's different in America . Her being what and who she is ; there is not a second thought , ' he said . In reaction to the racist carping on Japan 's social networks since her crowning , he believes some of the received wisdom about ` Japaneseness ' might be at fault . ` Some people , for a lack of a better word , some people are ignorant . I 'm not saying that the whole of Japan is ignorant but there some people who just do n't know , ' he said , adding that in his three years in Japan he personally had never experienced any racism . It was an encouraging sign that the Japanese judges picked a mixed race Miss Japan , he agreed , showing the progressive aspects of a country that still has the death penalty and where one tourism minister described his own ` one-race ' countrymen as ` not keen ' on immigration or foreigners . In contrast , Mr Stanfield said , in terms of race relations the US is a much more rosy place than it once was . ` Things are changing here , ' he said , and agreed that the spread of more liberal attitudes towards gay marriage was just one example of how American is more enlightened and ` changing for the better . ' ` Its not a rapid change but slowly but surely it 's coming around . ' ` I have to say what my daughter went through in Japan she would not have experienced in the US . There are always some people here who do n't like you because of the way you look or because you are different so I 'm proud of her sticking it out in japan and doing what she did - becoming Miss Japan . ' As a young man , Miss Japan 's father 's life reads like that of the American lead in Madame Butterfly , where a handsome naval officer falls in love with a Japanese geisha before finally leaving Japan and his Japanese bride and their daughter behind . He met Ariana 's Japanese mother while on duty in the US navy at Nagasaki in the 90s . ` We moved stateside for a little while but her mother actually wanted Ariana to be born in Japan , ' he said . Ariana 's father Bryant Stanfield , 43 , says people in Japen will ` never be as proud of her as I am ' ` After that my duties meant I could n't be in Japan for any length of time and slowly her mother and I drifted apart . There 's no bad history . Her mother and I just went our separate ways . ' Not until Ariana was a teenager did she renew her bond with her father . After Mr Stanfield remarried and had three more children , they were joined by Ariana more permanently three years ago when Ariana stayed in Arkansas for two years to learn English and attend US high school . English is not widely spoken in Japan despite Herculean education efforts to teach it . After returning from the US , Ariana started a career in modelling in Japan . It is a pastime often considered too ` showbiz ' by a traditionally-minded country , and one where beautiful half-Japanese ` hafu ' offspring dominate . Ariana 's father is in little doubt she is proud of both heritages . ` She 's fully aware of who she is and she 's fully aware of where she comes from . ` She 's aware of both sides - the black side and the Japanese side , ' he said . ` She just wants everyone to get along and accept one another for what they are not because of the colour of their skin , but for who they are as a person . ` Please tell Japan to just accept her , and just be be proud of her . Though I know they will never be as proud of her as I am . '