Ask Manny Pacquiao why he believes boxing to be the greatest sport of all and there is no mention of the $ 120 million or more he will be paid for going toe-to-toe with Floyd Mayweather in the most lucrative fist fight in history . Rather , his mind goes back to when the PacMan was the PacKid , a 12-year-old urchin in the mud of the Philippines whose mother was eking out the food for the family . ` Somebody told me and my friends some fights were being put on in the town , ' he recalls . ` I did not know what boxing was but they said they you got a prize whatever the result . Two hundred pesos -LRB- two dollars -RRB- to win , a hundred to lose . ' Manny Pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in Los Angeles on Wednesday . Pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the gathered crowd at the Wild Card gym . Pacquiao addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming May 2 fight with Floyd Mayweather . Pacquaio opened up about his motivation , his belief in God and journey to the top in boxing . Pacquaio works out in the ring in front of the world 's media . Pacquiao does some pad work with trainer Freddie Roach . Pacquiao held an open training session at the Wild Card gym in Hollywood . The Filipino star works on his body shots with Roach . ` So we went and I won . I took the two dollars home and gave them to my mother so she could put more food on the table . But when she asked where I got the money I did n't tell her it was for fighting . ` We went back every Sunday and I kept winning the two dollars . Then my uncle came with a stack of videos and I watched Ali and Foreman and Holyfield and so many others . ' And so it began . ` Boxing is the best sport because it teaches you about life , ' he says . ` It taught me you will receive if you give back . ' It is a lesson he wants to pass on to Mayweather . ` When this fight is finished I would like us to sit down quietly together to talk , ' says Pacquiao . ` I want to speak to him about the Gospel of the Lord and how everything we get is a gift from God . How we are the stewards of this blessing and should use it for good . ' Pacquiao and his trainer Freddie Roach -LRB- right -RRB- do some padwork as the media gather to watch . Pacquiao showed off his impressive speed - which he will hope will trouble Mayweather . Pacquiao looked calm and content as he went through his stretching and warm-up routine . Pacquiao and Roach take a break from the workout as they prepare for the biggest fight of their lives . Twenty-four hours earlier the equivalent story told by Mayweather was of how he told those close to him that he would become the first boxer to earn more than a hundred million bucks in a night . And since he is reputed to spend his fortunes on fast cars , fast living and fast women , this may seem an unlikely post-fight reunion . But the PacMan smooths the way to the Money Man by saying : ` Floyd deserves his money because he 's earned it . He has the right to use it his way . But I would like to tell him how good it feels to help people who need it , like giving them plots of land and the houses they build on them . ' Pacquiao 's generosity to his impoverished countrymen is as legendary as Mayweather 's excesses , although it should be stressed that Floyd Jnr is a charitable benefactor himself . But there is a difference , also , in their view of their craft . Mayweather admits that he has fallen out of love with boxing and regards it now as a business . Pacquiao says : ` Boxing is still my passion . I do it to please the fans , to give them excitement in return for their support . Not for the money . I am not a materialist . Pacquiao started to warm-up in front of the gathered crowd after first speaking to the media -LRB- right -RRB- . Pacquiao opened up about his journey from fighting in the Philippines to the richest boxing bout in history . Pacquiao says he wants to entertain the fans and has warned Mayweather that his killer instinct is back . ` Now we have one of the biggest fights in history . But it 's not about how much we will be paid . Whether it 's two dollars or a hundred million dollars - it 's what you do with it . ' Mayweather suspects that Pacquiao ' sl determination to give the fans their money 's worth -- especially when they will be forking out huge amounts in Las Vegas on May to watch their Fight of the Century -- may be his downfall . He describes Pacquiao as a reckless fighter , citing his shocking KO by Juan Manuel Marquez as proof . The PacMan responds : ` We would be nothing without the fans and this fight would not be so big . So we should entertain them . Yes , sometimes there is a price to pay , but it is worth it . ' There is method to what Mayweather regards as madness . Floyd Jnr morphed into Mr Money by virtue of one of the most clever defences ever erected in the prize-ring . PacMan says : ` Boxing is about punching . ' Pacquiao 's trainer Roach was also much sought after at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles . Roach had concerns that Pacquiao led too busy a lifestyle and it was previously affecting his performances . He would like to draw his rival as the best pound-for-pound boxer into an open fight : ` If he comes to try to knock me out it would be good for me . We 'll see . ` But whatever happens it should be a better fight than five years ago , when everyone says it should have happened . We are fully developed as fighters and the world is watching now . ' Mayweather keeps insisting it is ` just another fight . ' Pacquiao says : ` I 'm excited . I love it . No , this fight will not define my career . That is done by all my accomplishments in becoming the only eight-division world champion . But winning this will be a big additional achievement for my legacy , ' He did bridle when Mayweather 's Money Team insinuated that he had risen through the weights with the help of chemical substances , which was why he challenged his opponent that if one of them tested positive for drugs that man should pay the other $ 5 million . It was an offer Mayweather refused . Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum talks to the media ahead of the fight with Mayweather in May . But perhaps , naturally charming though he is and endlessly obliging to all and sundry , a little of that resentment is driving him on . His trainer Freddie Roach had been concerned that in rediscovering God and purifying his life-style he may have lost some of his bite -- and hence the drop in knock-out ratio . Pacquiao says ; ` My determination to win has never been higher than for this fight . My killer instinct is back . ' At this very moment his pet Jack Russell terrier , also called PacMan and who accompanies him everywhere including the gym , barks . Loudly enough to be heard above the frenzied clamour of his master 's media day at Roach 's iconic Wild Card gym in West Hollywood . Pacquiao grins : ` It 's nothing personal with Mayweather . We are just fighting for many things . ' Floyd Mayweather hit the pads with uncle Roger during a media workout at his Las Vegas gym on Tuesday . Mayweather revealed he is no longer enjoying his boxing and sees the sport more as a business now . Mayweather works to the body with co-trainer Nate Jones in front of a huge crowd at his gym . There is no re-match clause in the contract and Mayweather has expressed no appetite for there to be a second fight . But for Pacquiao one good reason would be for him to even up split of the gigantic purse . ` I am not happy to have conceded 60-40 per cent to Floyd , ' he says . ` Negotiating would be easier for the re-match . To make this happen we had to give him everything he wanted . If there is a next time it would be a different deal . ` Not for me . For my people . I can not see anyone going hungry and not help them . ' Once again , his mind is taking him back 24 years to the Philippines and those two-dollar fights .