Vowing to cling on : Liberal Democrats leader Nick Clegg makes a speech during a General Election campaign visit to Sutton in south London yesterday . Nick Clegg yesterday vowed to cling on as Liberal Democrat leader even if the party is wiped out at the polls . Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs , while sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election . But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances ' . He told Sky News : ` I 'm really optimistic about the prospects of Liberal Democrats . ` Of course I want to continue to serve the country and serve my party , which I am so proud to have served for seven or eight years now . ' He added : ` I want to lead the Liberal Democrats into and through the next Parliament in all circumstances . ` All I am focused on at the moment is sounding the alarm about the very , very real risk that as the Labour Party and Conservative Party vacate the centre ground and hare off in which direction after another , there is a very real risk we undo all the sacrifices and hard work that have gone in over the last five years to put the country back on track economically . ' Meet and greet : Mr Clegg -LRB- far right -RRB- speaks to voters and their families during a General Election campaign visit to Sutton with Paul Burstow -LRB- second right -RRB- the party 's candidate for Sutton and Cheam . His comments came as Business Secretary Vince Cable said he hoped to be made Chancellor if the Lib Dems form another coalition with the Conservatives . Mr Clegg also appeared to lean towards another deal with the Tories , saying he deserved ` credit ' for forming the Coalition while he had endured ` five years of constant bile from the Labour Party , who condemned us vitriolically for taking decisions which we only had to take because we had to clear up the mess they left behind ' .