From top to third to second to top to second again . What a perfect game to represent such an absurd season . Bournemouth were out of it . Then they were in it . Then it all went bonkers and Eddie Howe was caught between feelings of regret and unhappiness with Paul Tierney , the referee . The stripped-down fact is that it finished 2-2 . The glorious detail is that Bournemouth trailed to a Kieran Lee sucker punch , levelled through Yann Kermorgant and then had a man sent off . A problem ? Not really . Chris Maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court . Maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the Owls held Bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . BOURNEMOUTH : Boruc , Francis , Elphick , Cook , -LRB- Jones 64 -RRB- , Daniels , Ritchie , Arter , Surman , Pugh -LRB- Smith 57 -RRB- , Kermorgant -LRB- Ward 81 -RRB- , Wilson . Subs not used : Camp , Gosling , Pitman , Fraser . Booked : Cook . Red card : Francis . SHEFFIELD WEDNESDAY : Kirkland , Buxton , Lees , Zayatte -LRB- Vermijl 45 -RRB- , Helan Hutchinson -LRB- Maghoma 15 -RRB- , Melo Silva , Maguire , Lee , Isgrove -LRB- Nuhiu 63 -RRB- , Lavery . Subs not used : Westwood , May , McCabe , Bus . Booked : Buxton , Helan , Isgrove . Referee : Paul Tierney . Attendance : 11,280 . Matt Ritchie scored the kind of goal that belongs in the Premier League to put them in front . Job done ? Not nearly . Chris Maguire scored a penalty for Wednesday deep into stoppage time and three point became one ; a big step towards the top flight became a stumble . Howe was left ` heartbroken ' , but also frustrated , not least because he felt Callum Wilson deserved a penalty in the second half when he appeared to be fouled by Lewis Buxton . Bournemouth have had 15 penalties this season and Howe suggested that might be counting against them , saying in a radio interview : ` It looked like the referees have come together and talked about Callum Wilson and said do n't give him any penalties because Bournemouth have had too many this season and we don ' t want them to have any more . ' His broader disappointment was also clear , having blown a major opportunity to keep top spot in a thrilling division . He said : ` It really is tough to take . That is why we love the game -- the drama and twists and turns . ` The pain and frustration we need to transfer into motivation . This is our most successful season but we have had low moments . We have only two games and our objective is clear . We have to use this as motivation to move forward now . We have to respond . ' Lee had put Wednesday in front with a 36th-minute header before Kermorgant levelled midway through the second half . A draw at that stage might have seemed fair but Simon Francis was sent off for two yellow cards and Bournemouth were back on the ropes . Cue bedlam . Ritchie launched a shot into the top corner after Andrew Surman laid off a free-kick but Maguire added to the madness in stoppage time . Wednesday manager Stuart Grey could n't help but chuckle . He said : ` It took six and a half hours to get down here but we got on with it . If we left without anything it would have been disappointing . ' Kieran Lee -LRB- second right -RRB- celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead . Yann Kermorgant -LRB- second left equalises for the Cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining . Bournemouth 's Simon Francis is dismissed by referee Paul Tierney in the 78th minute . Matt Ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time .