Manchester United have been bolstered by the news that Robin van Persie has declared himself fit ahead of Sunday 's derby against Manchester City . Van Persie has missed Manchester United 's last six games following an ankle injury he suffered in their 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21 . In his absence the Red Devils have won all five of their subsequent Premier League matches , with their only blip coming in a FA Cup sixth round exit at home to Arsenal last month . Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for the Manchester derby after missing United 's last six games . The 31-year-old arrived for United training on Friday ahead of Sunday 's home clash at Old Trafford . Prior to his injury , Van Persie -LRB- left -RRB- was a regular in United boss Louis van Gaal 's starting line-up . In his absence though United have won their last five league matches , climbing up to third in the table . With the return of the 31-year-old it poses the question of where he will fit in Louis van Gaal 's now settled 4-3-3 formation and how does he fare against fellow forwards Wayne Rooney , Radamel Falcao and James Wilson . Based on his goalscoring stats in the Premier League this season , Van Persie has provided an attacking threat once more for the Old Trafford outfit . The Holland international has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes of top flight football so far . Only Rooney has fared better - netting 12 times in 27 games and 2,383 minutes of action . In comparison Falcao 's stats make for a poor reading of four goals in 20 games and 1,032 minutes with young forward Wilson 's strike against QPR in January his only one to date this season in 12 matches and 331 minutes of football . Van Persie -LRB- third left -RRB- has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances and 1,993 minutes so far this season . Wayne Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- scored a stunning half-volley as United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on March 4 . That strike -LRB- left -RRB- moved the United captain to two goals clear of Van Persie . In addition Van Persie 's overall attacking contribution wo n't have been overlooked by Van Gaal - a man who pays attention to the smallest of details . Van Persie 's stats are also favourable in comparison to his fellow strikers in terms of creating chances for others . While he sits sits behind Rooney and Falcao -LRB- both four -RRB- in terms of assists with two , United 's No 20 has provided the second most amount of chances among Van Gaal 's forwards with 24 . Only Rooney has more with 40 , while Falcao has 14 and Wilson providing just the one opportunity . Despite his favourable personal stats though , as a team United have performed better without Van Persie . In his 24 matches played this season , the Red Devils have only won 50 per cent of those - with eight draws and four defeats . Radamel Falcao has scored four goals in 20 games and 1,032 minutes of action for the club this season . James Wilson -LRB- right -RRB- only goal for the Red Devils this campaign came in a 2-0 win at QPR in January . Furthermore United have only averaged 1.8 points per game with the side scoring 1.7 goals per match and conceding one . In contrast , Van Gaal 's side have been triumphant in six of their seven matches without Van Persie with an improved win percentage at 85.70 . In his absence to United have averaged 2.6 points per game , scoring two goals and conceding 0.6 per match . Van Gaal has been reluctant to change the starting XI that has fashioned wins against Tottenham , Liverpool and Aston Villa in their last three matches - meaning club record signing Angel Di Maria has been forced to sit on the bench . On current form , the phrase ` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , ' is an applicable one to the Red Devils ' starting XI as they look to cement a top four finish . For Van Persie , that looks likes playing second fiddle to Rooney as the club 's lone striker for now . Angel Di Maria -LRB- left -RRB- has had to be content with a place on the United bench in recent matches .