Disgraced NBC anchor Brian Williams has threatened to make his departure from the channel ` really ugly ' , it has been reported . The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down ` without a fight ' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News , according to a source close to the network . It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams 's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . Disgraced NBC anchor Brian Williams -LRB- pictured -RRB- has threatened to make his departure from the channel ` really ugly ' , it has been reported . He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq . A source said to be close to NBC has told The New York Post how Williams ` is saying he 's not going down without a fight and -LRB- is -RRB- threatening to make it really ugly ' . Williams is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of the Nightly News . He was replaced by Lester Holt , who has kept ratings relatively steady . It is unclear whether NBC will put Williams back in the top slot when the suspension ends . Iraq shame : Williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a US military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade . Yesterday it was reported that NBC News chief Andrew Lack wanted Williams to resume his role . But this contradicted earlier claims that NBC executives wanted Williams out and were trying to negotiate his resignation . A source told the New York Daily News ` Andy -LRB- Lack -RRB- believes viewers want him -LRB- Williams -RRB- back . ` The feeling is that -LRB- Williams ' -RRB- problem seems to be more with the media and other reporters than his viewers - if Andy can figure out a way to get him back on the air he will do it . ' The source added that Lack ` will not make a decision about Williams ' fate until the network 's internal probe is complete . ' On Tuesday , a report emerged in the Hollywood Reporter that Lack was in fact not convinced that Williams would be able to return . Williams has reportedly been banned from speaking publicly about the investigation , or defending himself against any new claims . He is reported to have signed a deal with the network last year to continue at the network thought to be worth $ 10million a year . According to the New York Post , NBC News has yet to make any decision 's about the newsman 's future .