Tragic : An inquest heard Shaun Worthington died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic . A night-shift worker was killed instantly in a horror crash seconds after sending a text whilst driving home from a speed awareness course , an inquest has heard . Driver Shaun Worthington 's car was filmed on a truck 's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04 pm - the same time the fatal text was sent . The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe , near Bridlington , East Yorkshire , on November 19 last year . His mother Jane Allen said : ` No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son . ` Shaun was such a bright man and very popular with a lot of people . ` If someone somewhere reads this and it makes them stop using their phone while driving , then at least that is something . ' An inquest at Hull Coroner 's Court held into Mr Worthington 's death heard how he had completed a 12-hour night shift at Cranswick Pet Products in Driffield , before driving to York to complete a speed awareness course on the morning of November 19 . He was on his way home to the house he shared with his sister Andrea Ward and her family in Bridlington when the crash happened . Mr Worthington 's mobile phone records showed he had sent a text message at 1.04 pm that afternoon , the same time the crash happened . Collision investigator officer Alfred Place said a forward-facing camera on the truck captured Mr Worthington 's car drifting into the centre of the road before veering into the westbound carriageway into the path of the oncoming vehicle . The camera also captured the time of the crash as 1.04 pm . Truck driver Mark Harness told police at the scene he had tried to swerve to avoid Mr Worthington but nothing could be done . Mr Worthington 's family told the inquest how Mr Worthington had recently bought a new phone which did not fit into his previous mobile phone holder and that normally he would use his hands free device . Plea : Mr Worthington 's mother , Jean Allen -LRB- pictured -RRB- , appealed to other motorists not to use their mobile phones when driving after it was found her son had sent a text message seconds before his car crashed . The stretch of the A614 where Mr Worthington was killed between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe , East Yorkshire , on November 19 last year . He had been driving home from a speed awareness course . Mrs Allen said : ` If people know that someone is driving they should not ring or text them , just wait until they have got to where they need to be safely ' Mrs Allen said : ` Shaun paid the ultimate price . He was not a reckless driver , he was n't on drugs or drinking . ` If people know that someone is driving they should not ring or text them , just wait until they have got to where they need to be safely . ' Returning a verdict of accidental death , coroner Paul Marks reiterated Mrs Allen 's call for people not to use their phones while driving . He said : ` I would like to make a point to the public . ` All vehicle drivers should use hands-free communication accessories . ` When driving , motorists should not read or compose texts . They need to pull up if they want to send a text . ' Mr Worthington was born in Hull and attended Lambwath Junior High School and Malet Lambert School , in east Hull , before moving to Bridlington with his family when he was 13 . He went on to study at East Riding College , where he qualified as a chef . When he was 18 , he moved to Spain with Mrs Allen and his stepfather John to help run the family business , a bar called Goodfellas in Magaluf . He spent about a year in the Spanish resort before returning to Bridlington . His family said they would like to thank everyone for their messages of support following his death . They also thanked police and family liaison officers for their support . Mrs Allen said : ` I could not have asked for a better son . ` I am going to miss him so much , but he will be forever with me in my heart . ` We are devastated by what has happened . It has blown our world apart . '