A Sudanese refugee has appeared in court after he was charged with groping the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a rap concert in Sydney . Mohamed Hamdin , 24 , appeared at Downing Centre Court for his indecent assault hearing on Tuesday as details of the alleged incident emerged . New South Wales police say Hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ ign at Enmore Theatre , in Sydney 's inner-west , on Australia Day this year . Mohamed Hamdin -LRB- left and right -RRB- appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault . NSW police say Hamdin and the girl had been kissing and dancing at the Enmore Theatre on Australia Day . In court documents seen by The Daily Telegraph , he and the teenager were dancing and kissing before she tried to move away from him . The 24-year-old prevented her from leaving by grabbing on her jeans , despite her protests to let her go . He then allegedly proceeded to put his hand on her vagina through her pants , and rubbed and touched her for a five-minute duration , according to documents . The incident escalated when Hamdin unzipped her jeans and started to take them off . It was then the girl was successful in getting away from him . Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court . Charges were laid against Hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the Australia Day rap concert , which resulted in several people being assaulted . Police stand outside the Enmore Theatre in Sydney on January 26 , where riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting in line for the sold-out rap concert . Several arrests were made , including Mohamed Hamdin , 24 , who allegedly grabbed a teenage girl 's vagina . Paramedics attend the scene where several people sustained injuries after a brawl broke out during the concert . Riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting in line for the sold-out concert of YG and Ty Dolla $ ign . Hamdin was arrested and taken to Newtown Police Station . He was granted bail on strict conditions , including that he not leave his home at night without being accompanied by at least one of his parents , in his January court appearance . Hamdin was also required to report daily to police . Californian rappers YG -LRB- left -RRB- and Ty Dolla $ ign -LRB- right -RRB- have a reputation for violence at their concerts and alleged gang affiliations . Californian rapper YG has been are gaining popularity in America along with a reputation for violence at their concerts and alleged gang affiliations . In 2013 , YG 's single ` My N **** ' peaked at number 19 on the US Billboard hottest 100 . In 2012 , YG had a music video shoot for his song ` I 'm A Thug ' shut down by police after reports of shots were fired . A crowd at the 400 block of W. Spruce St in Compton was cleared from the scene after police closed off the area . He also had members of the Crips gang arrive at his concert and start a brawl in November 2011 . YG is allegedly a member of rival group the Bloods . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .