Abraham Lincoln and George Washington were gay , says a new book by a gay activist and award winning writer . Larry Kramer , 79 , says he believes what 's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles . In Volume One of his two part book ` The American People , ' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln 's spurned gay lover . ` We know that Abraham Lincoln was gay , ' Kramer told CBS in an interview about the book which came out this month . Were they gay ? : Writer and gay activist Larry Kramer claims that Abraham Lincoln -LRB- left -RRB- and George Washington -LRB- right -RRB- were gay . The American People : Volume one of the two part book by Larry Kramer explores prehistoric America 's unwritten gay history up to the present day . Abraham Lincoln . According to Larry Kramer , Abraham Lincoln slept with several men including actor John Wilkes Booth who later fatally shot him in a theater on April 14 , 1965 . Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth 's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president . Another indicator that Lincoln was gay is that he would share beds with other men , especially when his wife Mary left town . One such man was Captain David Derickson who would visit Lincoln at a retreat from the White House called the Soldier 's Home . Lincoln has been quoted as saying of Derickson , ` The captain and I are getting quite thick . ' George Washington . Larry Kramer says that historians just do n't have ` gaydar ' when it comes to studying historic figures and that George was was ` basically a big queen . ' Larry Kramer said in an interview with Sirius that George Washington loved decorating battle gear and that he was a bit of a dandy in his love of showmanship . ` In the case of Washington , he was a big queen , basically , ' Kramer said . ` He decorated everything . He designed all the uniforms , the buttons . The correspondence exists with all the dealers he dealt with in England to make everything . And then there was a man called Baron Von Steuben , who was German , who designed all the maneuvers for all the troops of all the great armies in Europe . And he kept getting thrown out after he made the armies real -- like Rockettes . He got kicked out and he came to George . And he and George hit it off like nobody 's business . ' Alexander Hamilton . According to Kramer , Alexander Hamilton was in love with George Washington claims the pair had an erotic father and son attraction . Alexander Hamilton was also supposedly involved with a young officer named John Laurens to whom he wrote ` love letters . ' ` You should not have taken advantage of my sensibility to steal into my affections without my consent . But as you have done it , and as we are generally indulgent to those we love , I shall not scruple to pardon the fraud you have committed , on condition that for my sake , if not for your own , you will always continue to merit the partiality , which you have artfully instilled into me , ' said one of those letters to Laurens . In another letter to Laurens , Hamilton calls himself , ` a jealous lover . ' Men of Jamestown . Even though sodomy was considered taboo at the time , Larry Kramer says that a lack of women in Jamestown led many men to experiment with one another in their absence . ` It 's only natural that men would sleep with each other , when there are no women around for months on end , ' said Larry Kramer of the initially all male settlement . ` Why is that not in the history books ? Because all history books are written by straight people , and they do n't wan na either admit that , or they would n't know how to recognize what we call ` gaydar . ' According to Kramer , Jamestown was a mecca of gay sex where men chose to sleep with men because there were n't any women around . ` It 's only natural that men would sleep with each other , when there are no women around for months on end , ' said Kramer . Kramer says it took him 40 years to write his 800 page history book that spans from pre-historic america all the way to the 1950s . ` It 's called a ` novel , ' but that 's just to keep the lawyers away from me , ' Kramer said . ` I believe everything in the book is true . Everything in there happened , ' said Kramer who has long wanted to write a book on gay history . Spurned lover : Larry Kramer claims John Wilkes Booth , who murdered Abraham Lincoln , was one of Lincoln 's spurned male lovers . The writer : Larry Kramer , 79 , is an HIV positive American writer and gay rights advocate who spent 40 years writing his most recent book . ` It may look like fiction , but to me , it 's not , ' Kramer told the New York Times . ` Most histories have been written by straight people . There has never been any history book written where the gay people have been in the history from the beginning.It 's ridiculous to think we have n't been here for ever . ' Kramer says that John Wilkes Booth 's murder had nothing to do about the outcome of the Civil war , rather Bookes felt spurned by the president . Kramer 's book does n't only touch on the gay history of politicians but it also talks about the about the HIV crisis in the nation which will be the book 's second volume . Kramer , who is HIV positive , said that 35 years is too long for a plague like HIV to still be in existence . ` You 'll hear all about the plague of AIDS in the second volume , and a lot about Ronald Reagan , ' Kramer said . ` It 's not a nice story , but it 's one that needs to be told . If I 've been kept alive for any reason , it was to tell this story . '