Terrified : Miriam , 11 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Ayesha , nine -LRB- right -RRB- , are currently living in fear in their basement . A terrified British family who are stuck in a basement in war-torn Yemen have launched a desperate appeal to be evacuated to the UK . Louise Henderson Alakil , 49 , moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , Miriam , 11 , and Ayesha , nine , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them . Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country , but Mrs Henderson and her children 's passports have expired and the UK authorities in Yemen are closed . They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return , and are terrified of dodging fighting to get to the UK embassy in Sudan for emergency documents . It comes after Houthi militias , aligned with Iran , began taking control of territory in Yemen , including the country 's capital in September . In response , a Saudi Arabia-led coalition started launching airstrikes in late March . More than 1,000 people have been killed in the fighting in the past month , prompting thousands to flee their homes and hospitals and schools have been hit by shelling . The Foreign and Commonwealth Office has suspended embassy operations in the region and urged British nationals to leave by commercial means . Mrs Henderson , a mother-of-six formerly of Linlithgow , West Lothian , has now launched an urgent plea for assistance to get out of the warzone and back to the UK . Speaking from the UK , Mrs Henderson 's sister , Heather , 51 , said : ` We are trying to get them out of the country . It 's an absolute mess . It 's just a shambles . ` We are at our wits end trying to get my sister and her two young girls to a place of safety . ` They could have got a flight just after the bombing campaign started but the flights which managed to leave were forced to run the gauntlet of surface-to-air missiles . ' . Trapped : Louise Henderson Alakil , 49 , moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . Warzone : An armed militiaman loyal to Yemen 's fugitive President Abderabbo Mansour Hadi holds his position during clashes with Houthi rebels in the port city of Aden this morning . Mrs Henderson father , Bill , a 77-year-old painter , said : ` We are concerned for their safety ... During the bombing they were forced to run into the basement and hide under the snooker table . ` I know the kids are very frightened . It makes us feel dreadful . The big problem at the moment is the uncertainty , ' he added . ` There is a shortage of basic things like water and gas for cooking and even food supplies . The money is another big problem , because all the banks are shut , he went on to say . Mr Henderson said he and his family are worried and hoping for the best , but currently do not know what the outcome is going to be . ` It 's been stressful to say the least . We 've been working very hard to help out in any way we can ... We do n't know what the Saudis are going to do . They could bomb Sana'a tonight , ' he said . ` Our talks with the authorities have been unsatisfactory and we 've tried everything and nobody seems particularly interested . ' Dangerous place : Houthi militias , aligned with Iran , began taking control of territory in Yemen in September . Frontline : More than 1,000 people have been killed in the fighting over the past month , prompting thousands to flee their homes as hospitals and schools are hit by shelling . Mrs Henderson has been living in the country for the past 27 years after marrying husband Wahab , an engineer who is in his mid-50s . He is sheltering with her . She worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital city of Sana'a until the troubles forced the facility to close over safety fears . The family are facing a number of problems in their fight to leave the country , as Louise and her children 's passports have expired and the UK authorities are closed . Documents have now been posted to the UK for renewal which could take three weeks . And it is not clear whether they would receive them if they were posted back . Mrs Henderson and her daughters are now considering making their way to the UK embassy in Khartoum , Sudan , where they could get emergency documents . But getting there is dangerous as planes have been forced to run the gauntlet of surface-to-air missiles . Clashes : The International Organization for Migration took the decision to temporarily suspend its evacuation from Yemen , due to difficulties faced in operating flights out of the city . Battleground : Armed militiamen loyal to Yemen 's fugitive President Abderabbo Mansour Hadi duck from sniper-fire as they run during clashes with Houthi rebels in the port city of Aden this morning . Mr Henderson added : ` Getting out of Yemen is dangerous because they are firing at the planes on their way out . And the last thing we want is for them to get out and become stuck in another country ... The FCO in London have been completely useless . ' The International Organization for Migration took the decision to temporarily suspend its evacuation of third country nationals from Yemen , due to difficulties faced in operating flights out of the city . And despite requests made to facilitate such movements , IOM continues to experience challenges in getting people out of Yemen . The FCO could help if Louise and her children managed to get to a British emabassy or consulate where they could be supplied with emergency documents . A spokesman for the FCO said : ` Our Embassy 's operations have been temporarily suspended . Our longstanding and consistent message to British Nationals has been to leave the country . ` British Nationals who remain in Yemen should leave immediately by commercial means . The British government will not be able to evacuate British nationals who remain in Yemen against this advice . '