Just days after Bruce Jenner 's powerful interview with Diane Sawyer , another transgender person is making a monumental television appearance . Starting in May , Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful . It will mark the television acting debut of Schofield , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues . Scroll down for video . Major moment : Scott Turner Schofield -LRB- left , with Thorsten Kaye -RRB- has landed a role on the popular soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful . Major figure : Schofield -LRB- left , right in high school -RRB- is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues . The New York Daily News reports that Schofield will be playing Nick , a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant , played by Karla Mosley . Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show . ` I 'm Maya 's best friend and I come from her world when she first landed in Los Angeles before she became the huge success that she is , ' said Schofield . ` We met in the trans community together . I 'm her friend that comes in and kind of help remind her that she is beautiful and whole and authentic exactly as she is . ' Schofield , then added that much of the storyline will have to do with the discrimination members of the community face , and for that reason the role seemed in many ways as if he were playing himself . Major storyline : Schofield will be playing Nick -LRB- left -RRB- , a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant , played by Karla Mosley -LRB- right -RRB- . CBS apparently reached out to a handful of transgender actors and personalities for the role , and Schofield said that one person in the running was Candis Cayne , the actress known for her roles on shows such as Dirty Sexy Money and Elementary . Schofield also reassured any concerned individuals that the show was making this a positive portrayal of a transgender person , and the struggles they face . ` It 's going in the direction that transgender people can be happy about , ' he said . ` And not only transgender people , but everyone who knows and loves a transgender person . ' Schofield , who is based in Atlanta , Georgia , makes his first appearance on the show May 8 .