Sidonie , a well known band from Catalonia , created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain . The group , who posted the performance video to Facebook and Youtube , explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a ` lack of respect shown by Ryanair flight attendants . ' In the video , the band 's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board - despite Ryanair 's scathing review of the sarcastic ditty . A well-known Spanish band from Catalonia , called Sidonie , sang an impromptu song aboard a Ryanair flight . While en route to Santiago , the band grew impatient with the alleged ` lack of respect ' from flight attendants . Although sung in their native tongue , the lyrics read : ` Ryanair , how we like Ryanair , and its flight attendants , they could not be nicer ' . Clearly meant to be ironic , some passengers even join in and sing or clap along as the band repeats the chorus during their impromptu performance . Explaining the motivation behind their hilarious video , the band wrote online : ` After receiving , repeatedly , the habitual lack of respect shown by flight attendants on the Ryanair route to Santiago , we were moved to compose and perform a song dedicated to them and their irritable airline . ' Ryanair , however , was n't as impressed with the band 's performance . Robin Kiely , a spokesperson for the airline told MailOnline Travel : ` Sidonie ? More like sit down mate . ` The lyrics are average , the vocals out of tune , the ukulele playing leaves a lot to be desired and there is n't one trumpet . ' Taking matters into their own hands , the group composed and performed a tongue-in-cheek tune . As they paraded up and down the aisle of the plane , some passengers even began to sing along with the lyrics . The band also posted the video to Facebook , adding that the song was dedicated to the ` irritable airline ' ` We much prefer our new on-time landing music , which will be heard on over 90 per cent of our flights this year , as we carry 100 million customers , ' Kiely added . Ryanair is famous for complaints about its customer service and surcharges , and it has recently launched a marketing campaign and measures such as allocated seating to win over passengers . Since being posted on March 27 , the video has been viewed over 24,000 times on YouTube and has been liked over 12,000 times on Facebook . MailOnline Travel has contacted Sidonie for comment about the video .