A 38 stone man who was too obese to work has lost more than half of his body weight after taking up Zumba . Tony Orrell , 56 , from Feltham , Middlesex , vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife Debbie , also 56 , after he hit 38 stone and she tipped the scales at 18 stone . At size XXXXXXXXL , Tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs . Scroll down for video . Weighing 17 stone , Tony goes to Zumba once a week and now runs his local Slimming World class . Tony Orrell lost 21st slimming down from 38st to 17st in three years thanks to his love of Zumba . The determined pair have now shed a combined weight of 29 stone after Tony lost an amazing 21 stone and Debbie dropped 8 stone . Tony , who ditched his favourite Indian takeaways in the evening , began struggling with his weight at a young age after his mother 's job had a calorific perk . He said : ` I was the fat kid at school , I was always chubby . I 've got a sweet tooth and my mum worked at a biscuit factory , so she was always bringing packets home . I spent all my pocket money on pick and mix . ' Tony says that it was his full-time job in the bank that saw his weight creep up as working all hours left him little time for cooking . Tony struggled with his weight since childhood when his mother would bring back treats from the biscuit factory where she worked and he would spend his pocket money on pick and mix . At his largest Tony would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up . ` We did n't have time to go shopping , so Indian and Chinese takeaway menus were always on the kitchen table . ` I 'd order an onion bhaji to start , tikka masala and a rice to myself , a large naan and poppadoms and polish the lot off . ' In May 1997 Tony was made redundant from his full-time job as a bank manager and but his old habits continued and by 2003 , his size made it too difficult to work . In 2006 for their 25th wedding anniversary , the couple had booked a celebratory holiday to Florida . But they were unable to travel because of his size . Both Tony and his wife Debbie piled on the pounds after their jobs kept them too busy to cook so they would order Chinese or Indian takeaways most nights of the week . The pair decided to make a change after staying with Tony 's sister Anna who was having success with Slimming world and have lost a combined weight of 29st since 2012 . Debbie said : ` We were looking forward to spending a week in the sun and I 'd bought new holiday outfits . I was ticking the days off , could n't wait to spend some quality time together . ` But a month before , Tony was struck down with cellulitis and leg ulcers , so painful he was hospitalised and we had to cancel the holiday . ` Tony was so apologetic , I know he felt guilty , but I did n't care . I just wanted him to get better . We ended up celebrating with a big party instead . ' Debbie admits that even when they did manage to go on holiday Tony 's weight proved to be a huge problem . As he gained more weight Tony developed health complications including type-two diabetes . ` Even when we did fly over the years , Tony would n't get out of his seat , ' she admitted . ` He was so scared he might not fit back in . He could n't go to the toilet , because the loo cubicle is so small on a plane . ' The pair did occasionally attempt to shed a few pounds but it never worked out . ` We 'd lose a few pounds then treat ourselves with chocolate , ' Debbie said . ` Sometimes we 'd go shopping together and I 'd have to drop him at the front of the supermarket then go and park . Otherwise he could n't walk all that way . ' Debbie says that eventually Tony 's weight prevented him from enjoying social situations . ` It got to a point where Tony hated going out , the staring really upset him . ` I would confront strangers about it , asking if they thought they knew us or if they had a problem . ` No-one ever said anything rude but I know it really got Tony down . ' Debbie successfully lost 8st but says she could n't keep up with Tony 's phenomenal efforts . As well as affecting his appearance Tony 's weight became more and more of a danger to his health . Debbie continued : ` Getting so big meant he developed type-two diabetes and he was taking a cocktail of 15 different tablets and an injection for it every day . ` I was concerned but I just had to be supportive for him , I could n't control what he was eating . ' Tony became more aware of his size and it got to the point where he would deliberately avoid certain situations . Debbie said : ` He would n't sit on our friend 's garden furniture in case he broke it . He was petrified of breaking other people 's property . He 's so tall as well . ` It was like a giant trying to sit down . ` We could n't go into coffee shops because he could n't fit into the chairs with arms . ` We would n't go to the cinema in case the chairs were n't wide enough . Tony was so scared he might get stuck . Aged 45 , Tony reached his heaviest weighing 38st and Debbie became increasingly concerned for her husband . ` He was so depressed and withdrawn , we did talk about his weight but we never spoke about how serious it was . ` I knew Tony could die if we did n't do something but that part was unspoken between the two of us . ' But Tony was n't the only one who struggled with his weight . Debbie had also piled on the pounds after she left her high-energy job as a chef . She said : ` I 'd always been running around in a boiling kitchen and it was hard work . I ate healthily then , tucking into proper meals on my lunch and at the end of the day . ` But once I started an office job sat at my desk all day , and eating cakes people brought in , my clothes were getting tighter . ' The turning point came for the pair after staying with Tony 's sister Anna who was having success with the Slimming World diet , they both decided to sign up in April 2012 . As well as changing his diet Tony took up Zumba too which he grew to love . Three years on and Tony has lost 21st and Debbie says he is a changed man inside and out . ` I 've got the man I married back , he 's so confident . He 's a completely different person than I 've known over the last ten years . ` And he loves being around the ladies at Zumba , he 's a bit of a charmer . It does n't phase him being the only bloke there . ' The pair booked a trip to Florida for their 25th wedding anniversary but had to cancel because of Tony 's size . After seeing Tony 's success Debbie decided to take up Zumba too but says she was no match for her light-footed husband . ` By January 2013 , I could n't keep up with him . Tony had lost eight stone so we both joined Zumba classes but I have two left feet . I was stumbling everywhere but Tony had a whale of a time . ' Tony has continued his Zumba classes to insure he does n't slip back into his old ways . He said : ` Once a week I go off with other women , but Debbie does n't mind . Doing Zumba helps to keep the weight off and I ca n't believe how light on my feet I am now . ' Debbie has also had success with Slimming World . By June 2013 , she had reached her target weight of 10st . Tony has even started working for Slimming World as a consultant and runs his own weight loss group . And Debbie does n't worry about the competition from other women . ` He knows I 'd kill him . '