A Lithuanian gangster accused of two murders in his home country has cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands of pounds in a deportation farce after claiming he was too depressed to leave Britain . Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him , claiming they breached his human rights . The 52-year-old , who is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania , spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill , leaving the British public to foot the bill . Depression claim : In January last year , Kestutis Martuzevicius was admitted to Broadmoor on health grounds but by June his condition had improved and he was returned to Belmarsh Prison -LRB- above -RRB- . Yesterday judges at the European Court of Human Rights criticised his ` manifestly ill-founded ' case and ruled the alleged killer should be put on a plane home . In Lithuania he is accused of 22 crimes including two murders , robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997 , when he was a member of the feared Daktarai gang . The ruling brought to an end a saga that began when a warrant for his arrest was issued by Lithuanian police in June 2010 . His case has cost British taxpayers a six-figure sum , according to legal experts . This figure includes the cost of police time , legal fees racked up by challenging his claims in the courts , the £ 40,000 a year price of keeping him in the Category A prison Belmarsh , and treating him at Broadmoor high-security psychiatric hospital . His case reignited the row over the ease with which alleged foreign criminals could exploit human rights laws . Michael Ellis , a former Tory MP , said : ` This is a shocking example of Labour 's Human Rights Act putting the rights of suspected foreign criminals ahead of the rights of the British public . ' Waste of time : Judge Guido Raimondi -LRB- above -RRB- , of the European Court of Human Rights , said : ` The court considers that this complaint is manifestly ill-founded and must be rejected ' Martuzevicius came to the UK in 1996 . It is thought he claimed asylum . He was arrested in London in June 2011 under a European Arrest Warrant . Magistrates agreed to his extradition in October of that year and he was held in Belmarsh prior to being sent home . But he appealed to the High Court on the grounds he was depressed and would face reprisals by criminals in his homeland if he returned . He claimed this violated Article 2 , the right to life , and Article 3 , the right to avoid inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment . British judges ruled his extradition would not be unjust because he could expect a fair trial and the authorities would protect him from retaliation . But Martuzevicius then launched a new appeal with the European Court of Human Rights . According to court documents , in 2012 he was diagnosed as mentally ill , with a psychiatric report saying he was seriously depressed , suffering from a delusional disorder , and that there was a risk of suicide . In January last year , he was admitted to Broadmoor but by June his condition had improved and he was returned to Belmarsh . He appealed to Strasbourg under Article 3 and Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights , which guarantees the right to a fair trial , because he had not been allowed to argue his ill-health during extradition proceedings . But in a written ruling , the European judges , led by court president Guido Raimondi , said Martuzevicius 's claim that extradition breached his human rights was ` inadmissible ' . They added : ` The court considers this complaint is manifestly ill-founded and must be rejected . '