A cocky teenager wanted for alleged fraud and theft taunted police on their Facebook page for failing to catch him - and got arrested hours later . 18-year-old Ryan Heritage from Wiltshire posted a obnoxious message on Trowbridge police 's page , saying : ` Oi yo check if there 's a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck !!! ' He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him . The Trowbridge Neighbourhood Policing Team then re-posted his original message and added their own : ` His luck ran out #arrested . ' Arrogant : 18-year-old Ryan Heritage posted a cocky message on his local police 's Facebook page where he taunted them for failing to catch him . Jokes on you : He was arrested in Trowbridge , Wiltshire just hours after posting the message which read ` Oi yo check if there 's a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck ' Heritage was thrown in the cells for the night and put before magistrates the following morning where he was charged with theft and burglary - and failing to answer bail on fraud charges . The police posted on Facebook : ` A local male wanted on suspicion of theft , and also wanted on warrant for failing to appear in court has been spotted in town . Following a short foot chase he has been arrested . ` Ryan has been charged with theft , and is going to court in connection with the warrant issued for failing to appear in respect of fraud charges . ' Wiltshire police then said : ` There was a warrant out for his arrest because he had failed to appear in court and obviously he thought he was going to be able to escape us so he posted that message . ` When he was arrested in Trowbridge he was found to be in possession of a small amount of cannabis . He was given a caution for that and charged with a number of other offences . ' Magistrates bailed Heritage to report to Melksham police on June 4 - and before Justice of the Peace Court in Swindon on May 20 on another theft charge . Caught : Heritage was thrown in the cells for the night and put before magistrates the following morning where he was charged with theft and burglary . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .