Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final after an SFA panel kicked out a charge of deliberate handball during Sunday 's semi-final against Celtic . In the aftermath of the Highlanders ' 3-2 extra-time win , the Englishman admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been sent off by referee Steven McLean for stopping Leigh Griffiths ' net-bound effort on his goal-line . In an unprecedented move , the Inverness defender was subsequently cited by Tony McGlennan , the SFA Compliance Officer , for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball . Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . That move created a furore - with Jim Boyce , FIFA vice-president and head of the refereeing committee , warning that penalising Meekings retrospectively would open up a can of worms for the game . But a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face Falkirk at Hampden on May 30 . Meekings tweeted : ` Once again , would like to thank everybody for the messages and support given over the last few days . Back to business now , can not wait ! ' ` I have seen the support from various clubs ' fans and I 'm very thankful . I can look forward to the final now , and get ready for Saturday ! ' Inverness Caley Thistle chairman Kenny Cameron also released a statement expressing the club ' s relief that Meekings would now be central to the biggest game in their history . ` The club is delighted for Josh that the Judicial Panel Tribunal dismissed the complaint brought against him , ' he stated . ` Josh will now be available for selection for the Cup Final on 30th May 2015 v Falkirk FC . ` The result means that the club can now fully appreciate the achievement of reaching its first ever Scottish Cup Final and focus on preparations for Saturday 's game versus Aberdeen FC . ` On a personal note , both Josh and I would like to express our gratitude to our legal team from Harper Macleod led by partner David Kerr who worked tirelessly to ensure a favourable outcome . ' Caley boss John Hughes revealed , however , that the furore over the Meekings affair had made him consider quitting his job in disgust at Scotish football . Speaking before the verdict was announced , he said : ` It 's taken the shine off our victory . So much so that I 'm even looking at myself . ` If this is what goes on in Scottish football , I do n't know if I want to be a part of it . I 'm serious when I say that . ` I 'm really , really disillusioned with it and over the last two days I have just switched off my phone . ` I think the whole of British football knows there is a real injustice here . It 's unprecedented and so many people have something to say on it . ` I 'm a little bit embarrassed . I think Scottish football is being dragged through the mud a little bit . ` I think there 's a wee bit more to it than what we are seeing . There has been plenty happening since I came up here , going back to semi-final kick-off times , playing Hearts -LRB- in a semi-final -RRB- at Easter Road in the middle of Edinburgh , I just think sometimes Inverness get treated with contempt . ' The Meekings affair was the latest recent high-profile case to have been brought by Complicance Officer McGlennan that has subsequently been dismissed . Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci has twice successfully defended himself against retrospective charges brought following games against Inverness and Celtic . Earlier this month , Rangers keeper Steve Simonsen escaped an extension to the two-game ban -- with one game suspended -- that he received after breaking rules on gambling . McGlennan said that the Simoson ban , issued by an independent panel , was ` unduly lenient ' but another independent tribunal upheld the original decision . Meanwhile , Aberdeen 's Barry Robson lost his appeal against the red card he received against Dundee United last weekend . The veteran midfielder will now sit out two matches . ` I think there 's a wee bit more to it than what we are seeing . There has been plenty happening since I came up here , going back to semi-final kick-off times , playing Hearts -LRB- in semi-final -RRB- at Easter Road in the middle of Edinburgh , I just think sometimes Inverness get treated with contempt . ' PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart had warned the SFA that it was creating a dangerous precedent by citing Meekings . Speaking shortly before the outcome , the former Rangers and Motherwell defender said : ` I think you have seen this week from the reaction of players across the country , players have no problem with video evidence being used for incidents that genuinely have n't been seen by the referee . Maybe a punch behind the referee 's back and fly kick when the ball is away . ` But we think , if the rule has been extended , then it is now erring into re-refereeing into a game on a Monday . ` That 's not the purpose of video evidence . That 's why the English FA and FIFA and UEFA steer away from that . The referee could see the incident on Sunday , he just did n't see the handball . ` I feel for the referees because their performance is now being analysed to the nth degree and I do n't think that 's fair on them . '