The televised debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday , when 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage . It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor . Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness . Scroll down for video . Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham -LRB- left -RRB- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates . The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . She sat out the rest of the debate . The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights . While Abraham was anxious to get back on stage and finish the debate , the doctor ordered her against returning . Speaking to reporters after her fall , Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign . ` How 'd you like my opening act ? ' Abraham joked to reporters . ` Nothing like fainting on stage . ' Speaking to reporters after the fall , Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign . Pictured on the right before speaking to reporters after the fall . Describing the incident , Abraham said she was on a riser when she ` leaned over to look at -LSB- Williams -RSB- and the lights went out . ' She said she has never fainted before . ` It just happened at an inopportune time . It 's a little bit embarrassing but I fell gracefully . I did n't hurt anything I 'm fine , ' she said . Despite missing most of the debate , the fall appears to have had a strangely positive affect for Abraham . In a poll conducted after the debate , 54 per cent of participants said they would vote for Abraham in the Democratic primary , scheduled for May 19 . Abraham appeared to be healthy on stage just before the debate began Tuesday night at Philadelphia 's Kimmel Center . Pictured on the left , next to mayor candidate Nelson Diaz . After Abraham was taken off stage , the debate continued between the remaining candidates . From left to right : Abraham , Nelson Diaz , Jim Kenney , Doug Oliver , Milton Street and Senator Anthony Williams . That 's likely good news to her campaign managers , since Abraham has been having a hard time raising enough money to compete with front-runners Williams and Jim Kenney , according to Philly.com . NBC 10 Philadelphia will host two more debates between the Democratic candidates before the primary next month . After Abraham was taken off stage , the debate continued between remaining candidates Nelson Diaz , Jim Kenney , Doug Oliver , Milton Street and Senator Anthony Williams .