Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City next season , according to Gary Neville . The former Manchester United defender has been critical of Pellegrini 's side in recent weeks as the reigning Premier League champions have seen their chances of retaining the crown slip following a dismal run of form and results . But , despite the Chilean being the favourite with many bookmakers to be the next managerial casualty and Jurgen Klopp available in the summer after announcing he is to leave Borussia Dortmund , it is understood City chiefs are not entertaining the idea of replacing Pellegrini at present . Manuel Pellegrini should be ` able to correct the things that have gone wrong ' , according to Gary Neville . And Neville , talking at a Budweiser Dream Goal event in Regent 's Park , believes keeping faith in Pellegrini would bring some much-needed stability to the Etihad Stadium . ` I hope they do n't change manager , ' Neville said . ` I hope that Manuel Pellegrini stays at Man City and I hope he is able to correct the things that have gone wrong in the last four months . ` He used the term `` garbage '' in recent weeks when discussing City 's form and four wins in 15 games for a club like Man City is not right and I hope he stays to correct the performances and can complete the job . ' Manchester City were humiliated by rivals United on Sunday as they lost 4-2 at Old Trafford . A 4-2 derby defeat to United last weekend leaves City fourth in the table , with qualification for next season 's Champions League not yet assured . Just six wins since the turn of the year has seen the club drop out of the FA Cup to Middlesbrough and come up short against Barcelona in Europe for the second season in succession . Neville feels some work on the side in the summer is required but reckons the type of wholesale changes being suggested may not be the way to go . ` I do n't rule anything out - in football you do n't make wild predictions , ' he said when asked if the current City team will struggle to get back to their best . But Sky Sports pundit Neville has backed Pellegrini and says only minor changes need to happen this summer . ` These players are n't finished , this team are n't finished . There needs to be some renovation to their house - the people there know that , they do n't need me to tell them . ` I have spoken a lot about City over the past months . I have praised them over the last three or four years and rightly so . Some of the football I have seen them play in that time has been the best and their players have been outstanding . ` They have come to a time now where they have dropped below the standard they have set . They have set a standard I have watched , commentated on and been asked to speak about . I have enjoyed when I have watched them . But now , I 'm not enjoying watching them . ' The Premier League holders sit fourth in the league , 12 points adrift of Chelsea after two straight losses .