Two ` unemployed rich kids ' have caused outrage in China after causing a major traffic accident in central Beijing by racing and wrecking an underpass and two luxurious supercars . The spectacular crash on Saturday wrote a green Lamborghini off and wrecked a red Ferrari . Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained , according to the People 's Daily Online . The green Lamborghini and red Ferrari - which are worth a combined total of £ 1.3 million - are believed to have been racing through the underpass in Beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed . The green Lamborghini was completely wrecked during the crash and the front end was completely severed . Neither driver was hurt but a female passenger in the Lamborghini was taken to the local hospital with non-life threatening injuries . Although both of the drivers claimed the accident was caused by the slippery road conditions at the entrance of the tunnel , the state of the crash scene led Chinese internet users to speculate that the pair had been ` drag racing ' , which is illegal in China . The crash occurred two hours before ` Fast and Furious 7 ' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in China , according to the Hollywood Reporter . The 20-year-old driver of the Ferrari , Yu , from Changchun City in Jilin , and the 20-year-old driver of the green Lamborghini , Tang , a native of Beijing , are both reported to be unemployed - which fuelled more backlash from people online considering the two cars are worth in excess of 12 million yuan - or £ 1.3 million . ` GuoPang ' from Guangxi said ` Why did n't the drivers die ? No Justice ! ' another ` Bluesky1963 ' from Hunan said simply ` The spoilt rich . ' and ` dajianye ' from Beijing said ` That part of the road has daily car races and the sound is deafening . This is definitely the result of car racing . ' ` Socialism is so good that it allows unemployed people to drive supercars , ' one posting said on Sina Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , mocking the country 's authoritarian system of Communist rule . ` What are their names ? Who are their fathers ? ' one netizen asked . ` Were they in a hurry to watch Fast and Furious 7 ? ' said another . Both cars caused extensive damage to the guard rail and a 10 metre section of the tunnel wall -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The maximum speed inside the tunnel is 60 km an hour . Eyewitnesses said that halfway through the 1.2 km tunnel the speeding Lamborghini swerved suddenly and lost control . The Ferrari also lost control not long after and both cars caused extensive damage to the guard rail and a 10 metre section of the tunnel wall . The cost of the damage is expected to be recouped from the drivers . The People 's Daily reports that the wreckage of the Lamborghini was around 100 metres from the Ferrari and that there were no brake marks visible on the road . Debris from the cars and damaged wall were scattered across the area and closed off a section of the tunnel . The drivers were not hurt but a passenger in the Lamborghini was taken to hospital with non-serious injuries . The crash is believed to have cost thousands of pounds worth of damage to the underpass . Local residents told reporters that the tunnel is a frequent spot for car racing especially between 11 pm to 12 pm - creating incredibly high noise levels which disturb local residents . Residents in the nearby Fengling Lvzhou estate said they have been complaining about illegal racing in the area for years . Representatives of the residents told People 's Daily Online they hear engines rumbling every week and most races take place after midnight . This has not only disturbed their sleep but also brought serious danger to the road . Residents have appealed for more speed bumps in the tunnel to prevent racing from happening . A high-speed Ferrari crash in the capital in March 2012 killed the son of Ling Jihua , a close ally of then-president Hu Jintao . Two women passengers , one of them naked , were both injured . The incident added to public perceptions in China of corrupt and high-living officials , and Ling has since been investigated for graft and dismissed from his post . A 21-year-old driver crashed his Ferrari at high speed in the Chinese capital in February last year , killing one passenger and injuring another . Both drivers have been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and detained .