For those in the West , amusement parks are a popular day out , with hundreds of millions of visitors flocking to the most popular theme parks each year . However , for children living in Pakistan 's slums , often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas , there is often little entertainment offered . But there are some facilities popping up in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities , with makeshift parks providing the chance to play and laugh with others and escape their difficult lives , if only for a few hours . Scroll down for video . A Pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in Pakistan 's tribal area of Bajur , enjoys a ride on a merry-go-round along with other children , at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a slum area on the outskirts of Islamabad . Pakistani Christian children enjoy a ride on a hand-operated Ferris wheel for the price of 10 rupees -LRB- approximately 10p -RRB- . Pakistani children who fled their villages with their families due to fighting between security forces and militants in Pakistan 's tribal area of Bajur , enjoy a ride on a merry-go-round . While these rides may be a far cry from Disneyland , the camel carousels , hand-turned Ferris wheels and trampolines on offers in these small parks offer a world of fun for locals . The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi , with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families . Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas . The collection of amusement parks , offer some light relief from their problems , even if it is just for a short while . Pakistani children enjoy a ride at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a Christian neighborhood for Christmas holiday , in Islamabad . A Pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in Pakistan 's tribal area of Bajur , enjoys jumping on a trampoline . Pakistani boys enjoy jumping on a trampoline , at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a Christian neighborhood for the Christmas holidays . A Pakistani girl who fled her village with her family due to fighting between security forces and militants in Pakistan 's tribal area of Bajur , looks on while waiting to have a ride with other children . Night time snack ! A Pakistani man , centre , eats at a food stall in an entertainment park . An Afghan refugee boy and his sister enjoy a ride on an improvised swing , in a poor neighbourhood on the outskirts of Islamabad . Pakistan hosts over 1.6 million registered Afghans , the largest and most protracted refugee population in the world , according to the U.N. refugee agency .