Another 19 Kids and Counting star is one step closer to saying ` I do ' . Josiah Duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson , who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together . And just like several of his siblings before him , as the two embark on the path towards a potential marriage , Josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family 's incredibly strict courting rules , which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates , with ` side hugs ' the only permitted form of physical contact . ` I met Marjorie a few years ago , when I was taking Spanish lessons at her house and I was very impressed with the way she was with her siblings and her love for the Lord , ' Josiah told People . Scroll down the video . Future wedding bells ? Josiah Duggar , pictured , is the latest 19 Kids and Counting star to announce that he has entered a courtship . The teens ' courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his 23-year-old older sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David , her first child with her 26-year-old husband Derick Dillard . Per the Duggar family 's rules of courtship , hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day . While Josiah has known Marjorie for a number of years , he explained that he first started thinking about her in a romantic way when they both went on a mission trip to El Salvador in December . ` She really caught my eye , ' he said . ` That is really where I noticed her . ' Josiah , who works at his father Jim Bob 's construction company , noted that their courtship has been ` going very well ' . And Marjorie also hails from a big family . The teen , who was born to Greg and Analucia Jackson , is one of five girls . Special day : The 18-year-old , who can be see with his parents Michelle and Jim Bob , revealed that he officially started courting 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth . Love story : Josiah met Marjorie a few years ago when he was talking special classes at her house . She admitted to ` liking ' Josiah since she met him in Spanish class a few years ago . ` For me it was an immediate thing , ' she told People . ` I have always admired him and his family . ' Interestingly , when the Duggars recently weighed in on who would be the next family member walk down the aisle , the 18-year-old was not mentioned . Josiah and Marjorie 's budding relationship will likely be chronicled on his family 's reality series , just like his sisters Jill and Jessa were filmed getting to know their now husbands . The news of Josiah 's courtship with Marjorie is just one of the Duggar family 's major announcements in the past year . Jessa , 22 , and her husband Ben Seewald , 19 , revealed that they were engaged in August with the two saying ` I do ' in November . Big day : Derick Dillard and Jill Duggar welcomed their son Israel David into the world on April 6 - the same day Josiah officially started courting Marjorie . Unexpected changes : This snapshot of Derick in scrubs led to speculation that his wife had to have a cesarean sections . Meanwhile , Jill and Derrick announced in August that they were expecting their first child - just two months after they walked down the aisle . Their son Israel was born weighing 9lbs10 two weeks past his due date on April 6 . Last week , a snapshot of Derick wearing scrubs shortly after the birth sparked speculation that Jill , who is a trainee midwife , may have undergone a cesarean section . While the family admitted that ` not everything went as expected ' , fans will have to wait until May 5 to watch the momentous occasion on the TLC reality show . Yesterday , Derick posed next to his wife for an adorable post-baby photo he shared his Instagram account . ` As Jill and I are settling in back at home after the birth of our firstborn , we wanted to thank everyone for the amazing support we 've received from so many during this time , ' he wrote . Special thanks : Derick and Jill posed for this adorable snapshot post-baby to show their gratitude for their family and fans .