There will be more Muslims than Christians in the world in less than sixty years , new research revealed . The religion 's share of the world 's population will equal the Christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070 , analysis by the Pew Research Center showed . The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world 's population , which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades . Scroll down for video . There will be more Muslims than Christians in the world in less than sixty years , the Pew Research Center has claimed . Above , Kashmiri Muslims pray outside a mosque in Srinagar . By 2100 around one per cent more of the world 's population will be Muslim than Christian , with the largest proportion of followers in India . Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050 . The number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151 , the report claimed . Less than 50 per cent of the population will be Christian in the United Kingdom , Australia , Benin , Bosnia-Herzegovina , France , the Netherlands , New Zealand and the Republic of Macedonia . By 2050 Muslims will make up around ten per cent of Europe 's population . It is thought the religion will thrive due to its young population and high fertility rates , with an average of 3.1 children per woman . By 2100 there will be around one per cent more Muslims than Christians -LRB- graph left -RRB- , with the largest proportion of the religion 's followers in India . The map -LRB- above -RRB- also shows population growth rate for each country . Above , a congregation of Christians in a London church . The data also revealed that the number of atheists , agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will decline from 16 per cent of the world 's population to 13 per cent in the next four decades . The rate is well above the 2.1 replacement level - the minimum typically needed to maintain a stable population - and the fertility rate of Christians , which is around 2.7 children per woman . The Pew Research Center 's report said : ` Religions with many adherents in developing countries -- where birth rates are high and infant mortality rates generally have been falling -- are likely to grow quickly . ` Much of the worldwide growth of Islam and Christianity , for example , is expected to take place in sub-Saharan Africa . ' The data also revealed that the number of atheists , agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will decline from 16 per cent of the world 's population to 13 per cent in the next four decades . Buddhism will also decline , with its followers decreasing by 0.3 per cent .