Health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking . The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland , the Scottish Government 's health promotions agency , which says more action is needed to tackle the ` continuing problem ' of ` hazardous alcohol consumption in young people ' . The move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland . New measure : Health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking . If introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of Britain , where it is 18 . Last night Professor Sir Ian Gilmore , chairman of Alcohol Health Alliance UK , said he would welcome the minimum age being set at 21 . He said : ` If it was 21 now , I would not be calling for it to be lowered . ' But he added : ` Given the fact that we are where we are , I think that politically it is quite difficult , when the age is 18 for so many other adult rites in our society . ' The proposal to raise the legal age is outlined in a report titled ` Best Preventative Investments for Scotland -- What the Evidence and Experts Say ' , which examines mea-sures to improve public health . It says the idea to ` increase the minimum legal drinking age to 21 would be highly cost-effective , as it would both improve people 's health without having to spend much money , and reduce demand on the NHS ' . Report author Neil Craig said : ` In Scotland , hazardous alcohol consumption in young people is a continuing problem . ` For both males and females , the largest increase in hospitalisation rates for alcohol-related conditions since the early 1980s has been in the 15-24 year olds , and this was particularly marked for females . ' In fact , doctors across the whole of Britain are worried about the increase in such hospitalisations . Between 2002 and 2010 , the number of admissions to English hospitals among 15 to 24 year olds due to alcohol rose by 66 per cent to 55,655 -- or more than 150 a day . The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland , the Scottish Government 's health promotions agency . The increase among women -LRB- 76 per cent -RRB- was higher than in men -LRB- 57 per cent -RRB- . While the Government in Westminster has been reluctant to legislate to tackle the alcohol problem , the Scottish Government has had far fewer reservations . It has already agreed a 50p minimum unit price for alcohol , although the controversial move will not be implemented if the Scottish Whisky Association succeeds in an ongoing court battle to block it . The Scottish Government has also banned ` BOGOF ' -LRB- buy-one-get-one-free -RRB- deals and other offers encouraging bulk-buying of alcohol , and reduced the drink driving limit . A Scottish Government spokesman said : ` We remain open to the consideration of any evidence-based proposals that can contribute to reducing alcohol-related harm . ' A Department of Health spokesman in London said : ` There are no plans to increase the legal age for buying alcohol . '