This is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face . Karlis Bardelis , 30 , from Latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain , Scotland , when the accident happened . And footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . Mr Berdalis said : ` I was just thinking `` I hope I land somewhere soft and do n't break any bones '' . ' Scroll down for video . The footage shows climber Karlis Bardelis carefully traversing the ridge , left , but one wrong move sends him tumbling down the icy cliff face in Coire an Lochain , Scotland , right . You see his feet literally above his head as he continues to fall down the mountain head-first . Karlis Bardelis , left , and Gary Kinsey , right , on Headhunter 's summit on January 28 , 2012 . Bardelis has only just released the footage of his terrifying fall on a training exercise in hospital . Between 0.12 and 0.20 seconds in the video below , you can see the axe slipping out of the ice and knocking his other axe out of position . Almost immediately his feet were in the air and Karlis can see nothing but his boots and the blue sky as he begins the terrifying fall down the 60m mountain . He continues to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he 's eventually saved by his safety rope after falling ten metres . But the experienced Latvian climber , who now works in Nepal , held his nerve after the tumble and even continued his ascent to the top . Bardelis scaling the mountain which he fell from . On the left you can see the safety rope that saved his life . Holding his nerve : The experienced climber grips the rock face on his ascent . He said : ` My ropes saved me and stopped my fall . ` These kind of falls are very dangerous because I 'm carrying two ice tools and crampons , both of which are really sharp and could cause serious injuries . ` Obviously there 's the risk of hitting a rock on my way down , which can cause serious fractures . ` I never think that I 'm going to die in these situations - I never consider death as an option ' Karlis had travelled to Scotland to take part in a training course organised by the British Mountaineering Council joining climbers from 26 countries . And he attempted the level six climb with some trepidation . Life on the line : Bardelis was rescued by his safety rope after his axe became dislodged from the ice , knocking the other out of position and sending him plunging down the mountain . He said : ` I was feeling excited about that climb but at the same time I was feeling scared in those difficult parts too . ` I fell because I made a mistake ; I put one ice axe in a crack and was trying to put another one in but the placement was n't good so it ripped the other one out . ` My crampons were n't in a stable place so I fell . ' The footage shows Karlis tumble backwards from the cliff face and free fall towards the ground . Incredibly , after being saved by his harness , Karlis continued his ascent after the fall . He said : ` I climbed back to the same place and this time did it right using the same technique . ` Some people laugh when they see the video - others say they are not going to sleep after seeing it . ` I guess it was a good example of how not to climb . ' Top class : The Latvian is an experience climber who now works in Nepal . When he began falling , all he could dow was hope that he landed somewhere soft and did n't break any bones , he said .