It may have taken 170 minutes to come but super sub Yevhen Shakhov earned Dnipro a place in the Europa League semi-finals after breaking Brugge hearts with a late winner on Thursday night . The midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass as the Ukrainian 's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week 's goalless draw in Belgium . The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the opening game of the group stage earlier this season . Yevhen Shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection . Australia goalkeeper Mathew Ryan can do nothing to stop Shakhov 's effort finding the net . Shakhov leads the celebrations after netting the winner for Dnipro to book a Europa League semi-final place . But their European dream came crashing down at the at the Dnipro-Arena during an evening that offered little in the way of quality . The visitors started the game brightly as Davy De fauw and Nikola Storm combined to good effect down the right but , after carving the Brugge defence open , could only win a corner . But the Ukraine outfit soon settled into the game and took control of proceedings . Yheven Konoplyanka , perennially linked with a move to the Premier League was a constant threat down the Dnipro left . First he weaved his way into the penalty area with a jinking run but was eventually crowded out before the Ukraine international test Brugge keeper Mathew Ryan with the first meaningful effort of the match . Dnipro midfielder Shakhov slides to his knees in celebration after earning his side a place in the last four . The Dnipro players mob the goalscorer as his effort sends them into the Europa League semi-finals . Dnipro -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Boyko , Douglas , Luchkevych -LRB- Bruno Gama 90 +1 -RRB- , Fedetskiy , Kankava , Leo Matos , Cheberyachko , Bezus -LRB- Shakhov 46 -RRB- , Rotan , Konoplyanka , Seleznyov -LRB- Kalinic 72 -RRB- . Subs not used : Lastuvka , Vlad , Svatok , Blyznychenko . Scorer -LRB- s -RRB- : Shakhov 82 . Booked : Rotan , Kankava . Manager : Myron Markevych . Brugge -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Ryan , De Fauw , Duarte , De Bock , Mechele , Simons , Refaelov , Vormer , De Sutter -LRB- Oulare 70 -RRB- , Izquierdo -LRB- Dierckx 86 -RRB- , Storm -LRB- Vazquez 86 -RRB- . Subs not used : Kujovic , Van den Buijs , Silva , Coopman . Booked : Oulare . Manager : Michel Preud ` homme . Referee : Alberto Undiano Mallenco -LRB- ESP -RRB- . The winger unleashed a well struck free kick from all of 30 yards , but the effort was straight at the Australia No 1 . The home side pressed for an opener as Konoplyanka continued to cause the Brugge backline problems as the winger tormented the right-hand side of the Brugge defence . And Dnipro could have been in front on the half-hour mark but Yevhen Seleznyov fired off target after being picked out in the area by Roman Bezus . The Ukrainians were almost gifted an opening goal moments before half-time after a miscommunication between Ryan and defender Brandon Mechele that had manager Michel Preud ' homme shaking his head in disbelief . Just minutes after the restart Dnipro again came close to breaking the deadlock . This time it was Konoplyanka who , after collecting Rotan 's brilliant ball over the top , fired an effort agonisingly wide of the far post . Brugge continued to defend for their lives as the visitors seemed intent on preserving their unbeaten record in the competition this season . The dangerous Yevhen Konoplyanka shields his face as he flies into a challenge with Ruud Vormer . Dnipro forward Roman Bezus vies for the ball with Ruud Vormer during the quarter-final clash . In a rare foray into the final third substitute Obbi Oulare let fly with a 30-yard strike that narrowly missed the target as the game looked to be heading for an extra 30 minutes . Brugge began to take more opportunities as the game neared the final 15 minutes , and it proved their undoing . Dnipro broke swiftly and Rotan released Shakhov , a half-time substitute , who cut in on his left foot and beat Ryan courtesy of a slight deflection . Brugge made a late double change in a bid salvage their place in the competition but it was too little , too late as Dnipro Europa League dream continues .