Jodi Arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder , and she has a new mugshot . The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform . It 's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk . She later said she flashed the grin because that 's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation . She also figured the mugshot would be all over the Internet , ` so why not ? ' Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday . She plans to appeal the conviction . Scroll down for video . Life in prison is no laughing matter : Jodi Arias looks serious in a new mugshot -LRB- left -RRB- taken this week , as she starts her life in prison sentence for murdering ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander . In her first mugshot , taken in 2008 -LRB- right -RRB- , Arias smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published . She killed ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in what prosecutors said was a jealous rage because he wanted to break off their relationship . Arias killed her ex-boyfriend in 2008 after a stormy relationship . Prosecutors say she murdered him in a jealous rage because he wanted to break off the relationship . She shot Alexander and stabbed him nearly 30 times in his suburban Phoenix home before fleeing and driving to Utah to meet up with another romantic interest . She was arrested weeks later and initially denied any involvement . International media attention soon followed after she did two television interviews in which she told a bizarre story of masked intruders breaking into the home and killing Alexander while she cowered in fear . She subsequently changed her story and said it was self-defense after Alexander attacked her on the day he died . The rest of her life : On Monday , a judge sentenced Arias to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Arias pictured above in Maricopa County Superior Court the day the sentence was handed down . Victorious for some : Chris Hughes , friend of victim Travis Alexander , claps his hands as he leaves the Maricopa Count courthouse following sentencing on Monday . Victim : Prosecutors said Arias heartlessly killed Alexander -LRB- pictured together above -RRB- because he wanted to break up with her . Her 2013 trial became a media circus as details of their kinky relationship and the violent crime scene emerged in court and were broadcast live . Spectators traveled to Phoenix and lined up in the middle of the night to get a seat in the courtroom to catch a glimpse of what had become to many a real-life soap opera . Interest in the case intensified after Arias did a jailhouse interview minutes after she was convicted of murder , telling a local TV reporter that she preferred the death penalty over life in prison . ` I would much rather die sooner than later . Longevity runs in my family , and I do n't want to spend the rest of my natural life in one place , ' she said . The original jury was deadlocked on whether to sentence her to death , setting up another penalty phase trial that began last year . After months of testimony and efforts by Arias ' lawyers to portray Alexander as a sexual deviant who physically and emotionally abused her , the second jury also failed to reach a unanimous decision -- this time 11-1 in favor of death . The 11 jurors who wanted the death penalty said the holdout juror had an agenda and was sympathetic to Arias .