Secretary of State John Kerry ` is delusional ' if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it , says the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , John McCain . ` I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods , hoping maybe that the Iranians would n't say much about it , ' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program . McCain , responding to the supreme leader of Iran 's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ` instant , ' said he had ` sympathy ' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , because Kerry ` must have known ' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord ` and yet chose to interpret it in another way . ' Launching a rare attack from his official White House Twitter account , President Barack Obama 's spokesman Josh Earnest in turn said it was ` naïve and reckless ' for McCain ` to believe every word of the Supreme Leader 's political speech . ' ` He should n't , ' Earnest added . And the president 's deputy national security adviser told reporters traveling with the administration abroad that it 's ` very clear and understood that sanctions relief will be phased . ' Secretary of State John Kerry ` is delusional ' if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it , says the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , John McCain . Kerry , is flanked here by President Barack Obama and National Security Adviser Susan Rice at the bilateral meeting between President Obama and Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela today in Panama City , Panama . The Obama administration is in Panama to attend the VII Summit of the Americas . ` The fact of the matter is , we have framework , ' Rhodes said , according to the Associate Press . ` The president has said if the details do n't bear out , we wo n't have a deal . ' Obama , Kerry , National Security Adviser Susan Rice and other members of the president 's kitchen cabinet are in Panama for the Summit of the Americas . Backed into a corner by reporters , the White House on Monday indicated that negotiators left Switzerland last week without coming to an agreement about the pace at which sanctions would be removed . The administration had stated in a fact sheet that nuclear-related sanctions would be ` suspended ' if Iran complied with the terms of the deal . The president said in a live statement they would be ` phased ' out over time . The framework , however , he said would remain in place so sanctions could be snapped back into place if need be . Iran 's foreign minister , Javad Zarif , immediately cast a cloud over the United State 's assertions , pointing out that the statement released by the United States ' negotiating partners made no reference to either the gradual lifting of sanctions . Zarif indicated that his country was under the interpretation was that sanctions would be ` terminated . ' Asked the next day about Zarif 's claims , the lead spokeswoman for the State Department shrugged them off and said she was n't too concerned with how Iranian leaders sold the deal in their own country . Barraged with questions at his Monday briefing about who was lying - the U.S. or Iran - White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest suggested that the timing of sanctions relief remained a topic of discussion - a major revelation given the dispute 's potential for derailing a written agreement . Khamenei reaffirmed on Thursday his country 's vow not to sign an agreement unless negotiators kowtow to Iran 's demands and promise the ` instant annulment of all sanction , ' according to a translation . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani similarly said , ` We will not sign any agreement , unless all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the first day of the implementation of the deal . ' Khamenei further stated Iran would not allow an ` unconventional inspection or monitoring . ' ` Foreign monitoring on #Iran 's security is n't allowed , ' he said on Twitter . Speaking to reporters in Panama today , Rhodes also dismissed Iranian officials ' rhetoric about the agreement as spin . ` They have their own hardliners who are skeptical of this deal , ' he said . ` The test of whether or not that framework can be memorialized is not a comment on any given day by an Iranian leader , the test will be if by the end of June we have a document . ' Responding to the supreme leader of Iran 's announcement yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ` instant , ' McCain , above , said he had ` sympathy ' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , because Kerry ` must have known ' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord ` and yet chose to interpret it in another way ' McCain ripped into former colleague Kerry on Hewitt 's radio show for mischaracterizing preliminary talks with Iran . ` It 's probably in black and white that the Ayatollah is probably right , ' McCain said . ` John Kerry is delusional . ' Continuing , the Arizona senator said , ` I think you 're going to find out that they had never agreed to the things that John Kerry claimed that they had . ' ` So in a way , I ca n't blame the Ayatollah , because I do n't think they ever agreed to it . ' Republican Senator Mark Kirk on Thursday said , ` It 's increasingly clear that Iran , in fact , failed to reach agreement with the United States and its partners on a political framework that addresses all parameters of a comprehensive agreement . ` At best , Iran agreed to disagree with the United States on key nuclear weapons-related issues and to continue talks , ' the Illinois lawmaker said . McCain told Hewitt Kerry 's behavior ` reveals that a number of things ' about his ` negotiating capabilities and also his candor with the American people . ' He also said he believes Senate Republicans are ` extremely close ' to winning enough Democrats ' support to push through a veto-proof bill giving Congress the power to review the formal deal with Iran that is scheduled to materialize by June 30 . Khamenei further stated that Iran would not allow an ` unconventional inspection or monitoring ' Even with out that legislation , McCain claimed that the Senate has the Constitutional authority to reject an accord because it is technically treaty . Obama should ` read the Constitution of the United States , ' McCain said . This is clearly a treaty . ' And even if the president ` disregards the Constitution ' McCain said - ` which he certainly did with executive orders concerning immigration ' - Congress should have a say in an issue of this scale . South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham , a member of the Armed Services Committee who is exploring a presidential run , said in a statement Friday afternoon that ` the Ayatollah and President Obama appear to be talking about two separate agreements . ` Unfortunately , I ca n't say I 'm surprised , ' he added . ` President Obama wants a deal way too badly , and his Administration has been trying to sell a deal which may not actually exist . ' Graham said the Obama administration should tell Iran ` in no uncertain terms -- that should we come to an actual agreement between both parties , sanctions relief will not be immediate . ' ` Any realistic agreement must preclude sanctions relief from being granted until Iran proves it has ended its military nuclear program . ' Drawing on Khamenei 's comment about supervision , Graham said he would ` never ' lend his support to a deal that does n't allow for inspections ` anytime and anywhere . ' With ` Iran 's history of cheating , ' he said , ` it would be incredibly dangerous not to require Iran to abide by an ` anytime-anywhere ' inspections regime . '