The devastated fiance of the late ` wellness warrior ' Jessica Ainscough has written an emotional letter to her followers , revealing she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and ` giggling and drinking green smoothies ' in her hospital bed until the day she died . Ms Ainscough , 30 , died in late February following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma . She spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy , which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support . But after discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , in her final weeks - the most ` difficult ' weeks of her fight - Ms Ainscough began a course of targeted radiation , her partner Tallon Pamenter has revealed . ` This was a risky and tough decision , but Jess bravely embraced this last chance option , ' he said . Jessica Ainscough -LRB- left -RRB- was planning to marry her partner Tallon Pamenter this year . She died after a long fight with cancer in February . ` This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life , ' Mr Pamenter said . Tribute : Jessica Ainscough died in late February after a seven-year-long battle with cancer . ` In true wellness warrior style , we integrated our natural healing regime with the recommended radiation . ` Finally the walls were broken down between conventional and unconventional medicine - I do n't know why as a society we must choose one or the other . ` This was something Jess was looking forward with sharing -LRB- with her followers -RRB- . It was an exciting evolution from her earlier days of feeling that she had to be part of one extreme world or the other . ' Mr Pamenter said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple - who were planning to marry this year - had been through . ` Jess displayed a sense of courage and grace that I am yet to see in anybody else I have ever met - myself included . ' The radiation successfully managed to shrink the tumour but ` some complications arose during the final stages of treatment ' . ` Not long after , the words I LOVE YOU would leave my lips only to fall softly upon Jess 's ears for the last time . ` I said goodbye to the love of my life that day and my heart has been in a million pieces since . ' ` Jess displayed a sense of courage and grace that I am yet to see in anybody else I have ever met - myself included , ' She ` showed -LRB- her partner Tallon -RRB- what it means to live in a world full of love ' , he said in his tribute . ` I said goodbye to the love of my life that day and my heart has been in a million pieces since ' ` This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life . ` I have been taken to a place so foreign and unknown with no navigational bearing on how to get back . ` Loved ones tell me to be strong during this time ... but the thing is I do n't want to be strong ... I want to cry when I 'm sad , yell when I 'm angry and smile during those fleeting moments of happiness brought on by the memories we created together . ` I want to sit in silence and be present with every single emotion that decides to show up . ` It 's in those moments I feel closest to her . ' Ms Ainscough made the decision to undergo radiation after the fungating tumour in her left shoulder became large and painful . It began to interfere with her ` ability to enjoy her favourite things like walking our furbabies on the beach ' , Mr Parmenter said . Mr Pamenter told Daily Mail Australia she planned to tell her followers about her new treatment just days after she passed away . Ms Ainscough was diagnosed with cancer in 2008 when she was 22 and working at Dolly magazine , a favourite of teenage girls . She initially underwent targeted chemotherapy to her left arm , according to reports , but the cancer returned a year later . She also refused doctors ' advice to have her left arm amputated . Jessica 's mother was also diagnosed with cancer in 2012 , and , inspired by her daughter 's fight , she also adopted the Gerson Therapy method . The alternative treatment did not work , and her mother passed away in 2013 , an event which Ms Ainscough said brought her to her knees . Mr Pamenter said his partner ` showed me what it means to live in a world full of love ' . She was laid to rest in early March .