A University of Florida redshirt freshman football player faces charges after a robbery at a Gainesville apartment . Gainesville Police said Jerald Christopher ` JC ' Jackson , of Immokalee , Florida , entered an acquaintance 's apartment Saturday with two men . Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment , and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun . Police said they took two video game consoles , marijuana and $ 382 from the apartment 's three residents . University of Florida redshirt freshman JC Jackson , of Immokalee , Florida , was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment . Jackson never returned , but he later called one of the victims , police said . The other two suspects allegedly made the victims get on the floor , and one victim told Gainsville Police that one of the men pressed his handgun against his face while the other suspect demanded to know where to find drugs and money , according to AL.com . Jackson , who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times , was identified , according the police report , and he turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff 's Office . An investigation into the identities of the other suspects is ongoing . Jackson entered an acquaintance 's apartment with two men , and shortly after he left the other men pulled out a handgun and demanded money and drugs , police said . The former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua County Jail on Sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm . He was held on $ 150,000 bond . The former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua County Jail on Sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm . He was held on $ 150,000 bond . Jail records did n't show whether he had an attorney . In a statement , Florida first-year head coach Jim McElwain said in a statement that he was aware of Jackson 's actions , according to AL.com . ` We are aware of the news involving JC Jackson , and he is currently dealing with a serious issue , ' he said . He added : ` We do n't condone any of his actions , and it is not something that reflects on the expectations we have in the program . It is being handled accordingly due to the severity of his actions . ' Jackson has been on the Florida Gators football team since last season . He was injured in the first game and took a redshirt . This is the third time since December that Jackson has made headlines for non-football-related activity . In December he was driving in his hometown with two other when someone in a passing vehicle began shooting at them . A bullet grazed Jackson during the shooting . Earlier that same month he and two fellow Florida football players , quarterback Treon Harris and cornerback Jalen Tabor were stopped for speeding on campus by university police . The University of Florida Police Department found two small bags of drugs in the car after reporting that the vehicle smelled like marijuana . Since the vehicle did not belong to any of the three athletes who were in the car at the time , none of them were charged .