John Carver knows only too well that a Tyne-Wear derby can make or break a manager . His first in the dugout was as assistant to Ruud Gullit in August , 1999 , when on a sodden night at St James ' Park the Dutchman left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson and paid for his selection with his job after a 2-1 defeat . Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season and knows what impact a victory -- or a loss -- could have on Sunday afternoon . John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against Sunderland on Sunday . Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer in 1999 . Carver was assistant to former Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999 . His memories of Gullit 's downfall remind him of such consequences . ` We were at the old training ground at Durham Cricket Club and I was in the room with Steve Clarke and Ruud , ' recalls Carver . ` All of a sudden , he started talking about what the team was going to be against Sunderland . I said , ` Sorry Ruud , what did you say there ? ' . ` He said he was going to leave out Alan and Duncan . I said , ` Do you know how important this game is ? ' . ` He said , ` I have played in some massive derbies . I 've played in them in Holland and London and I played in the Milan derby too ' . ` I said , ` Yeah , but you have n't played in one like this Ruud ' . ` And then we just walked out of the room . He seemed set on the fact that was what he was going to do . ` I talked about it being a motivation for the opposition seeing Alan and Duncan on the bench . But he had no concerns whatsoever . ` I actually thought , ` If we do n't win it , he 's gone ' . I said to Steve , ` Is he writing his resignation before the game ? ' . Gullit 's selection gambit did not pay off and Newcastle ended up losing 2-1 to Sunderland at St James ' Park . ` We actually went 1-0 up but they turned it around and then the heavens opened . It was a dreadful night . ' The following morning Shearer went to see Gullit , only Ferguson had beaten him to it , knocking the door off the hinges , legend has it . By the end of the week he had quit . Carver was also by Alan Pardew 's side during the last four derby defeats , a factor the former manager admits did him little favours with the Toon Army . In that respect , Carver knows how much a positive result could aid his chances of landing the job on a permanent basis . ` In the eyes of the fans , if you win a derby game , it 's massive , ' he said . ` I 'm not saying everything else is forgotten , but it certainly helps your case . If I come off and it 's not been a football match but we win 1-0 , I 'll be delighted with that . ` We had a good football match last weekend -LRB- 2-1 defeat at home to Arsenal -RRB- and got nothing for it . At the end of the day , it 's all about getting the win . ' Carver was also assistant manager to Alan Pardew , who lost four successive games against Sunderland .