` There 's no cafetiere and there 's no corkscrew ! ' Listening to my husband Dominic 's rant minutes into our family Eurocamp adventure I was reminded that I 'm not married to Bear Grylls . But his gripes were soon drowned out by the whoops of delight from our two young boys as they bounced on the beds ... ` bunk beds ! In a TENT ! ' - their tiny heads about to explode in excitement . A full-blown corkscrew crisis was quickly averted as we befriended our better-equipped neighbours and , once the wine was flowing , we were able to take in our surroundings . Jake and Seb ready for their cave adventure . It 's not advertised as ` glamping ' but with big duvets and brass beds , Eurocamp 's Safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas . Everything is in situ , so no worrying about whether you 've forgotten your tent pegs or frying pan ... You just bring yourselves , clothes and food -LRB- and in our case , a lot of local wine -RRB- . We visited L'Ardéchoise site in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France at the end of August . About an hour-and-half 's drive from the beaches of the south and Montpellier airport , it 's known as the gastronomic centre of France . L'Ardéchoise is a quiet , well-established , family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque Ardeche river . For us , entertaining our boys Jake , six , and Seb , four , is the number one priority on holiday - that and escaping the chaos that is our life in London . This site is a five-star park - at the top end of what 's on offer in France . With four pools and a camp ` animateur ' organising activities for little ones , it did n't disappoint . The big hit for our boys was the pool complex - it included a waterfall and ` rapids ' section that kept them amused for hours . The other attraction was other children 's toys , and we spent a great deal of our time returning them to our neighbours ' tents to preserve community relations and other parents ' sanity . The campsite has immaculate facilities . There are plentiful and clean showers , family washing areas , waist-high baby baths and even a dog shower area . Most important of all , the site felt safe and relaxed . Most parents let their children scoot and cycle around on their own and the little ones loved the freedom . The region is famous for having the world 's oldest cave paintings at Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc . For me , getting away from work does n't mean switching off from the news entirely , and with wi-fi availa-ble across the site and daily English papers , I kept up to date from the comfort of my sunlounger . Jane and her boys were excited when they discovered their tent came with bunk beds . The Eurocamp Safari tents are well equipped -LRB- although cafetieres are no longer provided -RRB- , with adequate cooking facilities , gas barbecues and fridge freezers . Fans and heaters are also provided - which proved useful one chilly evening . There were some jokers on site who referred to our area as the UN enclave , due to the beige ` refugee camp ' appearance of our tents . The brown canvas combined with overhanging trees means they are a little gloomy inside . We were also closer to our neighbours than we would have liked -LRB- less than 6ft to one side -RRB- , useful for corkscrews ... less so for privacy . That said , we did n't spend that much time in the tent as there is so much to do . Kayaking on the Ardèche is the number one tourist attraction -LRB- lower age limit seven -RRB- . The 20-mile gorge that winds through limestone cliffs is a national nature reserve . My husband and I took turns to brave the rapids that lead you under the awe-inspiring Pont ` Arc - a natural arch more than 180ft high . This region is also famous for the world 's oldest cave paintings at Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc and there are hundreds of underground grottos . Our boys were captivated by the prospect of caving . Reared on a diet of Enid Blyton , they were concerned about ` smugglers ' ... but once their hard hats were on they were up for it . We visited Aven-Grotte la Forestière , which is one of the smaller caves in the region but no less spectacular than the big attractions . The nearby village of Labeaume was also a big hit . Clinging to the edge of the gorge , troglodyte dwellings are still in use today and narrow staircases spiral through maze-like alleyways . With four pools and a camp ` animateur ' organising activities for little ones , the park did n't disappoint . The campsite has immaculate facilities and feels safe and relaxed so it 's perfect for families . At the end of a long day 's sightseeing a surprisingly good restaurant on site made life easy on the days we did n't fancy cooking . The evening entertainment was also a bonus . We met many families at L'Ardéchoise who had returned from previous years . For us , duvets and brass beds did n't make up for the fact that we were just a layer of canvas away from another frazzled family , but this was a holiday for the kids . They had a blast and collapsed into their bunks exhausted every night . We managed to get a bit of down time which , as anyone with a four - and six-year-old will tell you , is the best you can hope for . Just do n't forget your corkscrew ! Jayne Secker presents Sky News from 9 am to noon on weekdays , and Week In Review at 8.30 pm on Fridays . The nearby village of Labeaume clings to the edge of the gorge and troglodyte dwellings are still in use . Thinking of a sunny break in the Mediterranean this year ? Here 's our choice of enticing ideas , with suggestions for couples and families . The five-star Fortina Spa Resort , on the waterfront in Sliema , is adults only for most of the year . CULTURAL MALTA . Megalithic temples , the labyrinthine former island capital of Mdina , the Knights of St Johns ' fortified city of Valletta , museums dedicated to the island 's role in the Second World War ... Malta packs in fascinating historical sights . An ideal base for couples is the Fortina Spa Resort , on the waterfront in Sliema . The five-star hotel is adults only for most of the year . Packages to the Fortina Spa Resort and many other hotels with Malta specialist Chevron -LRB- 0800 640 9011 -RRB- . MAGNIFICENT MAJORCA . Puerto Pollensa , with its pine-shaded promenade , long sandy beach and fine views over the bay to craggy promontories , is the island 's most attractive and easy-going full-scale resort . Thomson -LRB- 0871 230 2555 -RRB- offers packages to hotels in Puerto Pollensa , and villas with pools around Pollensa . BEACHED IN SARDINIA . Along its 1,000-mile shore you 'll find everything from vast sandy strands backed by mountainous dunes in the south , to splash-of-yellow coves set amid giant pink granite rocks in the north east . The most characterful resort is Alghero , a historic town of peeling stucco and medieval walls in the north west , with fine beaches nearby . Sardinian Places -LRB- 0845 330 2049 -RRB- has family-friendly self-catering in the area . Outside Sardinia 's season -LRB- June-September -RRB- , the resorts are very quiet , but in August they heave with Italian mammas , papas and bambini . VILLA TIME IN CORFU . The coastline of north-eastern Corfu , from Nissaki to Kassiopi , is one of the most enticing you 'll find in Greece , and Agios Stefanos . Sardinia heaves with Italian mammas , papas and bambini during the peak period in August . is particularly attractive . This is upmarket holiday territory , beloved by well-to-do Brits . Most stay in one of villas dotting the hillsides : CV Villas -LRB- 020 7563 7901 -RRB- has a choice of rentals . DALMATIAN CRUISING . With 1,200 islands , Croatia is ideal for islandhopping . Explore -LRB- 01252 883854 -RRB- runs small-group Dalmatian Island Cruise journeys . Travelling in a traditional wooden motor boat , you stop off at pinescented islands such as Vis , Korcula , Hvar and Brac . From £ 1,247 pp for eight days , including flights . SPRING INTO CYPRUS . As one of the most southerly Mediterranean islands , it 's a good bet for warmth in spring , with daytime temperatures in the mid-20s by May half-term . The most appealing resort is Paphos , which is rich in history . Nearby is sandy Coral Bay . First Choice -LRB- 0871 200 7799 -RRB- offers packages to lots of family-oriented , all-inclusive hotels in the area . CULTURAL MALTA . Megalithic temples , the labyrinthine former island capital of Mdina , the Knights of St Johns ' fortified city of Valletta , museums dedicated to the island 's role in the Second World War ... Malta packs in fascinating historical sights . An ideal base for couples is the Fortina Spa Resort , on the waterfront in Sliema . The five-star hotel is adults only for most of the year . Packages to the Fortina Spa Resort and many other hotels with Malta specialist Chevron -LRB- 0800 640 9011 -RRB- . MAGNIFICENT MAJORCA . Puerto Pollensa , with its pine-shaded promenade , long sandy beach and fine views over the bay to craggy promontories , is the island 's most attractive and easy-going full-scale resort . Thomson -LRB- 0871 230 2555 -RRB- offers packages to hotels in Puerto Pollensa , and villas with pools around Pollensa . BEACHED IN SARDINIA . Along its 1,000-mile shore you 'll find everything from vast sandy strands backed by mountainous dunes in the south , to splash-of-yellow coves set amid giant pink granite rocks in the north east . The most characterful resort is Alghero , a historic town of peeling stucco and medieval walls in the north west , with fine beaches nearby . Sardinian Places -LRB- 0845 330 2049 -RRB- has family-friendly self-catering in the area . Outside Sardinia 's season -LRB- June-September -RRB- , the resorts are very quiet , but in August they heave with Italian mammas , papas and bambini . VILLA TIME IN CORFU . The coastline of north-eastern Corfu , from Nissaki to Kassiopi , is one of the most enticing you 'll find in Greece , and Agios Stefanos .