In a hurry : Katrina Maddox , 23 , with baby Edward , who was born in the back of an ambulance . In an unusual twist of fate , described as a ` million to one shot ' , a young mother has given birth in the back of an ambulance for the second time in as many years after her baby boy was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother . Katrina Maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday . Her second little boy came along on the A47 in Norfolk two years after Mrs Maddox , of North Pickenham , near Swaffham , had her first child Reuben in exactly the same way . The surprised mother said : ` I ca n't believe it 's happened twice ! ` I ca n't imagine there are many people who have both their children like this - it must be a million to one . ' Mrs Maddox 's labour with her first son , Reuben , was three hours long . The toddler , who is now two , ended up being delivered by his dad , Peter Maddox , 30 , in the back of the ambulance as they were driven through North Tuddenham . Little Edward took just 72 minutes to arrive as the ambulance travelled past Longwater Retail Park at Costessey , Norwich . ` I really did n't want it to happen again and I was so adamant I was not going to have Edward in an ambulance , ' laughed Mrs Maddox , who is training to be an accountant . ` But then it did get to that point when I realised I was not going to make it to the hospital again . ` At least this time Peter was able to be by my side rather than delivering his son himself . ' Mrs Maddox , whose husband is a self-employed forester , added : ` I did n't even know I was in labour with my first son Reuben until I was pushing . ` Peter was an absolute saint and so calm for me . He was the best midwife I could have had . ` Both times everything happened so quickly I did n't even have time to panic or think about it . ' This time the couple were at home in bed when Mrs Maddox realised Edward was on his way at about 3 am . They knew they did not have time to hang around for Peter 's parents to arrive . Luckily , a Good Samaritan neighbour popped in to look after Reuben as he slept upstairs , blissfully unaware of the second great baby drama unfolding . The route : This shows where both Reuben and Edward were born on the A47 . Reuben came along near North Tuddenham and Edward as the ambulance travelled past Longwater Retail Park at Costessey , Norwich . Happy family : Edward followed in the footsteps of his brother Reuben -LRB- pictured -RRB- , two , who was delivered by his father Peter Maddox as he and wife Katrina rushed to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital . Mrs Maddox said she had considered it might have been easier to have a midwife go to her , but was told home births were not available in her area . The mum-of-two opted to go to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital instead of Queen Elizabeth Hospital , King 's Lynn , as she knows Norwich and the hospital far better . And the couple joke that they are old hands when it comes to registering an ` in transit ' birth . Mrs Maddox , who grew up in nearby Saham Toney , said : ` For Reuben they had to put his place of birth as being in transit on the way to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , at North Tuddenham , so I imagine it will be just the same for Edward . '