A Labour candidate has denied launching a foul-mouthed attack on a political rival for pointing out he lives in a £ 1.5 million home . Michael Foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in the Camborne and Redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin who is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow . Ms Jenkin claims Mr Foster turned to her and said : ` You c *** . If you pick on me again I will destroy you . ' Labour candidate Michael Foster , pictured , said not many people in Cornwall would be hit by the mansion tax . However , a rival candidate pointed out that Mr Foster lived in a £ 1.5 million house , pictured , near Falmouth . Loveday Jenkin , pictured , is running in the same constituency for Mebyon Kernow - the party for Cornwall . She said the alleged outburst came after he was questioned about Ed Miliband 's plan to impose a mansion tax on all homes worth more than £ 2 million . Mr Foster , a former media agent who has represented celebrities including Sacha Baron Cohen and Anne Robinson , said it was a marginal issue in the Cornish constituency , adding : ` How many people do you know who live in £ 1 million houses ? ' Ms Jenkin then turned to him and said , to laughter and mocking jeers : ` You do Michael ! ' Labour was last night at the centre of a race row after text messages were sent to Asian voters in a key marginal constituency urging them to cast their postal ballots for ` all Asian candidates ' . One of the messages was apparently sent by Mohammed Hanif , a Labour councillor in Tory-controlled Pendle , previously identified as being at high risk of election fraud . Tory MEP Sajjad Karim said the ` intimidating ' texts ` were a flagrant abuse of election laws ' . Mr Hanif refused to comment . Councillor Mohammed Iqbal , local Labour Party agent for the council elections , said : ` There is nothing illegal in this . Any individual is free to send a text message asking a friend or family member to consider voting for a certain candidate . ' According to estate agents , Mr Foster 's £ 1.5 million home , which overlooks Port Navas Creek , ` makes the most of its splendid position , with timber decks , balconies and an open sitting room seemingly hanging over the water ' . Ms Jenkin also claims that when the event concluded , Mr Foster tried to ` square up ' to her , but she avoided the confrontation . She said : ` He clearly has an anger management problem , and no understanding of the problems affecting Cornish people . ' She added that at a previous hustings he was asked -- after Miliband mentioned his two kitchens -- how many he had and replied `` three , but only one of them is in Cornwall '' . ' Mr Foster , who sold his stake in literary agency PFD in 2013 , also owns a property worth more than £ 1 million in London 's fashionable Primrose Hill . Mr Foster said : ` This is totally false . We have had six hustings in Camborne and Redruth and there are two more . All have been conducted politely , in a friendly manner . '