Robert Downey Jr has been accused of making a racist remark about an Oscar-winning Mexican director during an interview . The actor , who is promoting his new film Avengers : Age of Ultron , was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide ' . The Hollywood star told The Guardian : ` Look I respect the heck out of him . I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ` cultural genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is . ' The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter , with some calling it ` racist ' and ` ignorant ' . It comes just three days after the 50-year-old , who plays Iron Man in the film , walked out of an interview with Britain 's Channel 4 after interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy talked about his history of drug abuse and his time in prison . Scroll down for down . Robert Downey Jr -LRB- left -RRB- has been accused of making a racist remark about Oscar-winning Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu during an interview . The Avengers star said : ` I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ` cultural genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is ' Mr Inarritu , who took home the Academy Award for best director for Birdman at this year 's ceremony , slammed action films in an interview with Deadline in 2014 . He said : ` I sometimes enjoy them because they are basic and simple and go well with popcorn . The problem is that sometimes they purport to be profound , based on some Greek mythological kind of thing . And they are honestly very right wing . ` I always see them as killing people because they do not believe in what you believe , or they are not being who you want them to be . ` I hate that , and do n't respond to those characters . They have been poison , this cultural genocide , because the audience is so overexposed to plot and explosions and shit that does n't mean nothing about the experience of being human . He added : ` Superheroes ... just the word hero bothers me . What the f *** does that mean ? ` It 's a false , misleading conception , the superhero . Then , the way they apply violence to it , it 's absolutely right wing . ` If you observe the mentality of most of those films , it 's really about people who are rich , who have power , who will do the good , who will kill the bad . Philosophically , I just do n't like them . ' The comments came just three days after the 50-year-old , who plays Iron Man in the film , walked out of an interview with Britain 's Channel 4 after the interviewer talked about his history of drug abuse . The Avengers : Age of Ultron press tour has been mired in controversy . Jeremy Renner and Chris Evans were forced to apologize on Thursday for calling co-star Scarlett Johansson 's character in the blockbuster movie a ` slut , ' saying it was just a tasteless joke . Renner , who reprises his role as Hawkeye in the sequel ` Avengers : Age of Ultron , ' made the offending comments in a TV interview alongside fellow superhero star Evans , who plays Captain America . An interviewer asked them what they thought about Johansson 's character , Black Widow , opting not to get together romantically with either of them . ` She 's a slut ! ' Renner told the Digital Spy interviewer , triggering huge guffaws from Evans , who added : ` I was going to say something along that line ... a complete whore . ' Social media , perhaps inevitably , went ballistic , and on Thursday Renner 's publicist issued an apology on his behalf , saying the actor was simply exhausted from the slog of promoting the new movie . ` I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone . It was not meant to be serious in any way . Just poking fun during an exhausting and tedious press tour , ' he said . Evans ' representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment , but in a statement to Entertainment Weekly he said : ` We answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans . ` I regret it and sincerely apologize . ' The comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter , with some calling it racist and ignorant . During a recorded interview which aired in the UK on Wednesday , Downey Jr looked visibly uncomfortable when he was asked personal questions . The news anchor asked Downey Jr to explain a comment in a five year-old interview with the New York Times , in which he said : ` You ca n't go from a $ 2,000-a-night suite at La Mirage to a penitentiary and really understand it and come out a liberal . ' Responding , Downey Jr , 50 , said : ` I could pick that apart for two hours and be no closer to the truth than giving you some half-arsed answer right now . I could n't even tell you what a liberal is . ' But , when asked about his relationship with his father , Downey Jnr gets up and says : ` I 'm sorry , I really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview . Seemingly amused with the reaction , Guru-Murthy can be seen smiling and gesticulating as a production team-member tried to remove Robert 's clip-on microphone . At that point he turns and says : ` It 's all getting a bit Diane Sawyer -LSB- a U.S. journalist known for her investigative interviewing -RSB- . ' The original 2012 The Avengers became the third-highest grossing movie in cinema history , taking more than $ 1.5 billion at the box office , only beaten by Avatar -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and Titanic -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . The newest version is set for release in the United States on May 1 .