Real Madrid are desperate to land Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea , but they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal wo n't negotiate , according to reports in Spain . De Gea has been in fantastic form this season , while Real 's legendary stopper Iker Casillas has long been seen as unreliable . Although the European champions would like to sign De Gea this June , they are looking at the possibility of picking up Chelsea 's Petr Cech to fill the gap in between , while the Spaniard runs down his contract at Old Trafford , which expires next year . Real Madrid 's attempt to nab David De Gea is the big story in AS , while Marca focus on James Rodriguez . In a move that Spanish paper AS calls ` Operation De Gea ' , the paper claims Real are only prepared to pay for the keeper if United ` fix a reasonable price ' - otherwise they will nab him for free in a year . De Gea 's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016 , and he is yet to sign a new deal , with United still uncertain of Champions League football for next season . Cech , meanwhile , looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge this summer , with the Czech keeper likely to command a fee of around £ 10million . Elsewhere in Spain the focus is on Lionel Messi 's injury , which is still causing him some problems ahead of Barcelona 's trip to Celta Vigo on Sunday . Sport say ` Messi is OK ' , with the news that ` all tests were positive ' on his injured foot , and Marca add that the Barca star has ` overcome the pain ' . Lionel Messi 's injury dominates in Sport , while in Italy there is more news on Palermo 's Paulo Dybala . However , the Madrid-based paper also report that ` he still ca n't put his boot on ' because of the injury to his metatarsal . There is better news for James Rodriguez , who is also set to return from injury , with Marca reporting that he will start for Real Madrid on Sunday , his first game for 59 days . In Italy there are reports that Palermo striker Paulo Dybala , who has been linked with Arsenal , could join up with former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini at Inter Milan . Corriere dello Sport reports that Inter are ready to offer £ 22million for the Argetinian youngster .