It is the ground on which their husbands fought during the First World War . One hundred years on , these war widows are visiting the battlefields in Gallipoli - many of them for the first time . The war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be the guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on Saturday . Among them is Jean Pockett , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday . As she landed , she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor . Scroll down for video . Jean Pockett , the widow of Private Arthur Herbert Pockett , is one of 10 war widows brought to Gallipoli by the Department of Veteran 's Affairs for Anzac Day this Saturday on the Gallipoli Peninsular . Mrs Pockett -LRB- left -RRB- is the widow of Private Arthur Pockett -LRB- right -RRB- , who fought with Australian forces on the Western Front during the First World War . Married life taught Mrs Pockett about the difficulties faced by war widows , who have often given so much to support men left damaged by war . ` He said `` I 'm sure you 've got a heart murmur '' . I said what a load of garbage , ' Mrs Pockett said , sitting in an armchair at her hotel in the southern Turkish city of Canakkale . Mrs Pockett is the widow of Private Arthur Pockett , who fought with Australian forces on the Western Front during the First World War . She 's one of 10 World War One widows who have travelled to Gallipoli - a group who between them have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders who will see the dawn service on the historic battlefields . Arthur Pockett lost both legs as a result of his wounds at Passchendaele . He and Jean met and married after the war , when Jean was his neighbour and began helping the much older Arthur to look after his cat . Married life was difficult as Arthur suffered continually from his injuries . ` He was on morphine all the time and it was not a very happy union really because he spent more time in hospital than at home . ' Ruth Littler - widow of Lieutenant Burnett Littler - arrived at Gallipoli on Thursday , April 22 . Ruth Littler 's husband Lieutenant Guy Littler -LRB- right -RRB- was sent from Egypt to the Western Front where he collected a lifelong souvenir - shrapnel in his neck . Seeing the Gallipoli cliffs for the first time was an emotional experience for Mrs Littler . ` I was blown away , ' she said . But married life also taught Jean about the difficulties faced by war widows , who have often given so much to support men left damaged by war . She is deeply involved in the War Widows Guild of Queensland , the Gallipoli Medical Research Foundation and volunteers at hospitals . With her commitment to the legacy of soldiers , Mrs Pockett has a special reason for being in Gallipoli this year . ` I was on the spot where we 're going for Anzac Day over 40 years ago , when it was a paddock with sheep grazing on it and men going around with metal detectors pulling bombs out of the ground , ' she said . ` Now I want to see it when it 's all finished and I 'm glad that he 's up there looking to see that I am . ' Private Robert Alldritt in uniform -LRB- left -RRB- and with his wife Veronica Alldritt -LRB- right -RRB- who is one of 10 war widows brought to Gallipoli this year . War widow Veronica Alldritt will join more than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders at the ANZAC Commemorative site at Gallipoli for the ANZAC Day 100th anniversary commemoration . Ms Alldritt 's late husband Private Robert Gregory Alldritt served at Gallipoli in 1915 . Ruth Littler 's husband Lieutenant Guy Littler was sent from Egypt to the Western Front where he collected a lifelong souvenir - shrapnel in his neck . His father and brother fought at Gallipoli and in Europe , and his father was killed on the Western Front . Seeing the Gallipoli cliffs for the first time was an emotional experience for Mrs Littler . ` I was blown away , ' she said . ` Imagine them - I ca n't believe what they went through . ' Private Wilfred Roy Forbes in uniform -LRB- left -RRB- and later with his wife , now war widow , Claire Forbes -LRB- right -RRB- . War widow Claire Forbes landed in Turkey on Thursday to honour her late husband Private Wilfred Roy Forbes . The 86-year-old , of Queensland , is paying tribute to her late husband who served in France in 1917 . War widow Claire Forbes -LRB- right -RRB- pictured with Marjorie Cameron -LRB- left -RRB- as they arrive on the Gallipoli Peninsular on Thursday . Marjorie Cameron -LRB- right -RRB- , 90 , of Laurieton in NSW , and widow of Fitter Ernest Adkins -LRB- left -RRB- , who served on the Western Front during World War I . One hundred years on , the battlefields in Gallipoli have been revisited by ten Australian war widows including Mrs Cameron . All 10 war widows have visited the battlefield sites and already the experience has been moving . It has also been a particularly poignant journey for Rita Chisholm as this is her first trip to Gallipoli . The 80-year-old widow of Captain John MacKellar Chisholm spoke fondly of her latest memories of her husband . ` He was a beautiful person , a great mentor to me , a proud man and a very loving man , ' she told Channel Nine 's Mornings . War widow Valarie Travathick , whose late husband served as a soldier in World War I , is also in Gallipoli . Betty Johnson -LRB- left -RRB- , 81 , of Western Australia and widow of Trooper Frank Osmond Maidment , and Rita Chisholm -LRB- right -RRB- , 80 , of Queensland and widow of Captain John MacKellar Chisholm . All 10 war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service . The women have visited the battlefield sites and already the experience has been moving . For some , it is their first time visiting Gallipoli . The group of women have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders who will see the dawn service on the historic battlefields . Michael Ronaldson , Minister for Veterans ' Affairs , speaks with the ten war widows in Gallipoli .