Hollie Tillbrook , 17 , was saved by two off-duty police officers when she had a heart attack in Basildon , Essex . A teenager battling bulimia who ` died ' on the street from a heart attack was saved by a pair of off-duty police officers who gave her CPR . Hollie Tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend in Basildon 's Festival Leisure Park , Essex , when she suddenly collapsed . Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped . But luckily , two officers , believed to be from the Met Police , rushed to her side and gave Hollie life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived . She was then rushed to Basildon hospital , where she was put into an induced coma . But the teenager then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics . She is now recovering at her home in Leigh , Essex , despite her mother Denise Bennett being told to expect the worst . The family are now trying to find the police officers who saved Hollie so they can thank them in person . Hollie said : ` I do n't remember much about what happened that day but I owe the doctors and the off-duty officers everything . ` I feel very tired still and I know I have a long recovery ahead . It 's been really horrible but I am so thankful to be alive . ' Ms Bennett added : ` I would love to be able to meet the police officers who saved my daughter 's life and for them to get in touch . ` I really want to thank the two off duty police officers that saved my daughter 's life . They are just absolute heroes . ` And also the critical care team at Basildon Hospital - the treatment she received there was brilliant . ' The drama unfolded while Hollie was waiting outside the Chiquito 's restaurant while her boyfriend Gary Hobbs went to park his car . When he came back , he found Hollie laying on the floor with a crowd gathered around her . Ms Bennett then received a phone call , telling her what had happened . The 17-year-old , who suffers with bulimia , had collapsed because she had a dangerous level of potassium in her body . She is now recovering at home with her mother Denise Bennett -LRB- right -RRB- . Humans need potassium in higher amounts than any other mineral . Adults need around 3,500 mg in their body per day . Potassium plays a fundamental role in maintaining the fluid and acid/alkaline balance of the body . It is vital for the transmission of nerve impulses and helps the heart to beat regularly . It also counterbalances sodium in the body , and is known to help lower blood pressure . To get enough you need to eat plenty of fruit and vegetables , which are especially good sources because they also provide a low level of sodium . The Dietary and Nutritional Survey of British Adults -LRB- HMSO 1990 -RRB- showed that the average intake of potassium is 3,187 mg in males and 2,434 mg in females . Compared with the daily recommendation of 3500 mg intakes they are therefore low . People most at risk of marginal potassium include the elderly , athletes and manual workers who sweat out a lot of potassium and people taking certain diuretic drugs . Heavy coffee and alcohol drinkers may lack the mineral and should try to increase their dietary intake . She said : ` Fortunately a young bouncer working at the park had the presence of mind to take her phone and ring me . ` He said to me `` your daughter has collapsed and is receiving CPR '' . I asked if she was responding and he just went quiet and said `` no '' . The drive from Leigh to Basildon was awful . It was terrifying . ' Hollie was transferred to Basildon Hospital where doctors told Ms Bennett that her heart had stopped . She had technically died for a short time , they said . The teen was then put into an induced coma . Doctors told Ms Bennett to return in the morning but to prepare for the worst . She said : ` I went home to Hollie 's bedroom and was just clutching the coat she had been wearing . I was crying and crying . ' But , the next morning , doctors began to bring Hollie out of the coma and she started to breathe on her own . Five days later she was allowed home . Ms Bennett said : ` I really want to warn other young people about the effects of bulimia . ` I know it is an illness but it is beyond my comprehension why these kids do this . It is not a game . It can have life-threatening consequences . ' Hollie suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome -LRB- CFS -RRB- , which her mother believes caused her to become depressed and develop bulimia . Doctors believe that Hollie had been so sick that her potassium levels had dropped to a dangerous level .