They vanished from the Earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age . Now researchers believe they may have uncovered a possible explanation of what may have contributed to Neanderthals eventual demise - they were not very adept at controlling fire . A team of archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa . Neanderthals , like the reconstruction above on display at the Natural History Museum in London , may have finally died out as they were unable to get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire . They used computer model the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . They found that without fire , a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did . They are often depicted as dim-witted evolutionary losers , but Neanderthals were not driven to extinction by their lack of brains . . Instead , it is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors , scientists believe . An analysis of archaeological evidence dating back 200,000 years strips away some of the myths surrounding Neanderthals and reveals they were more advanced and sophisticated than has widely been thought . Many researchers believe the differences between the two human species are not enough on their own to account for the demise of the Neanderthals . Neanderthals have been found to make stone tools and even made jewellery . Eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Neanderthal site in Krapina in Croatia were used to create a necklace or bracelet 130,000 years ago . Modern humans who regularly cooked their food could have then channeled this extra energy into growing their population and searching longer for food during lean periods . Anna Goldfield , an archaeologist at Boston University who led the research , said : ` Cooking makes meat more easily digestible , and that means that the calories that would 've been used to digest raw meat can go to other uses . ` I determined , importantly , that a diet of cooked meat meant that either foraging groups could travel a bit farther in their range of gathering , or since they were getting more out of a set of resources , they could stay longer in the same landscape . ' Living from about 300,000 years ago to 40,000 years ago , they were known to make stone tools and were accomplished hunters . They spread through out Europe and much of Asia , and there is some evidence that they made jewellery and art . Some researchers believe that they were also highly intelligent - possibly even as intelligent as modern humans , Homo sapiens . There are a number of theories for what caused Neanderthals to disappear - but most seem to agree it was the arrival of modern humans in Europe and Asia that played a role . Some archaeologists believe they were unable to compete with modern humans , while others believe humans actively killed them . Neanderthals vanished relatively quickly once modern humans arrived in the areas where they were living . However , DNA evidence also suggests that Neanderthals and modern humans also interbred . Neanderthals use of fire is still a highly controversial issue , but if they had not used it to cook food as much as modern humans it would have put them at a definite disadvantage . Miss Goldfield said : ` There is certainly plenty of evidence that Neanderthals used fire in Europe as well as in the Levant , Africa , and elsewhere . ` I was absolutely not suggesting that Neanderthals had no use or control of fire . What we do n't know is how intensively the populations used fire . ` What is an intriguing problem is the seeming lack of consistent fire use in the Quina Mousterian , a glacial phase of the Middle Paleolithic . ` We see a bit of burned bone at some sites , but really no evidence for lots of fire use . It may be that we have n't found it yet , or it may be that Neanderthals were using other survival strategies . ` Neanderthals probably were n't all that different from humans , but they may have adopted different strategies for dealing with their environment . ' Miss Goldfield , who conducted her research with Ross Booton , a mathematical biologist at the University of Sheffield , suggests that with their bigger bodies , Neanderthals would have needed more food than modern humans . Recent research is suggesting that Neanderthals were sophisticated and not very different from modern humans , increasing the mystery behind why they died out and Homo sapiens managed to survive . She said : ` My real aim was to specifically look at the impact of cooking on metabolism , and whether regular cooking of food might have been an advantage for Neanderthals . ` Neanderthals were a bit more muscular and robust than early humans . Neanderthal metabolic costs for a day 's activity would have been a bit higher . ' Using their computer models they were able to simulate how the populations of Neanderthals would change depending on their use of fire . They found that if modern humans used fire more often than Neanderthals , then their populations would grow . Both groups hunted and ate reindeer , among other large prey , that were prevalanet across much of Europe at the time . But as modern human populations grew , it would also reduce the number of reindeer available for Neanderthals . Over time this could have increased Neanderthals vulnerability to extinction . Miss Goldfield presented her findings at the Annual Meeting of the Society for American Archaeology in San Francisco . She said : ` Initial tests indimcate that cooking lean meat increases its caloric value sufficiently to offset up to 3.7 days ' worth of locomotion , or 12 kills per year , thus extending the carrying capacity of a landscape patch , particularly during periods of resource scarcity . ' She told LiveScience : ` Fire use would have provided a significant advantage for the human population and may indeed have been an important factor in the overall collapse or absorption of the Neanderthal population . '