Their clubs have experienced contrasting fortunes on the pitch in recent weeks but Danny Welbeck and several of the Liverpool squad appear to share a mutual fondness for Nicki Minaj . The Gunners forward was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday night to watch the pop star perform , two days after his side thrashed the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates . Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho . Danny Welbeck arrives at the Manchester Arena ahead of the Nicki Minaj concert on Monday . Jose Enrique -LRB- right -RRB- was joined by Mamadou Sakho -LRB- second right -RRB- and Alberto Moreno -LRB- left -RRB- . Defender Enrique poses for a picture with partner Amy Jaine during the performance . Enrique -LRB- right -RRB- and Moreno -LRB- centre -RRB- pose from their seats as Minaj performs below . US rapper and singer Minaj -LRB- centre -RRB- struts her stuff during her live show in Birmingham earlier this week . And while the the Liverpool players might have been enjoying Minaj 's 2014 hit ` Anaconda ' , Brendan Rodgers would almost certainly have still been reeling from a heavy defeat that strangled the life out of the club 's hopes of reaching the Champions League . Enrique , who took to Instagram to share a few snaps from the night out , was pleasantly surprised at how much he enjoyed the performance . ` Great night at #nickiminaj concert . Better than I expect it . Really enjoy it . Good night , ' the Spanish defender wrote on the social media site . Mesut Ozil is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring during the 4-1 win on Saturday . Alexis Sanchez celebrates with Olivier Giroud after his stunning strike from just outside the penalty area . Hector Bellerin , Mesut Ozil , Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud struck to condemn Liverpool to their second consecutive Premier League defeat as Jordan Henderson netted for the Reds . The defeat leaves Brendan Rodgers ' side seven points off the top four with only sevengames of the season remaining .