The feel-good factor at Everton continued to grow after many of the club 's first-team players attended the annual ` Academy Day ' at Finch Farm on Tuesday . A spring resurgence of five wins and a draw in their last six games has propelled Roberto Martinez 's side into the top half of the Premier League , and the likes of Leon Osman , Phil Jagielka , Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent . Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues ' senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex , with the fun-filled occasion including games of head tennis and shooting drills overseen by manager Martinez and his coaching staff . Leon Osman shares a joke with two of the Everton academy players as Ross Barkley looks to get involved . Phil Jagielka larks around at the Academy Day as he teaches a youngster an unorthodox scorpion clearance . James McCarthy was also in attendance at the Academy Day , pictured in a passing drill he will be familiar with . Tyias Browning , who made his senior debut earlier this season in the Merseyside derby against Liverpool at Anfield , told Evertonfc.com that the experience rekindled fond memories for him . The Academy graduate said : ` This is my second one as part of the first team but I still remember when I did it as an Academy player . We were training with the likes of Big Dunc -LSB- Duncan Ferguson -RSB- and Joseph Yobo then but it 's been great to see the smiles on a lot of kids ' faces today . ` The Club really look after the younger players and Finch Farm is a special place to be . Today has been good fun and I think we 've had as much fun as the kids ! ' Academy Director Tim Devine added : It 's a great opportunity for the six to 11-year-olds to interact with the players , It 's a great example of the family atmosphere that exists at the club . The manager and his backroom staff are all here , and it 's fantastic . ' Romelu Lukaku watches on as a youngster celebrates a goal during one of the small-sided games yesterday . An aspiring young Everton goalkeeper is in safe hands as second-choice stopper Joel Robles catches a ball .