A British schoolgirl has died after being thrown from a horse while on holiday in India with her family . India Mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran 20 miles east of Mumbai . The youngster , who was on the second day of a holiday , was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival . India Mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in Matheran 20 miles east of Mumbai -LRB- file picture -RRB- . She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin , 43 , and a member of staff when the tragedy unfolded . Her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds . The police said the member of staff and the girl 's father managed to control the horse and rushed India to a nearby primary health centre . Sub inspector R N Khebude , of Matheran police , said : ` In his statement , Gavin said he was just behind his daughter and saw the entire incident . He said the horse suddenly went out of control and dragged her up to some distance , because of which she suffered serious injuries and died . ' He said the victim 's parents had chosen not to press charges against the operator , saying it was an accident . Police said India 's father worked with a UK-based company and arrived in Mumbai -LRB- pictured -RRB- with his family on March 30 , staying in a five-star hotel in the city . On the basis of the victim 's parents statement , police have registered a case of accidental death . Doctors stated her cause of death as head injury and shock , it has been reported . Police said India 's father worked with a UK-based company and arrived in Mumbai with his family on March 30 . They were said to be staying at a five-star hotel in the city and went to the region of Matheran on Monday . A spokesperson for the British Deputy High Commission in Mumbai confirmed India 's death , adding : ` We are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . '