Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father remains unable to move or talk two weeks after the family became sick from possible pesticide exposure during a vacation on the US Virgin Islands , officials say . Steve Esmond and his wife , Dr Theresa Devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John . The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . Sean , 16 , and Ryan , 14 , were in critical condition . Steve Esmond and his wife , Dr Theresa Devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John . James Maron , the family 's lawyer , said the boys were in ` rough shape ' . ` The family are all fighters , ' he told WPBF News . ` They 're fighting for everything right now . I understand it 's a long recovery . ' Maron said Esmond , who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington , is conscious but unable to move . Devine , a dentist , was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy . The Tatnall school , where Sean was a star lacrosse player , posted on their Facebook page that they had the Middle School students write get wall cards for Esmond and his family . ` The entire Tatnall community continues to direct its supportive energy toward the Esmonds and asks that everyone keep the family in their thoughts and prayers during this difficult time . ' Tuition at the Tatnall school can range from $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 a year . Sean , 16 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his 14-year-old brother Ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized . On Friday a spokesman from the US Environmental Protection agency said that the family may have fallen ill because of the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa . Elias Rodriguez said preliminary tests showed there was ` a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying ' . Methyl Bromide , which is odorless , can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system , according to the EPA . It is acutely toxic , and only permitted to be used outdoors by certified professionals in the US . Rodriguez said the investigation is ` ongoing ' and the agency is still on the island for testing . The family was staying at the $ 875-a-night Sirenusa Condominium Resort on St. John in the US Virgin Islands . ` We have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling , ' he said . Sea Glass Vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa Condominium Resort , said the unit where the family was staying was not treated with a pesticide , but rather the unit immediately below their suite . Maron said when paramedics arrived at the villa Esmond was found unconscious . His sons and wife were having seizures . The US Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter . On Friday the US Environmental Protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was ` a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying '