No gilet ; no problem for Tim Sherwood . Make no bones about it , the Aston Villa manager enjoyed this victory . Beating the club who ruthlessly relieved him of his duties last summer , on their home patch , as his side took a giant step towards Premier League survival -- it does not get much better than that . He knew it , too , ecstatically saluting the Villa faithful with both fists clenched at the final whistle before shaking Mauricio Pochettino 's hand . Christian Benteke heads Aston Villa into the lead against Tottenham in the 35th minute of the game . Benteke celebrates the goal that gave Tim Sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half . Benteke continued his fine form for Villa from Tuesday , where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers . Benteke -LRB- second left -RRB- is mobbed by his Villa team-mates after scoring the opening goal against Tottenham . Benteke points to the sky as he led the Villa attack against Tottenham in the Premier League . Tottenham Hotspur : Vorm 6 ; Chriches 4.5 -LRB- Yedlin 79 -RRB- , Dier 6 , Fazio 6.5 , Rose 6.5 , Mason 6.5 , Bentaleb 6.5 ; Townsend 5.5 -LRB- Lamela 79 -RRB- , Eriksen 6 , Chadli 5.5 -LRB- Soldado 62 , 5 -RRB- ; Kane 6.5 . Subs not used : Paulinho , Friedel , Stambouli , Davies . Booked : Bentaleb , Rose , Lamela . Aston Villa : Guzan 7.5 ; Bacuna 7.5 , Clark 6 -LRB- Baker 18 , 7.5 -RRB- , Vlaar 8 , Richardson 7 ; Sanchez 7 , Cleverley 7 , Delph 8 ; Agbonlahor 7 -LRB- Cole 70 , 6.5 -RRB- , Benteke 8.5 , Grealish 7 -LRB- Weimann 63 , 6.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Okore , N'Zogbia , Given , Lowton . Booked : Benteke , Richardson . Sent-off : Sanchez . Goal : Benteke , 35 . Referee : Lee Probert . Att : 35,687 . MOM : Benteke . The Premier League standings after Villa 's victory over Totteham . Sportsmail 's Match Zone shows the pattern of play which led to Benteke 's goal . Sherwood went back for more , striding on to the pitch he called home last season for another double-fisted celebration as Villa supporters cheered wildly . All this without his trademark body-warmer on a mild day in north London . ` This is my most satisfying victory as a manager , because it 's at such an important stage of the season and no-one gave us a chance , ' said Sherwood . ` This week I 've had so many people tell me , `` You ca n't win at White Hart Lane , Villa never win there '' . ` I 've been in the pressure of a title race as a player , but this is worse . When you 're a player you only think about yourself . As a manager you 've got the expectations of the whole club -- and this is n't a little club , it 's massive . ' Villa manager Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points upon the final whistle . Leandro Bacuna -LRB- centre -RRB- of Villa reacts to missing a chance to get on the scoresheet against Tottenham . Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- greets Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino before the start of the Premier League encounter . Villa midfield player Tom Cleverley -LRB- left -RRB- takes the ball past Tottenham 's Christian Eriksen . Nabil Bentaleb -LRB- left -RRB- of Tottenham challenges Jack Grealish of Villa for possession in the first half . Villa midfielder Carlos Sanchez was sent off for committing a second bookable offence in the final exchanges against Tottenham . As for Tottenham , they can kiss the idea of Champions League football goodbye after this lacklustre defeat . This display suggests they do not deserve a top-four finish . Federico Fazio , alongside Eric Dier in central defence , was handed the unenviable task of taming Christian Benteke after Jan Vertonghen missed out through illness . The Belgian striker 's run of seven goals in five games had given Villa 's survival hopes a shot in the arm . By the final whistle Fazio was probably wishing Vertonghen had taken a shot of something to cure his illness as the brilliant Benteke fired Villa to victory . Spurs carved out the first clear-cut chance in the 27th minute , Brad Guzan saving well after Harry Kane had played in Danny Rose down the left . That was as good as it got for Tottenham , though , as Benteke 's influence grew . Crowd reaction . All was going well until his exuberant celebrations at the final whistle , which prompted an angry reaction from the home fans in the West Stand but he merely shook his fist at them and disappeared down the tunnel . Got an easy ride during the game , though , and gave the Villa fans a wave after they asked for one in the 16th minute . Touchline behaviour . The spring weather allowed to him leave his gilet indoors so there were no flying jackets this time . He did not leave his seat until the eighth minute then remained standing for the most part . Little more than a subtle fist pump when Christian Benteke scored the winner but his emotions poured out at the final whistle . Told someone on the Spurs bench to ` shut the f *** up ' as tempers flared in stoppage time . Tactics . Sherwood has shown once again that he knows how to get a striker scoring . Benteke , who fronted a three-pronged attack , scored the winner before the manager set his side up perfectly to deal with the second-half Spurs fightback , although it never seemed to come . Verdict . Low-key return for Sherwood who nailed the game plan and left with three precious points . Looks a different , more relaxed man , although he showed a glimpse of the old Tim at the final whistle . Villa striker Benteke shoots at goal in an attempt to score his second goal of the game against Tottenham . Andros Townsend -LRB- centre -RRB- of Tottenham takes the ball beyond Kieran Richardson -LRB- left -RRB- as Villa captain Fabian Delph looks on . Tottenham striker Harry Kane -LRB- right -RRB- takes on Ron Vlaar of Villa in an attempt to get his team back into the game . Nathan Baker -LRB- right -RRB- a substitute for Villa , slides in against Kane and wins the ball . Grealish -LRB- right -RRB- jostles for possession of the ball alongside Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches . Townsend -LRB- centre -RRB- leaps over a challenge from Kieran Richardson as Tottenham battled against Villa . Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan -LRB- centre -RRB- leads the celebrations with the away supporters at the final whistle . Gabriel Agbonlahor should have been allowed to go one on one with Michel Vorm as he sprung Tottenham 's offside trap , but he was wrongly flagged in the 31st minute . The decision sparked the first animated complaint from Sherwood , who had been unusually subdued to that point . Four minutes later , Sherwood was back on his feet . Not in anger this time , but in delight . If Villa preserve their top-flight status they will owe it to Benteke . They will also have Spurs defender Vlad Chiriches -- filling in at right back for the injured Kyle Walker -- to thank . The Romanian , who has been a peripheral figure for Pochettino , was having an uncomfortable afternoon , and the home fans were letting him know it , too . Chiriches 's carelessness led to Villa 's winner . After he sloppily conceded possession around 10 yards outside his area , the ball eventually fell to Bacuna , from whose cross Benteke out-jumped Fazio and directed his header past Vorm . Villa deserved their lead ; without being easy on the eye , there was an intensity to their game that Tottenham could not handle . And in first-half stoppage time they very nearly doubled their advantage . Not for the first time , a long pass found Benteke , whose header released Agbonlahor , who cut inside Dier before watching his low drive from the edge of the area hit the post . Any faint hopes Pochettino still harboured of a top-four finish were fading fast . Tottenham did step up the tempo in the second half ; Rose and Kane both went close with speculative efforts . But if Benteke was Villa 's first-half hero , their central-defensive partnership of Ron Vlaar and Nathan Baker took the honours after the break as Sherwood 's men soaked up the pressure . Tottenham midfield player Ryan Mason -LRB- left -RRB- holds off Grealish as he tries to get Spurs back into the game . Tottenham 's temporary captain Kane -LRB- left -RRB- is closed down in possession of the ball by Grealish . Gabriel Agbonlahor winces after getting a knock in Villa 's game at Tottenham on Saturday . Pochettino made a double switch 11 minutes from time : Erik Lamela replaced Andros Townsend and DeAndre Yedlin came on for his Spurs debut in place of Chiriches , who departed to ironic applause . But it was Villa who missed two glorious chances to wrap up victory , Vlaar and Fabian Delph spurning gilt-edged opportunities in the closing stages . To add to Sherwood 's anxiety , Villa had to play the final few minutes with 10 men after Carlos Sanchez picked up a second yellow card for a late challenge on Rose . The match descended into farce as both teams were involved in a melee just before the final whistle . Soon afterwards , though , Sherwood and Villa erupted .