Eight animals are dead , including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson , after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma . Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile ` boiled to death ' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park , News OK reports . The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment Schreibvogel used to record his independently produced television show , JoeExotic TV . Alligators : At least one of Michael Jackson 's alligators -LRB- photographed -RRB- from his Neverland Ranch died ina fire at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma . Escaped : Eight animals died in the fire that destroyed two reptiles enclosures and one alligator reportedly escaped . ` This was personal , ' he told News OK . ` They targeted the studio to shut me up . They wanted to get me off the air ... or else they would 've targeted something else -LSB- in the Park -RSB- . ' In addition to destroying the two reptile enclosures , the fire also destroyed a video production studio . Garvin County Sheriff Larry Rhodes told KJRH that the fire was arson and most likely an attempt to cover up a burglary or theft . Only one alligator escaped the blaze . KJRH reports that one alligator that reportedly belonged to the self-proclaimed King of Pop suffered severe smoke inhalation but is in recovery . Destroyed : Not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment Joe Schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , used to record his independently produced television show , JoeExotic TV . Arson : Officials say an arson investigator has not officially declared the incident a case of arson , but has ruled out other likely causes like electrical issues and lightning from recent storms in the area . All Times : Schreibvogel said that , despite the fire , the park will remain open but armed security guards will be on duty at all times . Schreibvogel told News OK he is often targeted by animal rights groups and extremists , calling them ` animal terroristst . ' He said it is an ` ongoing pattern , ' noting that he has received threats before . ` It is more of disgust , ' He told KJRH of his feelings toward the incident . ` If somebody has an issue with the zoo or an issue with me personally then take it up with me . ` These animals did n't deserved to be burned to death . ' Rhodes told News OK that an arson investigator has not officially declared the incident a case of arson , but has ruled out other likely causes like electrical issues and lightning from recent storms in the area . King of Pop : After the worldwide mega-star died in 2009 , the animals that made up his massive menagerie were spread across the U.S. to animals preserves , sanctuaries , and animal enthusiasts . No one has been arrested or charged in the case . Schreibvogel , who reportedly filed for bankruptcy in 2013 , said repairs will cost $ 250,000 . After the worldwide mega-star died in 2009 , the animals that made up his massive menagerie were spread across the U.S. to animals preserves , sanctuaries , and animal enthusiasts . Jackson 's alligators were taken to the Park along with his albino Python named Madonna , the Telegraph reports . ` The building can be replaced , ' Schreibvogel told KXII , ` the equipment can be replaced , but Michael Jackson 's alligators can not be replaced . ' Schreibvogel said that , despite the fire , the park will remain open but armed security guards will be on duty at all times .