Embattled Kim Richards stormed out of an interview with Dr Phil McGraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism , Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal . The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ` F *** ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Tarnished star : Kim Richards leaving the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , where she had an emotionally-charged interview with Dr Phil McGraw after her arrest last week . Her sister Kathy is seen behind . In denial : The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . Richards , 50 , was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and battery on a police officer . Three of Richards ' children , Brooke , 29 , Chad , 22 and Kimberly , 20 , who were there to support their mother , were shell-shocked by their mom 's outburst , struggling to control their emotions as she left the explosive interview . Daughter Whitney , 23 , was not at the luxury Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills for the interview . But Richards , 50 , arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and battery on a police officer following a drunken incident at the Beverly Hills Hotel , demonstrated she is clearly in denial over her problems . Daily Mail Online can reveal that when Richards fled from the room , the star 's son Chad was overheard talking to his mom pleading with her to go in to rehab . He revealed the star is battling more demons , including taking pills and smoking pot on top of her relapse into drinking . An eyewitness at the hotel told Daily Mail Online : ` Kim insisted that any program had to fit her needs , saying she would n't go out of state , wanted to do a 30-day not 60-day program , did n't want to miss her daughter Brooke 's wedding in May and was worried about being away from Monty . ' Kim 's ex-husband Monty Brinson - who is battling lung , brain and spine cancer - continues to lean on her for support . First husband Monty , father to eldest child Brooke , has stage 4 cancer and has been living with Kim . Tears streaming down her face , a determined Richards ran down the hall leaving onlookers stunned . She fled toward her own hotel suite where an entourage of friends was waiting . Elder sister Kathy Hilton was also there . She was overheard angrily ranting : ` You can forget this whole thing , here 's your microphone I 'm done , I 'm leaving , I wan na talk to my family . The observer said : ` She was really angry and made it clear she was done . ' Richards ' daughter Brooke ran after her mom after she exited and they were heard arguing . Richards told her daughter : ` I 'm not going down there , I 'm not going for three months and I 'm not going to miss your wedding . ' But Brooke asked her mom to please work the program . She was overheard to say it 's on the beach , it 's local and she would be able to go to Brooke 's wedding . ` What 's the big deal ? , ' Brooke yelled . ` Why do you have to be so f *** ing picky , just go get the help you need . You have to do this mom . ' But Richards insisted she 's happy to see her own doctor and therapist . She hit back telling Brooke was making her anxious . ` I 'm not going back in there , I 'm done . ' She said she whatever she did would be with her family . ` I 'm not drinking every day , ' she was overheard to shout . Brooke was followed to the hotel suite by her siblings Kimberley and Chad . Support system : Kim with her son Chad and daughter Kimberly , who were at the session to support their mom . Bride-to-be : Brooke , Kim 's oldest child who is getting married next month , was also there for her mother . Richards in Los Angeles following her arrest during a drunken incident at the Beverly Hills Hotel . ` The children urged their mom to return to the interview , but she would n't budge , ' said the eyewitness . ` Kim was furious . She had a complete melt down ' This outburst was followed by Chad unwittingly revealing further demons his mom is battling . He told his mom that while she he was n't saying she was drinking every day she was still drinking once in a while - and taking pills and smoking pot . After things calmed down Dr Phil stopped by Richards ' room . Richards , who seemed a lot calmer , rambled : ` I do respect you and admire you ... I do trust you , I do n't know you , but I know you , so I can trust you and my kids trust you . ' She said she needed to speak with her life-coach and doctor before making a decision on her treatment and added that she needed to think about it . Dr Phil told her he was sorry if it does n't work out . ` I think you guys -LRB- her children -RRB- agree right ? ' He was overheard to say . ` I want to do it , I just need to be in a safe place and need to know where I 'm going , ' she was overheard saying . Urging her not to make any more excuses , ` I think you 've covered them all , ' he added : ` Do n't cheat yourself , do n't cheat your kids , just remember I told you that . ' Since she first appeared on the hit reality show in 2010 , Richards ' sobriety has been her major storyline , with her recent relapse driving a wedge between Kim and sister Kyle 's already strained relationship . She claimed on the show that she only had one incident , when she was in a great deal of pain from an ulcer and Monty gave her a mystery pill to help as she had to go film early in the season . The resulting slurred speech and drunken-seeming antics at a ladies poker night galvanized the women on the show . And the marijuana revelation by Chad is new one , and follows a Housewives trip to Amsterdam later in the season where all the ladies except Kim went to a coffee shop to try edible marijuana . Kyle refused to try it on camera , but Brandi said Kim 's sister does smoke pot recreationally . Kim loudly abstained from the whole marijuana situation and said she was maintaining her sobriety . Meanwhile , it has been reported that the former child star may be booted off the Bravo show as producers feel she has become a liability due to her issues with substance abuse . Expect the fireworks when Kim appear with Dr. Phil McGraw on his show next Tuesday , April 28 . Kim was arrested for at the swanky Polo Lounge at the famed Beverly Hills Hotel . Sibling revelry : Do n't let the smiles fool you . The sisters have had major issues over Kim 's drinking problem . TMZ alleges that Bravo is concerned that due to the nature of the show , they could be held accountable if something was to happen to Kim . There have been no permanent decisions made however , according to the gossip site . The next season of RHOBH has a few months before production picks up again so the final decision has yet to be concrete . Currently , Kim is scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 . According to the Richards family friend , Kim 's drunken actions were brought on after watching the three-part reunion for the seventh season , which left her ` distraught ' and ` very embarrassed ' . But that was n't the only cause . ` A big part of all of this is that she is just stressed out , ' the pal explained . ` She is under a lot of pressure , especially because of Monty . ' Dr Phil 's interview with Richards is set to air on April 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest .