A New York detective has been suspended after being accused of robbing a store while colleagues were arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes . The manager of the deli in Brooklyn said Detective Ian Cyrus , who has been suspended without pay , was caught on camera stealing cash . His supervisor has been placed on desk duty . Scroll down for video . Caught on camera : On viewing the CCTV security cameras , the store manager said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter , and Detective Ian Cyrus grabbing a handful of it . Mr Abdullah said Detective Ian Cyrus then bends down and when he stands up , he appears to put the money in his coat pocket . Five New York Police Department -LRB- NYPD -RRB- detectives went to the Brooklyn store on Friday April 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes , according to ABC7 Eyewitness News . Officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence . Manager Ali Abdullah , who was not in the shop at the time , was given a receipt from the police the following day saying $ 593 had been seized , but he realised $ 2,650 in store rent money was missing . On viewing the CCTV security cameras , he said Detective Cyrus grabbed a handful of cash from the rent money box under the counter . Mr Abdullah said the detective then bends down and when he stands up , he appears to put the money in his coat pocket . ` I look at my system , I see the officer took the money , ' Mr Abdullah told the news channel . ` It 's crazy . ' He said he called a nearby police department , who sent a supervisor to look at the video . Mr Abdullah claims the supervisor said : ` He 's going to lose his pension , lose his life , for $ 2,600 ? ' NYPD Deputy Commissioner Stephen Davis told MailOnline : ` Based on the nature of the allegations in this incident , in addition to the video provided to us , the NYPD has placed one detective on suspension and one supervisor on modified assignment status pending further investigation into the matter . ` Detective Ian Cyrus 49 , assigned to Brooklyn North Narcotics has been suspended . Sergeant Fritz Glemaud 44 , assigned to Brooklyn North Narcotics has been placed on modified assignment . ' A person who answered the phone at Detective Cyrus ' home would not comment when contacted by ABC7 Eyewitness News . Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty . NYPD detectives were at the store in Brooklyn , New York arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes .