` Heartless ' : Alice Kovach-Suehn , 56 , was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89 lbs . A Florida woman starved a 96-year-old man in her care until he resembled a concentration camp prisoner and fed him dog excrement , according to police and the victim 's doctors . Alice Kovach-Suehn , 56 , from Apopka , was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89 lbs . Apopka Police Sgt Ed Chittenden said it was one of the worst cases of abuse he 's ever witnessed over the course of his 18-year career in law enforcement . According to an arrest report , the senior in Kovach-Suehn 's care was discovered covered in filth and severely emaciated . The 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces . ' By the time police rescued him , the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together . ` He was skin and bones , ' Chittenden described to the station WESH-TV . Kovach-Suehn was arrested after she brought the half-starved man in her care to Florida Hospital complaining of digestive issues . The staff there were so struck by his condition they contacted the state Department of Children and Families . Scroll down for video . Mistreated : The senior in Kovach-Suehn 's care was discovered covered in filth and emaciated . The 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces ' A doctor at the hospital said the 96-year-old Floridian looked as if he has emerged from the Auschwitz death camp , and another physician called the abuse ` homicide by starvation . ' When offered food at the hospital , Sgt Chittenden said ` he ate like a starving dog ' and , ultimately , he had to be spoon-fed . Police believe Ms Kovach-Suehn , who was the senior 's legal caretaker and had power-of-attorney , may have been deliberately starving the elderly man to get his money . The victim told investigators he was afraid of Kovach-Suehn and claimed she was trying to get his trust fund in her name , but he was resisting her efforts . Scheme : Police believe Ms Kovach-Suehn , who was the senior 's legal caretaker and had power-of-attorney , may have been deliberately starving the elderly man to get his money . When questioned by police , the woman denied claims of starvation and insisted that she fed the senior in her care well . She also pointed a finger of blame at the man 's family , accusing them of refusing to look after him , reported WFTV . DCF case workers said they had visited Kovach-Suehn 's home a few months ago to check up on the man but she denied them entry . Kovach-Suehn was released from jail Saturday after posting $ 5,000 bond . When the 96-year-old recovers enough to be released from the hospital , DCF will place him in a shelter .