Teresa Sheldon has appeared in court charged with murdering son Tommy -LRB- pictured -RRB- and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the car . The mother of a five-year-old boy who died from fatal burns caused in a horrific car fire has been charged with his murder and the attempted murder of another child who managed to escape the flames . Teresa Sheldon , 38 , from Dartford , Kent , has appeared in court charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta . Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley , near Winchester in Hampshire . Two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they spotted the little boy still inside the car . The pair bravely battled against the intensity of the flames and managed to open one of the doors of the car to reach Tommy . The schoolboy was treated at the scene before being taken to Southampton General Hospital and on to a specialist burns unit in Bristol . His mother was also taken to hospital for treatment after suffering serious injuries in the fire on August 11 last year . Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy , from Southampton , died from his injuries on August 25 . Another child who was in the silver-coloured car managed to escape and survived . An inquest was opened in September by Central Hampshire Coroner Grahame Short but was adjourned while detectives from Hampshire police 's major crime team launched a murder inquiry . Sheldon has been charged with her son 's murder along with manslaughter by diminished responsibility . She also faces a charge of the attempted murder of the other child , who can not be identified for legal reasons . Judge Keith Cutler remanded Sheldon , who gave her address as Dartford , Kent , in custody at the hearing at Winchester Crown Court . She is due back before the crown court in June . Sheldon is also charged with the attempted murder of another child who was in the Ford Fiesta -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy , from Southampton , died from his injuries on August 25 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .