Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war . They believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe - may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683 . In a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists . The researchers described it as a ` sunken ship in the desert ' . Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of an ` alien ' 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war . They believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe - may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683 . Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid -- a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time . ` The partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle , ' said Alfred Galik , a researcher at the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna . ` But one look at the cervical vertebrae , the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel . ' The camel was male , around seven years old and most likely castrated . The camel was male , around seven years old and most likely castrated . Along with DNA evidence , the shape of the animal 's skull indicated it was a hybrid . The cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the Ottoman army during the Siege of Vienna in 1683 . Pictured are various views of the camel 's metacarpus , which is part of its legs . The battle that took place on 11 September 1683 after Vienna had been seiged by the Ottoman Empire for two months . It was won by the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation against the invading Ottoman Empire . Historians claim the battle marked the turning-point in the Ottoman -- Habsburg wars , a 300-year struggle between the Holy Roman Empire and the Ottoman Empire . The loot that fell into the hands of the Holy League troops and the Viennese was large . King John Sobieski vividly described in a letter to his wife a few days after the battle : . ` Ours are treasures unheard of ... tents , sheep , cattle and no small number of camels ... it is victory as nobody ever knew before . ' Galik and his team also said the cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the Ottoman army during the Siege of Vienna in 1683 . The remarkable find was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town . If modern-day scientists were stumped by the find , it would have been an even greater shock for residents of 17th-century Tulln . ` The animal was certainly exotic for the people of Tulln . They probably did n't know what to feed it or whether one could eat it , ' Galik said . While Roman-era camel bones occasionally surface in Austria , Serbia and Belgium , the Tulln discovery was the first complete camel skeleton to emerge in Central Europe . ` This means that the animal was not killed and then butchered . It may have been acquired as part of an exchange , ' said Galik . The remarkable find was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town . Pictured the camel 's shoulder blades . In addition to horses , the Ottoman army also used camels for transportation and as riding animals . In cases of scarcity , the soldiers also ate the animal 's flesh . The camel was likely used in the 1683 Battle of Vienna , which took place on 11 September after Vienna had been seiged by the Ottoman Empire for two months . It was won by the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation against the invading Ottoman Empire . Historians claim the battle marked the turning-point in the Ottoman -- Habsburg wars , a 300-year struggle between the Holy Roman Empire and the Ottoman Empire . The loot that fell into the hands of the Holy League troops and the Viennese was large . King John Sobieski vividly described in a letter to his wife a few days after the battle : . ` Ours are treasures unheard of ... tents , sheep , cattle and no small number of camels ... it is victory as nobody ever knew before . ' In a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists . The researchers described it as a ` sunken ship in the desert ' . The find was made it the town of Tulln . Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian -LRB- pictured -RRB- - dromedary hybrid -- a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time .