Finding discounted flights tends to be hit or miss for most vacationers , but one savvy traveler has managed to plan out an entire two-month trip that will barely cost him a cent . Scott Keyes , a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights , stopping by 13 countries along the way in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service . All this for free . Scroll down for video . Scott Keyes -LRB- above -RRB- , a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America . Dayton , Ohio - Dallas , Fort Worth - 861 miles . Dallas , Forth Worth - Mexico City - 935 miles . Oaxaca , Mexico - Mexico City - 228 miles . Mexico City - Managua , Nicaragua - 994 miles . Managua - Panama City - 507 miles . Panama City - Port of Spain , Trinidad - 1234 miles . Port of Spain - St Lucia 217 miles . St Lucia - St George 's , Grenada - 131 miles . St George 's - Miami - 1535 miles . Miami - Dusseldorf , Germany , 4733 miles . Dusseldorf - Dresden , Germany , 304 miles . Prague , Czech Rep - Vienna , Austria , 173 miles . Vienna - Kiev , Ukraine , 665 miles . Lvov , Ukraine - Vienna , 356 miles . Vienna - Sofia , Bulgaria , 500 miles . Sofia - Vienna , 500 miles . Vienna - Vilnius , Lithuania , 587 miles . Vilnius - Helsinki , Finland , 393 miles . Helsinki - Berlin , Germany , 697 miles . Berlin - Chicago , 4412 miles . Chicago - Dayton , 240 miles . Total : 20205 miles . Keyes decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from Oaxaca , Mexico , where he has lived for the past year , to return home to the United States and get back to full time work . So he rounded up all his airline miles , and the points he had acquired on his 25 credit cards . In the end , he was able to book a vacation with stops in Mexico , Nicaragua , Trinidad , St. Lucia , Grenada , Germany , Czech Republic , Ukraine , Bulgaria , Greece , Macedonia , Lithuania , and Finland without having to pay more than a few dollars on any of the flights . He will also be in the United States a few times , but just to catch connection flights . In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together , which also includes free hotels , at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles . ` It 's tough when you have a job and you have to ask your boss for time off , ' Keyes told Business Insider . ` You only have a limited time off and then you spend a lot of that traveling . I figured while I 'm in a position where I do n't have a 9-to-5 , I might as well take advantage . ' In fact , Keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two eBooks detailing his strategies : How to Fly for Free and How to Find Free Flights . And the easiest way is a bit more obvious than many might think . ` If your ultimate goal is to be able to find as cheap a flight as possible and go somewhere cool for not much money then starting with an open , blank slate and going wherever there 's a cheap flight right now is going to be your best bet , ' said Keyes . The young man posts photos from his trips on his Instagram account . Keyes is seen posing in front of the famed Materhorn on a previous trip , which straddles the border of Switzerland and Italy . Striking up a pose : Keyes at a Mexican wrestling match -LRB- left -RRB- and enjoying a hike -LRB- right -RRB- . Keyes poses while rafting down Sumidero Canyon which is located near the city of Chiapa de Corzo in Mexico . Wading into the waters of Hierve el agua in Oaxaca , Mexico , rock formations and the remnants of old geysers . This strategy has certainly worked for the young man as he has logged an impressive 354,000 miles in the sky while visiting 30 countries over the course of his lifetime . This next trip will increase that number to 42 countries . ` Just gon na go to the market for a pig 's head ' : Keyes at a Mexican butcher shop -LRB- left -RRB- and camping on the beach -LRB- right -RRB- in Hawaii . Those credit cards meanwhile come in handy during those long layovers thanks to the access they provide to private lounges were travelers like Keyes can enjoy free food and drinks , hop online and even grab a quick shower . ` I 've got a nice work space , food , drinks , some Wi-Fi . This is like this whole other world , ' said Keyes during a layover in Dallas , Texas as he sat in the American Express lounge . Even better , Keyes explains that the more you look for discounts , the better you become a finding and anticipating airline deals . ` It 's not necessarily easy or intuitive for beginners , ' he said . ` But the good news is that because if you do a little bit of leg work -- learn how to get a few miles and how to use them well -- you can start to travel really , really well . '