CNN 's Dr Sanjay Gupta has abandoned his journalistic duties to scrub up and perform brain surgery on a teenager in an overstretched hospital in Nepal . The neurosurgeon , who is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday 's deadly earthquake , performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl , Sandhya Chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside . Sandhya , who lives in a more remote area of the country , only reached Kathmandu 's Bir Hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point , blood had collected in the top of her brain , CNN reported . Scroll down for video . Put to work : Dr Sanjay Gupta -LRB- second left -RRB- , the chief medical correspondent for CNN , was asked by a Nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15-year-girl who was injured in the earthquake . Quick-thinking : Gupta , center at the hospital , said the girl was just one of many people walking through the doors with head injuries at the overstretched hospital . More than 6,000 people were injured . ` I was asked to do this by the doctors there at the hospital , ' Dr Gupta said during a telephone interview with the network . ` I think they literally need another set of hands because the demand is so high . ' During the procedure , he was forced to used basic equipment , such as a saw rather than an electric drill , and sterile water and iodine from a bottle , rather than a proper scrub sink , he told CNN . Following the operation , she is ` doing well ' , Gupta said , ` but her story is unfortunately very typical ' . After the surgery , an eight-year-old girl arrived at the hospital needing a similar operation . More than 4,300 people are believed to have been killed in the earthquake , but Nepalese officials have speculated that as many as 10,000 could have died . Around 6,000 have been injured and are pouring into the hospitals , which are struggling to keep up with the demand . ` I 've seen a lot of situations around the world , and this is as bad as I 've ever seen it , ' Gupta said . Hurt : Another child with a similar head injury , pictured , came to the hospital shortly after the operation . Helping hand : As well as working for CNN , Gupta is a neurosurgeon at Emory Healthcare in Atlanta . ` They need more resources , they need more personnel here right now , and they 're expecting many more patients as these rescue operations go on . They 're barely able to keep up right now . ' As well as serving as CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Gupta is a neurosurgeon at Emory Healthcare in Atlanta . It is not the first time the married father-of-three , 45 , has performed surgery while on a reporting job . In 2003 , while covering the medical demands of the invasion of Iraq , he performed emergency surgery on U.S. soldiers and Iraqi civilians . And while reporting in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake , he and other doctors removed a piece of concrete from a 12-year-old girl 's skull aboard aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson . See below for video .