A personal trainer who claims to have helped Gwen Stefani get into shape hit a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood , a court has hard . Mike Heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on Fiona McCartney outside a nightclub in Edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette . Heatlie , from Edinburgh , was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train Stefani before her 2009 U.S tour . At the time , she described him as ` Superman ' . Personal trainer Mike Heatlie , 42 , -LRB- left -RRB- , who claims to have previously work with Gwen Stefani , launched the violent attack on Fiona McCartney , 43 , -LRB- right -RRB- outside a nightclub in Edinburgh . But Ms McCartney is now facing a £ 7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer . He pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court in March to the attack . He is due to appear again on April 22 for sentencing . Speaking for the first time about the attack , Ms McCartney , a legal PA from Greenbank in Edinburgh , said : ` I used to love going out on Saturday nights . But since the attack I have been very wary and like to be home by a certain time . ` I do n't like to go out to nightclubs now and I get very panicky in crowds after this unprovoked attack . ` I 'm on sleeping tablets from a doctor because I do n't sleep at all . I still have this constant reminder and feel I ca n't move on because I still have the injuries from that night . I 'm reminded every day of this attack . ' Ms McCartney said the incident unfolded after Heatlie approached her while she was with a friend outside The Jam House club in March last year . The Edinburgh-based trainer apparently worked on and off with the No Doubt singer -LRB- pictured -RRB- since 1997 . A testimony which claims to be from Stefani appears on Heatlie 's website , which describes him as ` completely passionate ' and a ` wonderful motivator ' He asked the pair for a cigarette but neither woman had one to give him . He then lashed out and punched her , she said . Ms McCartney said she still suffers from numbness and aching in her mouth . She is also due to have expensive and painful dental work , over the next few months . Heatlie -LRB- pictured above -RRB- pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack . Speaking about the incident , Heatlie said : ` This was an unfortunate incident that occurred last year . ` I have been in touch with Ms McCartney and the situation is now very amicable and both parties , I 'm sure , would like to move on from it . ' In a text message , which Ms McCartney said had been sent by Heatlie to her partner , the trainer wrote : ` Please pass on my sincerest apologies to your partner Fiona , I wanted to get in touch but obviously could n't with the case proceedings . ` This incident , that I have virtually no memory of , has turned my life upside down and I ca n't imagine how it has impacted Fiona 's . ` I am so sorry , this is completely out of character for me , I 've never been involved in a violent incident in my adult life . ' Heatlie used an endorsement from Stefani to help promote his new studio when it opened six years ago . At the time , she described Heatlie as being ` completely passionate about health and fitness ' . She said : ` I 'm so happy for Mike that he 's opening his own studio . I know it will be a huge success . I ca n't wait to start working with him again in preparation for our summer tour . ` Mike is completely passionate about health and fitness and is a wonderful motivator . ` He is tireless , compassionate and makes working out something to look forward to . He is the Superman of my tour . '