Marcelo insists Real Madrid 's this season 's meetings with local rivals Atletico Madrid will have no bearing on the outcome of their Champions League quarter-final tie . The reigning champions face Diego Simeone 's side at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night in the first leg of the last eight clash having failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts this season . Carlo Ancelotti 's side lost both La Liga matches against Atletico this season - 2-1 at the Bernabeu before a humiliating 4-0 away defeat - and have also been beaten twice and held to two draws in the Spanish Supper Cup and the Copa del Rey . Marcelo says Real Madrid 's failure to beat Atletico in six attempts this season will have no affect on their Champions League quarter-final tie . Marcelo and Cristiano Ronaldo looked relaxed in training on Monday ahead of Tuesday 's first leg . Brazil international Marcelo faces the media on Monday ahead of Tuesday 's match at Vicente Calderon . But Brazil international Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form against Tuesday 's opponents . ` We have played against Atletico a lot and something always changes , ' Marcelo told reporters at a press conference on Monday . There are no favourites in a match like this . We will give everything on the pitch without thinking about previous games . ' ` They are a great team . They never stop fighting and they are very intense . But we are not thinking about the last games against them . Now is completely different . We have two games to show that we can beat them . ' Ronaldo and Bale leave the field dejected after Real Madrid were beaten 4-0 by Atletico in February . The last time Real Madrid beat their local rivals was in the Champions League final last season . Carlo Ancelotti and Marcelo task questions at the pre-match press conference . ` We have to go out and give everything on the pitch this time . We will have to be very intense . We will have to fight . These derbies are very difficult . ' The last time Real beat Atletico was in last season 's Champions League final when Sergio Ramos scored in the 93rd minute to take the game to extra-time , before Gareth Bale , Marcelo and Cristiano Ronaldo made it 4-1 . ` I do n't know how many times we have spoken about Ramos ' Decima goal this week , ' Marcelo added . ` I was available for the final and I never lost faith in helping the team . That 's what happened and I was able to help the team win the Champions League . I consider myself very important in this team . '