Jose Mourinho claims Eden Hazard has joined Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the best three players in world football . Hazard scored Chelsea 's 38th minute winner against Manchester United and is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year on Sunday . Mourinho said : ` He 's a kid , but he knows that he is one of the three best players in the world - he is coping with that responsibility . Eden Hazard has been named ` one of the three best players in the world ' by his manager Jose Mourinho . Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season and scored the winner against Manchester United . Hazard 's goal in the 1-0 victory over United extends Chelsea 's lead at the top of the Premier League table . Mourinho has praised the Belgian 's exceptional talent and also his unwavering humility amid his success . ` I had lots of stars . Hopefully in every club I worked I had stars . But he is the humble star , yes . He is the humble star . ` He 's getting strong . Physically , mentally he 's getting very , very strong . He understands his role . ` The day before the game I told him : ` This game we will never lose . Never . ' ` But we needed to win . He understands clearly that especially in a moment where the team does n't have all its power , he understands when the game becomes strategically . ` He understands that his talent is fundamental for the team . He was there for us and almost a second goal when he hit the post . ' Hazard also believes he is having the best season of his career as Chelsea close in on the Barclays Premier League title . The Chelsea winger said : ` I 'm playing my best season ever . With my experience , I succeed to manage the strong and weak moments in a game better . ` Last year I played a good season , but I disappeared in some games . ` This season I ca n't really remind a game where I really was n't into . It 's impossible to be top in 40 or 50 games in a season , but I 've been the best player of the team for several times . ` My stats ? People are talking more about me , but what pleases me the most , is that I 'm doing better than last season . ' Hazard , still only 24-years-old , is being hotly tipped to claim the PFA Player of the Year award this season .