Some see the addition of Jimmy Graham to the Seattle Seahawks ' offense as one of the best moves of free agency , but Michael Bennett still thinks he 's overrated . Bennett labelled the tight end ` soft ' and ` overrated ' , not to mention adding that ` he did n't like him as a person or a player ' , after Seattle 's playoff win over the Saints two years ago . And now that Graham 's on board to seemingly add a genuine red zone threat to Darrell Bevell 's predominantly ground and pound offense , the defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate . ` I still feel the same way , ' Bennett told 710 ESPN Seattle . Michael Bennett rides a policeman 's bike after the Seahawks ' famous NFC Championship win over Green Bay . Bennett tackles Eddie Lacy as the Seahawks bounced back from 16-7 with just over two minutes remaining . Jimmy Graham signed a deal with Seattle which gives Russell Wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at . ` Just because he 's on my team I do n't stop feeling that way . Obviously I 'm going to be a better team-mate to him because he 's on my team . I ca n't do the things I was doing to him when we were playing him . ' Bennett did soften a little , adding : ` Obviously , I 'm going to be a better team-mate to him because he 's on my team . I ca n't do the things I was doing to him when we were playing him . ` When he comes to our team , he 's a part of our team . We have a different philosophy than they have with the Saints so the things that he was expected to do -LSB- with -RSB- the Saints are going to be different when he comes here . Obviously , we 're a running team , so he 's going to have to block and do all those things . ` I do n't feel as harsh as I did at the time because he 's my team-mate now , but at the time he was on the opposite team , a team that we played that was pretty good and we battled with them a couple times , and I did n't really like that team . ' Bennett came on the airwaves to address rumours that he had asked for a trade to join former defensive co-ordinator Dan Quinn at the Atlanta Falcons . ` I never asked for it . I did n't come to them asking for a trade . I 'm still trying to figure out how a guy from Dallas make up a story about me . I 'm living in Seattle , I 'm like , `` How does that happen ? '' ' ` I 'm in Hawaii surfing , got the kids surfing in the ocean and they are talking about something else . The story was broken by Clarence Hill of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , and it appeared to vex the ebullient Bennett , who added : ` Man , like I said , they made rumours about Jesus , they 'll make rumours about anybody . ' Bennett will come face-to-face with Graham on April 20 when the Seahawks begin their official off-season training programme .