When most think of Ford , its ubiquitous Fiesta and Focus spring to mind . But in a bid to shed its image as the home of the mundane run-around , the company has launched its very own supercar . With the first models already shipped to China , the GT , will be unrolled across Europe next year . While Ford has refused to officially confirm its price , bosses have indicated it will run alongside the £ 260,000 Lamborghini Aventador . To herald its launch , the company 's design team have created a stunning light sculpture which showcases how they came about creating the prototype . Ford showcased its £ 260,000 GT in a stunning light installation in the heart of Milan as the first models are shipped to China . The light sculpture was unveiled in the Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday as part of Milan Design Week . Planted in Milan 's Piazza de Fidele , it walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car 's conception . In the heart of one of the world 's most design-savvy cities , many were surprised to learn the piece had been produced by car designers and engineers , said bosses . ' -LRB- Having an artwork -RRB- is something new for us but really it combined everything that we do everyday , ' said Moray Callum , Ford 's Vice President of design . ` The model making , the technology - all of that was done in house so it 's just taking what we do and presenting it in a different way . ' ` We , generally , are a car company that talks to car guys but we wanted to reach a wider audience . ` We 've had people approaching the installation and asking `` this is Ford ?! '' which is just great . ` People were shocked that we were doing this and that 's what we wanted to hear . ' Alongside the modern artwork , Ford has released some of the first impressions of what the GTs interior will look like . The artwork was composed by Ford designers who worked on the concept for the £ 260,000 GT . The interactive installation was placed in Milan 's Piazza de Fidele where it remained throughout design week . With its exterior a combination of aluminium and carbon-fibre , the compact two-seater has all the hallmarks of its ultra-sleek competitors . And earmarked at around the same price as the Lamborghini Aventador , the GT is a far cry from the much-loved models which keeps the company afloat . But despite a drive towards luxury , bosses insist the company is not trying to breakaway from its most reliable consumer . ` As long as I 'm around , the mum on the school run will remain important - but design is important for her too , ' added Mr Callum . Speaking at Milan 's Salone de Mobile - an annual showcase of the world 's leading furniture and light designers - he continued : ` Generally we are a car company that talks to car guys but we want to reach a wider audience . ` Design has always been important but we 're finding you need to expand your audience . ' The model was showcased for the first time at the International Auto Show in Detroit earlier this year -LRB- above -RRB- . The car has up-swinging doors and 600 horsepower . It was unveiled in January in Detroit to a rapturous reception . The first images of the interior of the Ford GT have been revealed after 100 of the supercars were shipped to China . While the vehicle wo n't reach European markets until next year , bosses say they have been ` pleased ' with the reaction the car . While the GT is priced out of most 's grasp , another of its most advanced vehicles could be brought to the masses , he added . Ford 's version of a driverless car is in the final stages of production with just safety legislation and measure standing between it and the open road . ` We have autonomous cars that we 've been working on for the past 20 years in Detroit . A lot of the technology is there for about 90 per cent of driving , ' added Mr Callum . ` What we 're working on now is that extra 10 per cent which will take into account whether there are road works or if there 's been an accident -LRB- and it 's not registered -RRB- . '