Incredible footage of a Sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on Wednesday has been captured on CCTV . A time lapse video , filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11 am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the T2 Airport line . At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo . The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform . Sydney 's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225 mm by 9 am Wednesday -- the most fall for almost 17 years . A time lapse video , filmed from the platform between 11 am and 11.45 am , shows storm water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney 's south . Although the storm had passed by Thursday , about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city , and a number of main roads remain closed due to flooding . Twelve local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones , from Sydney 's northern beaches to the Hunter Valley . Meanwhile , thousands of people remain stranded in parts of New South Wales as emergency services begin to clean up after devastating weather smashed the state over three days . On Thursday morning , the NSW State Emergency Service said about 2000 people in the Hunter Region - including the Macdonald Valley , Webbs Creek Valley and Colo Valley - are expected to be isolated for days . The murky flood water submerges the train line and begins moving like a river as it reaches almost the height of the platform . The flooding at Bardwell Park forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney . An evacuation order remains in place for parts of Milperra in Sydney , about 200,000 remain without power and the SES is still working to address 50 per cent of 12,420 calls for help it has received since Monday morning . In Dungog , in the Hunter Region , an elderly woman and two elderly men reportedly died in their homes as water surged through the small town after it received more than 300 mm of rain in 24 hours . The Bureau of Meteorology said wild weather conditions would continue to ease on Thursday but warned floodwaters still had yet to peak in some areas - including Singleton and Bulga in the Hunter . NSW SES deputy commissioner Steven Pearce said : ` The recovery effort will be huge for those areas that have been smashed by what has been the largest storms in the last 10 years . ' After being submerged in flood water , the airport line reopened in time for the afternoon peak . The train line appeared more like a river than a track on Wednesday . A cyclist powers his way through a flooded road , which was causing a traffic jam , at Bondi Junction in Sydney . Rain water made wellies a necessity in some Sydney train stations this week .