A two-year-old girl was savaged by a Jack Russell as she played in a children 's park before the dog 's owner ran away . Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley , Lancashire on Sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet , which bit her face . The toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the Jack Russell - which was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control - attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face , narrowly missing her eye . Two-year-old Libby Jane Wilson , who was enjoying a day out at a play park when she was savaged by a Jack Russell , leaving her with puncture marks on her face . Her father , Mr Knight who works as a floor layer , heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene . Libby 's mother Christie Wilson , 21 , said : ` Libby was playing in the tunnel and her dad was on top waiting for her to come out when the dog ran over and attacked her . ` Alex heard Libby screaming and went into the tunnel and kicked the dog away from her . He called me straight away , he is distraught . ` The dog was n't on a lead and Alex said he shouted ` Bud ' and called the dog back , then he just ran off . Libby Jane with her mother Christie Wilson . Miss Wilson says that the dog 's owner did n't check if her daughter was hurt and fled with his pet . Toddler Libby Jane had been climbing through a tunnel at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley when the dog entered and attacked her . ` She has been very , very lucky - it could have been a lot worse and the doctors have said she will have scars , but that as she grows they will fade . ` Libby is a real tough cookie , it has affected me and her dad a lot more than her . I think because she is so young she does n't really understand what has happened . ' Terrified Mr Knight took his daughter home to Miss Wilson who rushed her to Chorley and South Ribble General Hospital . The brave youngster was given a course of antibiotics and sent home with the puncture wounds , one above her lip and one under her eye , left open to heal . The attack happened at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley , Lancashire while Libby Jane was with her father Alex Knight . Miss Wilson , who runs her own hair extension business , said : ` The owner did n't even come over to check if Libby was okay , he just ran off . ` He must have seen or heard what happened , she was screaming . It is shocking - I just want him to come forward . ` If the owner had apologised or checked on Libby it would be a whole different ball game but he is obviously not bothered , and more concerned about his dog . ` Libby was traumatised , but she is okay now . She woke up last night shouting `` dogs , dogs '' so I think maybe she was having flashbacks about what happened . ' A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said : ` An officer has been out and spoken to the family to get more details and will be doing some follow up in the area . Inquiries are ongoing . '