Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo appeared to be enjoying his vacation in Portugal as he posed for a picture at the dinner table with family and friends just days after his affair with a fitness instructor was exposed . Rojo went away during a week off for his club side , pictured with team-mate Angel di Maria on the plane , after United 's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa on Saturday . The Argentina international is impressing in defence under Louis van Gaal in his first season in the Premier League , though it his time off the field in Manchester that has recently come into question . Marcos Rojo -LRB- third from left -RRB- enjoys a meal out with friends and family in Portugal during a week off . Rojo -LRB- back right -RRB- poses while travelling to Portugal along with his family and Angel di Maria -LRB- left -RRB- . Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail . Fitness instructor Sarah Watson , 34 , claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out . Rojo 's identity in the case was originally held back as a ` Premier League footballer ' though the details have now been revealed . She said : ` He came over to me and sat down . His English was quite bad but he was chatty and said nice things to me about how I looked and how he liked my Versace dress . ` He said `` You 're gorgeous , you 're the best looking girl in here . '' It was all very cheesy , but he 's so good looking that I gave him my number . ' Rojo invited her to his friend 's flat for a more private party , but she declined and they parted . He then sent a text at 2 am . `` My love , where are you ? '' he asked . ` It was a bit of an ego boost for me . There were a lot of young , pretty girls that night , but he wanted me . ' So she and a girlfriend booked a taxi to the address he sent her . When they arrived at the flat in the centre of the city , a friend of Rojo 's -- known in court as Mr X but who now can be named as Kristian Bereit -- made a shocking proposition . ` He asked me how much it would cost for me to have sex with Marcos . I told him that I was not a prostitute . ' But she did find the Argentine star 's dusky looks attractive and they ended up in a bedroom . ` I did it because I liked him , not for money or with any intention to sell the story on , ' she said . The Argentine defender was in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday . Rojo celebrates with team-mate Di Maria after the 3-1 victory at Old Trafford in the Premier League . Watson says that the 25-year-old offered her money to spend the night with him - which she declined - and then accepted a £ 30,000 offer from a newspaper to sell her story . She never received that money , and Sarah then says Rojo 's representatives tried to entrap her with promises of cash to spin the story . Watson said : ` -LSB- Rojo -RSB- and his people contrived to make me look like a greedy cow , when it was them who offered me £ 100,000 as hush money . ' Last month Mr Justice Warby made a ruling in the High Court that overturned the gagging order and ordered Rojo to pay Sarah 's estimated £ 25,000 legal costs . The defender has not spoken about the incident publicly , while his friend Bereit - who Sarah claims offered her the money - declined to comment . Watching from the stands as Rojo impressed at Old Trafford against Tim Sherwood 's side at the weekend , was his wife Eugenia Lusardo , a lingerie model based in Lisbon , and their young daughter , Morena . Both are pictured with Rojo as he enjoyed a meal in Lisbon , the city he used to ply his trade in with Sporting before signing for United last summer . Rojo 's wife , Eugenia Lusardo -LRB- pictured with Rojo last month -RRB- is a lingerie model .