They have a reputation as rather brutish creatures who chomped their way through huge hunks of meat , but it seems Neanderthals may actually have been the first masterchefs . New research is suggesting that these extinct early humans may have used wild herbs to flavour their food . Scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron , Spain . Neanderthals -LRB- represented in the drawing above -RRB- may have been the world 's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet , according to a new scientific paper . At first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication , but now new findings have presented a different theory . Dr Sabrina Krief , a lecturer at the National Museum of Natural History in Paris , and her colleagues suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable . Neanderthals may have cooked stews in the skins of animals , according to some anthropologists . Animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by Neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks . This suggests that fat and meat had instead been cooked off the bones . A study of tooth plaque from the teeth of fossilised Neanderthal remains also suggest that they may have heated grains of barley . However , there is no evidence that Neanderthals had any pots or pans to cook with . Instead Professor John Speth , an archaeologist at the University of Michigan , believes that they used animal paunches and folded bark to make bags that they could boil their good in . A study of plaque found on Neanderthal teeth like the one above suggests they ate grains like barley . They have found that wild chimpanzees in Uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught . They say Neanderthals could also used herbs to improve their culinary creations in the same way . There is already evidence that they cooked their food and may even have created stews in the skins of animals . Writing in the journal Antiquity , Dr Krief and her colleagues said : ` Data on Neanderthal behaviour suggest that their subsistence and technological strategies were complex . ' Neanderthals have long been portrayed as a rather primitive form of human that died out as they were unable to compete with the more sophisticated modern humans that arrived in Europe and Asia from Africa . However , recent discoveries have shown that they may actually have had a complex culture - capable of making stone tools and even jewellery . Three years ago researchers at the University of Barcelona examined ten teeth from the remains of five Neanderthals found in El Sidron , northern Spain . In the dental plaque of one young adult they discovered three compounds that occur naturally in yarrow and camomile . Dr Karen Hardy and her team , who conducted that work , suggested that these plants had been used to help ward off illness or treat a diease . Yarrow for example has been used in the past to treat fever and to stem bleeding . However it was also a popular vegetable in the 17th century , while the leaves can also be dried and used as a herb . It is said to produce a pungent odour while having a slightly sweet and peppery taste that has been described as similar to spinach . Camomile was also a popular treatment for inflammation , hayfever and stomach problems , but is still used to today to flavour foods in top restaurants . Neither of the plants have much nutritional value but both convey strong flavours . Dr Krief and her team found that separate groups of chimpanzees at Budongo Forest Reserve and Kibale National Park ate plants while chewing meat . New archaeological discoveries are expanding our knowledge of how Neanderthals lived in ways that could not have been imagined when their fossilised remains , like the skeleton above , were first found by archaeologists . Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay has become well known for his subtle use of flavours that contrasts with his rather brutish approach in the kitchen , but it seems he could also have learned some tips from Neanderthals . Neanderthals , like the one shown above , may well have been the world 's first gourmet chefs , findings suggest . They reason that if this was for medicinal purposes , different animals would eat different plants depending on their ailments . However , the animals in each group all tended to eat the same plants with their meat , suggesting they were eating them for flavour instead . Dr Krief said that previous work has dismissed the idea that Neanderthals were eating herbs to flavour food based on the assumption that their tastes were very basic . However , she says that if chimpanzees use plants to flavour their food , then it is entirely possible that Neanderthals also used herbs and spices . Writing in Antiquity , the researchers said : ` The strong , bitter taste of the leaves may modify the flavour of the viscera , muscles , organs or water . ` In a French cookbook , a recipe proposes cooking a blanquette of veal with camomile . ` The bitter taste of the cooked plant does not necessarily disappear completely ; camomile , for example , remains bitter when infused . ` The presence of cooked carbohydrates , esters , phenols , pyrene and florathene in calculus samples from El Sidron supports the hypothesis that Neanderthals were cooking plant food and perhaps smoking food , confirming that they were able to practice different food-processing techniques . ` It is suggested that , among other cooking methods , roasting , heating or even potentially boiling to make soup , stew or stock might have been used by Neanderthals . ` Such a variety of practices , combined with the fact that the samples from El Sidr ' on reveal the presence of smoke-related compounds , show that Neanderthals were using food processing at least as complex as flavouring food with plant material . ' Other recent discoveries are starting to reveal what culinary creatures the Neanderthals were . Camomile is well known as a herb that can produce some interesting flavours for dishes and was eaten by Neanderthals according to recent research on dental plaque that had hardened onto fossiled teeth . Yarrow is a hardy plant but its leaves can be used as a herb known for its sweet flavour and bitter aftertaste . Research presented at the Paleoanthropology Society Annual Meeting this week suggests they tended to eat horses , deer and bovids rather than larger game like mammoths . According to New Scientist , Geoff Smith , from the Monrepos Archaeological Research Centre in Germany , said they also seemed to have sucked out the fatty marrow from bones . There is also some evidence from Neanderthal sites in Gibralter that suggests they also liked nuts and wild olives . Analysis of fossilised Neanderthal faeces has also revealed that while they ate meat , they also had a ` significant intake of plants ' . Dr Simon Underdown , an anthropologist at Oxford Brookes University , said : ` This paper reminds us that the Neanderthals were complicated and sophisticated humans . ` While the data from dental calculus might be evidence for medicinal plants this new research highlights a number of alternative explanations ; the most intriguing of which is the use of food flavourings . ` The comparison with chimps must be used carefully as they are a very different animal but the complex array of behaviours seen in world chimps gives us even more to marvel at when we think about what the Neanderthals were capable of . ' Neanderthals first emerged around 280,000 years ago , spreading to inhabit much of Europe and parts of Asia , but they eventually died out 40,000 years ago . The reason for their demise was often put down to being a more primative species of human that was unable to compete against the more sophisticated Homo sapiens . They were depicted as thuggish cavemen that scraped an existence on the cold lands of ice age Europe . However , a series of discoveries are now putting Neanderthals into a new light . Stone tools discovered at sites they inhabited suggest they were skilled tool makers with adept hand eye coordination . A 60,000-year-old multi-purpose bone tool unearthed in France also suggests Neanderthals understood how to use bones to make useful devices . A recent discovery by researchers at the Muséum National d'Histories Naturelle in Paris suggests that Neanderthals may have built homes using the materials they found around them . They discovered a 26 feet wide building created 44,000 years ago from mammoth bones . Many of the bones had also been decorated carvings and ochre pigments . Cross-hatched engravings found inside Gorham 's Cave in Gibraltar are also thought to be the first known examples of Neanderthal rock art . DNA analysis has also shown that Neanderthals carried the same genes that are thought to have enabled modern humans to speak . Eight talons found at a 130,000 year old Neanderthal site in Krapina in Croatia are also thought to be the world 's first jewellery , and may have been worn as a necklace . The traditional image of Neanderthals as primitive creatures like above is no longer holding up to evidence .