Sport 's propensity to play mind games with its protagonists was rarely more obviously stated than after qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix , when Nico Rosberg cursed his Mercedes team . Hamilton , the world champion , was relaxed and delighted having taken pole but Rosberg , his team-mate , was grim-faced , demoralised and made his first public criticism of his team . Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton with Sebastian Vettel third on the grid in China . Rosberg cut a frustrated figure in the paddock after he missed out on pole to Hamilton by just 0.042 secs . Rosberg was only four-hundredths of a second behind the Briton and will start second on the grid . Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third , nearly a second adrift of Hamilton . But Rosberg was visibly angry after the Mercedes pit-wall brains put him under unnecessary ` pressure ' . The German was the last driver out for his final flying lap , meaning he had to rush to get in a competitive time . Rosberg , who is customarily gracious in defeat , fell slightly short of Hamilton 's mark and was grumpy afterwards . He said : ` It was not ideal to put me under pressure like that . I do n't think it cost me anything , but even the mind-set to know that I have to speed up a bit -- we need to look into that . Sparks fly off the back of Rosberg 's Mercedes during qualifying for Sunday 's race in Shanghai . The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season . ` Other than that the lap was good and it is very annoying as the lap is never perfect , so four hundredths is always in it . Tyre degradation is going to be a big issue for the race as we are going to take the tyres right to the limit . So there are many opportunities . ' Poor old Rosberg was cock of the walk in the early and middle parts of last season , but he seems terribly lacklustre since Hamilton won the title . Even his Mercedes boss , Niki Lauda , said he should ` sort himself out ' -- a statement on Rosberg 's psyche rather than his work ethic . Whether he has the speed to match Hamilton may be at the centre of his anger . The Briton set his fastest time on his penultimate lap . It was enough . Rosberg , though , got closer to Hamilton than he has recently . McLaren will again be towards the back of the grid with Jenson Button 17th and Fernando Alonso 18th . Barely a hair 's breadth separated the former champions . Button said : ` I guess we hoped we might be just a bit closer than we were today . In practice , we 'd looked a bit more competitive , certainly . ` We 'd found a reasonably good balance with the car , in fact , but the lap-time is n't quite there yet . ' Hamilton will start from the front of the pack as he bids to win his fourth grand prix in China .