Robert De Niro has said Hillary Clinton should be president , insisting she has ` earned the right ' to be elected . The Hollywood legend , 71 , who has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party , said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be ` no surprises ' . In an interview with the Daily Beast , the Goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : ` It 's that simple . And she 's a woman , which is very important because her take on things may be what we need right now . ' Robert De Niro , 71 , -LRB- pictured with Hillary Clinton at a New York benefit in 2013 -RRB- , said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be ` no surprises ' He was joined by American producer and Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal . She also gave her backing to the ex-First Lady , saying : ` She 's smart , has run things before , and knows how government works and how to get things done . ` She 's watched it from the sidelines , and the frontlines . ' De Niro joined Clinton last December was they were both honored at the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice & Human Rights annual gala . His political punditry however is not something new . In 2006 , while promoting The Good Shepherd , he appeared on Hardball opposite Matt Damon at George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia . Host Chris Matthews asked De Niro who he would like to be president in the future . The veteran actor replied : ` Well , I think of two people : Hillary Clinton and Obama . ' While continuing to build his stellar film career , he has also become a donor for the Democratic party . The Goodfellas star says Cliton has ` paid her dues ' and insisted the Democrat has ` earned the right to be head of this country ' In 2012 , he hosted a $ 25,000-a-head dinner at the White House with Michelle Obama to raise funds for Barack Obama 's re-election effort . However he caused controversy when he said it was ` too soon ' for a white First Lady . Speaking at a dinner in the Greenwich Hotel , which he owns , De Niro said : ` Callista Gingrich . Karen Santorum . Ann Romney . Now do you really think our country is ready for a white first lady ? ' A guest at the event , which was held in the hotel 's Locanda Verde restaurant , yelled , ` No ! ' , to which De Niro added : ` Too soon , right ? ' Michelle Obama said the remarks were inappropriate .