At his heaviest he tipped the scales at a mind-boggling 70st . But after losing two thirds of his body wight in just five years Paul Mason now faces a new challenge - ridding himself of the unsightly rolls of skin he longer needs . The Brit , from Ipswich , Suffolk , managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin . Scroll down for video . Now : Paul Mason , pictured in hospital last month when he was treated for an infection in his leg , once tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years . Then : At his largest , the former postman would then eat quadruple portions of fish and chips along with two kebabs for lunch followed by a roast dinner , curries or pizza and more chips in the evening . The 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off . Despite his monumental weight-shedding feat , Mr Mason has been left with a constant reminder of the size he once was - thanks to the excess skin sagging around his arms , legs and stomach . Speaking after the NHS turned him down in 2012 the former postman told The Mirror : ` The loose skin is having a horrible effect on my life . I ca n't make any more progress if they do n't do these operations . ' Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla , from Lenox Hill Hospital in New York , offered to carry out the procedure free of charge . Speaking to The Mirror , she said : ` I remember seeing an image of him , wheelchair-bound , he could n't walk . ` To me it was so sad that he had gone through this whole journey and come full circle , and he could n't even do basic things and no-one would help him . ' Turned down by NHS : The 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off . Preparing for more surgery : Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla , from Lenox Hill Hospital in New York , offered to carry out the procedure for free . Road to recovery : Mr Mason , seen walking in hospital in Massachusetts last month , moved to the USA last year to live with his fiance . After an agonising period in which he had to wait for a health visa to be granted , the former world 's fattest man flew to Orange , near Boston in September to live with his fiance , Rebecca Mountain . In 2013 Mr Mason appeared on television to tell the world of his blossoming relationship with Ms Mountain . 41-year-old Miss Mountain , who is a slender 8st , asked for his hand in marriage as they appeared live on ABC 's The View last year . She first got in touch with Mr Mason on Facebook after she saw a television documentary about his extreme obesity . Appearing on UK breakfast television programme in 2013 , in the week they met in person for the first time , she said she ` just felt compelled to reach out and just try to help and that 's all it was . ' ` I have a lot of drive and just thought I could write letters and support , ' she said . ` Things I set my sights on , I just go and do . I just knew that I should try and help . ` He 's incredible , a genuine person . Incredibly honest and open about the difficulties he 's been through , which helped our relationship . ' Former world 's fattest man : At the height of his food addiction , he was eating an entire packet of bacon , four sausages and four eggs complete with bread and hash browns for breakfast . Found love : In 2013 Mr Mason appeared on television to tell the world of his blossoming relationship with Rebecca Mountain . Mr Mason 's binge eating began in his 20s at the time of his father 's death and a deterioration in his mother 's health . He quit his job as a postman when his weight stopped him from finishing his rounds . As his weight soared he was left unable to stand or walk before finally becoming bed-ridden and being looked after full time by council carers . Firefighters had to demolish the front wall of his former home so they could drive a fork lift truck inside to lift him out and put him into an ambulance when he needed a hernia operation in 2002 . Mr Mason was later given a purpose-built housing association home with extra wide doorways so he could move around . His care bill cost taxpayers an estimated £ 100,000 a year and is believed to have topped £ 1million . At the height of his food addiction , he was eating an entire packet of bacon , four sausages and four eggs complete with bread and hash browns for breakfast . He would then eat quadruple portions of fish and chips along with two kebabs for lunch followed by a roast dinner , curries or pizza and more chips in the evening . Mr Mason finally beat the bulge after an NHS operation to fit him with a gastric band , but his life was left on hold as he waited for further surgery to remove the excess skin it left behind . His latest bout of surgery is scheduled to take place on Tuesday , and Ms Capla will be helped by a large team of doctors , including two surgeons from other states . Set to marry : Paul Mason and Rebecca Mountain , right became engaged after she proposed to him during their interview on the ABC show The View last year -LRB- above -RRB- .