Esa 's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . On Saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles -LRB- 14 km -RRB- of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . But during the manoeuvre , Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ` safe mode ' , causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth . The European Space Agency 's Rosetta spacecraft -LRB- illustrated -RRB- has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . Rosetta launched into space in 2004 and entered orbit around 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko in August 2014 . ` Not the best month to choose to go dry ... ' Rosetta project scientist Dr Matt Taylor quipped on Twitter , as the team back on Earth sweated over the safety of the spacecraft . The problems arose due to Rosetta 's limited vision owing to the amount of material it was flying through . The spacecraft uses two star trackers to work out where it is in space , in addition to a sun sensor , navigation cameras and three laser gyroscopes . Crucially , the star trackers allow Rosetta to know where it is with respect to the sun and Earth , so it can correctly orient its antenna to send and receive signals from ground stations on our planet . The Rosetta probe , which was carrying Philae , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of Earth and Mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67P . It chased comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in August 2014 . After a four billion mile -LRB- 6.5 billion km -RRB- journey , the probe then successfully released the Philae lander from its grip to land on the comet on 12 November 2014 , travelling at 3.3 ft -LRB- one metre -RRB- per second relative to the comet . But when it first made contact with the surface it failed to fire harpoons that would have kept it attached to the comet . This resulted in it bouncing to a height of 0.62 miles -LRB- 1 km -RRB- above the comet before again landing on the surface . It then bounced again , but to a much lower altitude . Philae managed to perform more than 90 per cent of its goals before running out of power . Rosetta , meanwhile , is continuing to orbit and study the comet . From data collected by the two proves , Esa said that water on the comet was different to that on Earth - suggesting water on our world came from an asteroid , not a comet . When the star trackers are not working properly , the antenna drifts , causing communications to be temporarily lost . And during the recent flyby , the spacecraft started to mistake comet debris for stars , causing it to lose sight of Earth . The spacecraft autonomously attempted to readjust itself but struggled due to its close proximity to comet 67P . Esa said that ` hundreds of `` false stars '' were registered ' and it took nearly 24 hours before the spacecraft could properly start tracking again . During this dramatic event , the antenna had become mis-aligned with Earth , so that only a very weak radio signal was being received . Once the tracking system was restored , the off-pointing was immediately correct and the operations team on the ground saw a return to full signal strength . Some issues with ` false stars ' were still occurring , though , and attempts to eradicate them caused the same problem to occur . This time , the spacecraft but itself into ` safe mode ' to preserve its safety , during which it switched off its science instruments to replace them . Esa said it took until Monday to get the spacecraft back into ` normal ' status . On whether the problem could cause Rosetta to lose permanent contact with Earth if it happened again , Dr Taylor told MailOnline that they were ` looking at ways to minimise this from happening . ' ` Plans for the future are being discussed now , ' he added . He also said they had been ` flying at a very low relative velocity to the comet to reduce the chance ' of any lasting damage being caused by debris . The spacecraft is now performing a wide sweep around the comet , giving engineers ample time to make sure the problem does not occur again . ` We are looking to examine the best way to mitigate the chance of re-occurrence , ' said Dr Taylor . The spacecraft completed a manoeuvre yesterday that will bring it from about 250 miles -LRB- 400 km -RRB- of the comet to within 90 miles -LRB- 140 km -RRB- by Wednesday next week . The spacecraft uses two star trackers -LRB- shown in red -RRB- to work out where it is in space , in addition to a sun sensor , navigation cameras and three laser gyroscopes . The star trackers allow Rosetta to know where it is with respect to Earth , so it can send and receive signals . The high gain antenna is in the background . Rosetta was tasked with studying the jets coming from its surface -LRB- shown in image -RRB- . It is hoped that continuing studies like this could reveal what the comet 's interior is composed of - but engineers will be hoping that this ` false stars ' anomaly does not occur again . This diagram shows an example of Rosetta 's recent flyby trajectories at Comet 67P . The spacecraft completed a manoeuvre yesterday that will bring it from about 250 miles -LRB- 400 km -RRB- of the comet to within 90 miles -LRB- 140 km -RRB- by Wednesday next week . The purpose of flying in so close is to examine 67P 's geysers . These jets are formed when ice on the surface sublimates - or vapourises - and they become more active as the comet approaches the sun . It is getting closer and closer over the next few months , with its point of closest approach taking place in August . As it becomes more active , Rosetta has a fantastic opportunity to sweep through the increasingly large jets and gather data . Studying the jets could reveal vital data on how gas and dust flows out from the surface , and it could also reveal the connection between the comet 's atmosphere - its coma - and the surface . Despite the drama , Esa was still able to release some amazing images recently taken by Rosetta . This stunning scene was created from two Rosetta frames acquired at 12 miles -LRB- 19.9 km -RRB- from the comet centre on 28 March . The scale is about 1.7 m/pixel and the image measures 3.1 x 1.7 km . The latest images include ones of Earth and Mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ` gravity assist manoeuvres ' in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet . Pictured is Mars as seen by Rosetta in 2007 . As the comet gets closer to the sun , scientists will also be hoping to hear from the Philae lander on the surface . The washing machine-sized Philae probe gripped the imaginations of the world when it landed on comet 67P on 12 November 2014 . But after making two unscheduled bounces on the surface , the probe landed in an unknown location and ran out of power . Now , as the comet approaches the sun , it is hoped that solar rays will recharge Philae 's batteries and bring it back to life . As the comet approaches the sun , it is hoped that solar rays will recharge Philae 's batteries and bring it back to life . Shown is one of the first images returned by Philae on the surface , showing what appears to be the probe on its side wedged in darkness against a cliff .