Tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the Gold Coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women . Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers , the Gold Coast Bulletin reports . There are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence . Tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the Gold Coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women . The new powers , approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad , means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house so the council can enforce laws to shut them down in certain areas . If an illegal party house is reported to the council , authorities will be able to force the owner of the property to apply for a development application . If they refuse the council can legally shut them down . Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties . Police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses across the Broadbeach , Mermaid Beach , Mermaid Waters and Surfers Paradise areas . Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . There are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence . Some residents who live near a party house have said they are afraid to leave their homes while a weekend-long party is raging and are tormented by the noise and activities next door . Burleigh councillor Greg Betts told the Gold Coast Bulletin the crackdown would begin this month . ` This is a planning issue which means that the criteria of what is allowed to be a party house is strict and those people operating them will have to apply to have this status , ' he said . ` If they fail to get this approval but continue to operate we can shut them down . ' The former state government introduced new laws last year allowing council to institute ` party house restriction areas ' where short-term rental properties will be forbidden from operating . Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties . Some residents who live near a party house have said they are afraid to leave their homes while a weekend-long party is raging and are tormented by the noise and activities next door .