Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW . The attackers , two aged 15 and one aged 14 , were arrested by on Friday after the incident took place on Sunday night at Charlestown Square shopping centre , Newcastle . The youths could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act , but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal , according to Fairfax Media . Scroll down for video . Tibor Racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle , north of Sydney , on Sunday night when they were attacked . One 15-year-old boy was charged with assault and affray . The other was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm , affray and a count of stealing after he allegedly took a wallet and phone off the 42-year-old victim . The 14-year-old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and affray . The charges come after shocking footage emerged of the moment a father and his 13-year-old daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers outside a shopping centre . Tibor Racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle , north of Sydney , on Sunday night when they were attacked . Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . The incident took place outside the Charlestown Square shopping centre in Newcastle , north of Sydney . His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete . Mr Racsits said he went to pick his daughter up after she called to say some girls wanted to assault her , the Newcastle Herald reports . There had earlier been some trouble between Kiara and at least one girl before she called . As he went up the escalators and called his daughter telling her to come out of the movies , he noticed three girls standing nearby . ` And within 15 seconds , there was like 20 of them . I do n't even know where they came from , ' he said . Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . ` They must have been hiding . I think it was a set-up , it was planned . ` They just swarmed and when I looked around I just thought oh s ** t there is going to be trouble here . ' Mr Racsits was walking his daughter down the stairs when he pushed a young man out of the way to get to their car . ` But as soon as I have pushed him out of the way , there was just kicks and punches from the side , ' Mr Racsits told the newspaper . He was dragged about 10 metres across the road before they started punching and kicking him . His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete . The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries , but Mr Racsits is undergoing further examinations to check if any of his ribs were broken . ` It got to a point where I was starting to get a bit dizzy from all the hits I was copping and I went down , ' he said . ` As I was going down I was just basically covering my head up and I actually grabbed one of the guys legs and bit him on the leg . It was the only thing I could do . ' The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries , but Mr Racsits is undergoing further examinations to check if any of his ribs were broken . Police said Mr Racsits car keys , mobile phone and wallet were taken following the attack . Anyone with information about the incident is urged to call Crimestoppers on 1800 333 000 .