Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar when he joined the club . The Uruguayan , who arrived under a cloud following his ban for biting at last year 's World Cup , has made a rapid adjustment to life at the Catalan club - scoring vital goals to help put them on course for a treble . Barca face Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday looking to book a place in the Champions League semi-finals with a 3-1 lead from the first leg in which Suarez struck twice . Luis Suarez -LRB- second left -RRB- admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona . Neymar -LRB- back left -RRB- and Messi -LRB- right -RRB- formed a devastating partnership in attack for Barca last season . Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in key games . He got the winner in the El Clasico against Real Madrid last month and struck twice in the first leg against Manchester City in the Champions League last 16 . Despite scoring 31 goals for Liverpool in the Premier League last season , the prospect of proving himself in Barca 's vaunted attack was intimidating . ` When I arrived I was timid with Messi and Neymar but they just said to me to play as I had done at Liverpool . Now I feel fine off and on the pitch and we have a good time together , ' Suarez told a news conference on Monday . Suarez said he has concentrated on being level-headed and that his team mates have helped him fit in at the club . Suarez -LRB- centre -RRB- has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona since joining the club this season . Barcelona are hoping to reach the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday when they face PSG . Barcelona take a 3-1 advantage into their second leg encounter at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . Catalan giants undergo a keep ball exercise during Monday 's training session at their Joan Gamper base . Marc-Andre ter Stegen is likely to start in goal for Barca - as he has for their nine European ties this term . ` I always have gone out to try and do well and I did n't listen when it was said that I was the best in the world or the worst . I am very self-critical and I carry myself the same , ' Suarez said . ` When things were not going well for me I was grateful for the support of people close to me . The players always were behind me and so was the coach . ` At the moment I feel that I am helping the team with goals and assists but as long as the team is doing well then I am happy as well . It is not important who scores as long as the team progresses . ' Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- scores his second goal of the night as Barcelona go 3-0 against PSG on April 15 .