It is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones . An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky . The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show . Watch the video here . Look out ! An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky . Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . ` On the morning of Friday , April 10 , 2015 , the chimpanzees of Royal Burgers ' Zoo once again proved how intelligent they are , ' a spokesman for the zoo said . The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo . Programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above . ` Today , for the second season of the national television program Burgers ' Zoo Natuurlijk , film takes were planned with a drone , with which spectacular images of the animals and their habitats could be made from above . ' The drone was able to fly around the zoo - before arriving at the chimp enclosure . ` Once the drone arrived at the chimpanzee quarters the intelligent primates immediately discovered the spying little plane and right away armed themselves with long sticks against this inquisitive electronic intruder , ' the zaoo revealed . One of the chimpanzees was high up in a tree with a long branch . ` Apparently very calm and satisfied , half asleep in the morning sun , the primate let the drone make its curious images . ` Until ... . the drone got just a bit too close . Once grounded , the chimp investigates its prey , taking a selfie in the process - before eventually wandering off . ` Like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body . With a direct hit the animal knocked the drone to the ground , where the group of primates quickly overpowered the ` prey ' . ` With much enjoyment they very efficiently dismantled the play thing . ` During the entire moment of action the camera kept rolling , so despite the completely destroyed drone this still provided some very special images ! ' The zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone .