Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night , but there was still plenty to talk about after the Champions League first leg . Here Sportsmail looks at the five things we learned after the two bitter rivals clashed again in Europe . Real Madrid must be careful with a talent like Raphael Varane . Something has to give at Real Madrid . Carlo Ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is Sergio Ramos and Pepe , but in Raphael Varane , who turns 22 later this month , they have a diamond . Pepe 's injury trouble recently has meant Varane has started a few games , continuing the education that began under Jose Mourinho . Chelsea 's coach has fluttered his eyelashes at the French international a few times during the past year , making sure he 's in pole position should the defender become available . Raphael Varane -LRB- left -RRB- impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved . Varane will be thinking he is more than ready to be the starting centre-back for a Champions League team and with good reason . His performance here was wise beyond his years and his lightning quick turn of pace can help mop up after any errors . One sprint back to deny Mario Mandzukic was like watching a gazelle catch up with a rhino without even breaking sweat . Varane saved his team at the death too , mopping up after Iker Casillas rushed out his goal and failed to reach the ball . Jan Oblak is proving patience is a virtue . Jan Oblak became the most expensive goalkeeper in Spanish football history when he signed for € 16million from Benfica in the summer . And then Diego Simeone promptly dumped him on the bench and installed another new player , Miguel Angel Moya , in goal . There were reports in the Spanish media that the coach did not rate him , that Atletico wanted to sell him back to the Portuguese side . When he finally played , it was a disaster , with the team losing 3-2 to Olympiakos and Oblak put back on the bench . Jan Oblak -LRB- centre -RRB- denies Gareth Bale early on in the contest and the keeper had an impressive game . Eventually an injury to Moya left Simeone with Oblak in goal against Bayer Leverkusen , where he became a hero in the penalty shoot-out which secured the team passage to this round of the Champions League , and Atletico Madrid 's goalkeeper was brilliant again against Madrid . The Slovenian stopper was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals . Oblak 's save from Gareth Bale - spreading himself wide and blocking the Welshman 's strike with his right arm - after barely more than three minutes had elapsed was hugely important . It was beautiful , crucial . The amazing atmosphere generated by Atletico 's supporters would have been dented by a goal that early . Oblak makes a superb save to deny James Rodriguez -LRB- third left -RRB- from opening the scoring for Real Madrid . Better was still to come , Oblak making a superb save from a James Rodriguez snap shot , which he did n't see until very late , the highlight of a first-half in which he made six stops . It was altogether reminiscent of the backbone Atletico relied on last season , with goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois essential in their La Liga triumph and road to the Champions League final . And all this after sitting on the bench for half the season . Another fruitless evening for Gareth Bale . Nobody can say that Gareth Bale did n't work hard enough for Real Madrid here , but instead that he just was n't good enough . The world 's most expensive player endured another frustrating evening , which started in the worst way possible when he missed a one-on-one chance . Played in down the right , Bale had the ball on his favoured left foot , but his finish was too imprecise and Oblak made a brilliant save . Bale did n't get involved much in the first half , with the game passing him by as sometimes it tends to do . Bale -LRB- left -RRB- worked hard again for Madrid but failed to have the desired impact as Atletico kept him quiet . Bale -LRB- right -RRB- sees a shot saved by Atletico keeper Oblak as he endured another frustrating night . He upped the effort in the second period but to little effect . Working back in the right-back position he tried to skin Guilherme Siqueira , but the Atletico man nudged him and Bale tumbled . No free kick . In attack he nearly eked out an opportunity for Cristiano Ronaldo towards the end , but the Portugal striker was instantly closed down . It was that kind of night for Real Madrid , and yet another one for Gareth Bale . Mad Mario does n't play for Liverpool ... he 's at Atletico . Atletico Madrid are good at replacing their strikers , after they are perennially taken by bigger teams . Fernando Torres was replaced by Sergio Aguero , who was replaced by Radamel Falcao , who was replaced by Diego Costa , who has now been replaced by Mario Mandzukic . While the Croatian has n't quite lived up to the Chelsea striker 's standards in terms of crucial goals , he 's as ready for a fight as the Spaniard , and that 's saying something . Mandzukic , like Costa , also gets short shrift from the referee , with his reputation going before him . He riled Dani Carvajal up so much here that the Real Madrid defender snapped and punched him in the chest . The theatrics that followed were part of his skill set of dark arts too , even if referee Milorad Mazic was n't buying . Mario Mandzukic was left bloodied after a stray elbow from Sergio Ramos but got little sympathy from the ref . Ramos and Mandzukic clash , leaving the Altetico Madrid striker needing treatment for a head injury . A stray elbow from Sergio Ramos left Mandzukic with blood sprayed across his face , but he knows what the deal is at Atletico -- the pleasure comes with the pain . Eventually it was the striker who ended up , somewhat harshly , in the Serb 's notebook for fighting too hard in an aerial duel . Although he could n't find the net himself , his hold-up play was essential in giving Atletico some breathing room and it 's for the best that a row with Diego Simeone seems to have been buried . History says it 's advantage Atletico . This season Real Madrid have taken on Atletico seven times and not won once . This was the third draw ; Diego Simeone 's side have won the other four games . The Argentine coach will be pleased with this result , because now a goalscoring draw at the Santiago Bernabeu next Wednesday will see his team through . So far this season Madrid have scored four times against Atletico , while the Rojiblancos have netted 12 in reply , including five at the Bernabeu . Antoine Griezmann -LRB- left -RRB- will be crucial to Atletico Madrid 's chances of winning in the Santiago Bernabeu . Madrid will be obliged to attack and that will suit Atletico just fine . Simeone 's side are built to resist and with Antoine Griezmann up front , they will be able to hit Los Blancos on the counter . Last season Chelsea came to the Vicente Calderon and fought for a 0-0 draw . They took that back to Stamford Bridge and were soundly beaten by Atletico Madrid , 3-1 at home . Simeone will feel quietly confident his men can repeat the trick once more . Furthermore , like for the 4-0 humbling Madrid suffered in February , Marcelo is suspended and Fabio Coentrao , who has been out of favour , will play . Mario Suarez was booked against Madrid and suspended too , but Tiago Mendes can slot in for him without much fuss .