Ashley Young has revealed the secret of his team-mates ' changing room playlist - and it 's not what you expected . Young is known for being the resident DJ at the Red Devils , but he admitted to being under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play only house and funky house music . In an interview with MUTV , the English winger is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Olly Murs , who asks whether or not his mainstream tunes are played in the Old Trafford changing room . VIDEO Scroll down for ` DJ Ashley Young ' revealing to Olly Murs he only plays funky house . Ashley Young meets Olly Murs outside Manchester United 's Aon Training Complex ahead of MUTV filming . Young met the popular singer-songwriter after training to star as a guest on MUTV show Thursday Focus . Former Reds striker Andy Ritchie and Helen Evans hosted the light-hearted MUTV programme . ` I would love to , ' responds Young . ` But I 've been told by the manager I can only play funky house or house . Seriously , he 's liking the playlist . ' It came as a big surprise to Murs that the Dutch Master of Ceremonies loves nothing better than to listen to undercover tunes with a funk-inspired bass line after guiding his side to victory . ` Funky house ? ' responds Murs . ` Van Gaal wants funky house ?? Can you imagine watching him coming out the shower -LSB- shouting -RSB- come on lads ! We just won ! ' United have been slowly resurgent since the turn of the year , with the 20-time English champions third in the Barclays Premier League and odds-on to secure a Champions League return despite last weekend 's 1-0 defeat by Chelsea . A mocked up image of how United manager Louis van Gaal might look in the Old Trafford dressing room . Helen - the wife of United defender Jonny Evans - presented the programme on Thursday alongside Ritchie . Young explains the changing room music protocol at Old Trafford to Murs on the Thursday Focus programme . Young has benefited from Louis van Gaal 's change in system and has made 24 appearances this season . Whether or not funky house has been behind the club 's upturn in fortunes is open to debate , but Young has been in fine form during United 's rise , playing a pivotal role in recent wins over Newcastle and bitter rivals Manchester City . Red Devils fan Murs was invited on to the show , co-hosted by Jonny Evans ' wife Helen , in between completing a run of three nights at the Manchester Arena as part of his ongoing UK tour . In the show , which is repeated this Saturday on MUTV at 9 am , the former X Factor contestant picks his all-time United XI , whilst Young reveals what he can remember about a rather unfortunate incident on the opening day of the season at home to Swansea . But the stand-out line of this week 's episode was the confirmation of Van Gaal 's penchant for funky house , which was on show at the Amsterdam Gay Pride festival in 2013 .