The victim of a road rage attack during rush-hour traffic has come face-to-face with the man suspected of shooting her in the head . Dietrich Evans was arrested yesterday for the attack which left Kay Hafford with bullet fragments in the bottom right side of her brain . The brave church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and Evans , 22 , has now been charged with aggravated assault . Scroll down for video . Dietrich Evans has been arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford in the head in a road rage attack . Lucky to be alive : Kay Hafford , 28 -LRB- left and right -RRB- was shot in the back of the head in a Texas road-rage accident but was able to pull over and call for help . Ms Hafford , who is still recovering , had been trying to get on the freeway in Houston when she honked at a passing SUV . She said the pair had an angry exchange and the driver then began taunting her . A short time later , the motorist pulled up beside her , aimed a gun at the front passenger window of her red Dodge Avenge and pulled the trigger , reported Click2Houston . Evans , 22 , was arrested on suspicion of the shooting after detectives from Harris County Sheriff 's Office say they discovered the gun used to shoot through Hafford 's window and a car matching the description of the shooter 's . Shot fired : Officials say Hafford got into an angry confrontation with another driver and honked at him , prompting the man to fire on the passenger window of her Dodge Avenger -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Officials confirmed that Evans , who is being held on $ 250,000 bond , is a documented gang member . Incredibly , Ms Hafford told Eyewitness News she was n't angry with her attacker but felt sorry for him . On meeting him she said : ` It made me nervous . I just shed my few tears and I let it go . I knew without a shadow of a doubt , it was him . ` Seeing him made me hurt a little bit . I kinda feel sorry for him , but I 'm not mad at him . I appreciate him coming forth . He just needs help and they got him . ' The victim said she had prayed for police to catch her attacker or for him to give himself up and was delighted her prayers had been answered . Artistic : Both Hafford -LRB- right -RRB- and her husband of nearly two years , Kendrick Hafford -LRB- left -RRB- , are musicians . Ms Hafford said the argument began when she was ` cut up ' by the suspect as she turned into the feeder road to the North Freeway . He had driven alongside her shouting for her to roll down her window and as she entered the Freeway she said she heard a loud noise and felt pain in the back of her head . Despite the gunshot wound , she was able to pull over and dial 911 . It took responding constables about 15 minutes to track down the woman 's car and get her medical help , reported KHOU . Paramedics who responded to the scene rushed her to Memorial Hermann Texas Trauma Institute . Ms Hafford , nee Kelley , works as a singer at a Houston-area church . Her husband of nearly two years , Kendrick Hafford , is also a musician , according to her Facebook page . When he arrived at the hospital to visit is wife , Mr Hafford described her survival as a ` miracle . ' When asked by reporters what he would like to say to the man who shot Kay , the husband replied : ` May God deal with you . '