Kansas City Royals match against rivals the Chicago White Sox descended into a mass brawl yesterday . Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of Thursday 's game at Chicago 's U.S. Cellular Field , Illinois . A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field , reported New York Daily News . Chicago White Sox 's Jeff Samardzija , center , in the brawl with Kansas City Royals players during the seventh inning of Thursday 's game . Several punches were thrown and Ventura , along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez , was sent off along with Chicago 's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija . Thursday 's match began to get scrappy after the White Sox 's Jose Abreu was hit in the arm by Ventura 's pitch in the fourth inning . The very next inning , Royals ' Mike Moustakas was also hit in the arm , this time by a pitch from Chris Sale , leading to a warning for both teams . But things continued to escalate until Eaton hit a comebacker -LRB- a ball batted directly back to the pitcher -RRB- at Ventura in the seventh inning . The Royals starter picked up a ground ball but instead of throwing it to first for the out , he appeared to stop for a moment and stare at the pitcher . Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight after the seventh inning of Thursday 's game at Chicago 's U.S. Cellular Field , Illinois . The pair exchanged words , and Eaton is alleged to have shouted an expletive at Ventura , who was said to have shouted one back before he threw to first base to end the inning . Things quickly turned ugly and both players had to be kept apart by teammates and umpires . But the whole of both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing , shoving and even a few punches . The fight was beginning to calm down and Moustakas was escorting Ventura back to the dugout when Samardzija charged at Cain . However , he missed knocked over coach Mike Jirschele instead . Ventura told ESPN Chicago he regretted the way he 'd handled himself . ` It was a messy situation , I got the ground ball and was unable to control my emotions in that play , and it turned out ugly , ' Ventura said . Several punches were thrown and Kansas City 's Ventura , Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were ejected along with Chicago 's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija -LRB- pictured going down -RRB- . The whole of both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing , shoving and even a few punches in the brawl . ' -LRB- Eaton -RRB- said something to me . I responded back to him , ' he said . ` It was n't my intention , but maybe he interpreted it from the way I fielded the ball , but it was a hard comebacker , kind of put me off-balance , at which point I took those steps that incited him and he responded back , clearly emotional . ' Royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings , which is the first of a four-game series . This is not the first time the Royals have had tensions with other teams . Last weekend , their clash with Oakland Athletics landed scrappy Ventura with a fine for his actions . He was also involved in the team 's disagreements with the Los Angeles Angels . In the three-game series against the Athletics , the teams clashed almost every match until five players and coaches were thrown out of the finale . They included Royals reliever Kelvin Herrera , who threw that fastball behind the head of Brett Lawrie and pointed to his own head in a threatening manner . He received a five-game suspension .