Sipping a glass of glorious red wine which has been carefully aged in a hand-crafted oak barrel is my idea of heaven . But until now the only way to enjoy a tipple with that gorgeous authentic taste that can only develop through spending years in a special wooden cask has been to pay through the nose . The second I see the word ` spicy ' on a bottle label -LRB- which suggests an oaky flavouring -RRB- , I instantly know the price will be much higher . A £ 5 bottle has suddenly become £ 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling . So when I read this week about a new gadget that claims to be able to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years , my curiosity was seriously roused . The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour -- a process that can take up to two years -- in just a day or two . Who would n't drink to that ? Scroll down for video . TV wine expert Oz Clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years . The product , which retails at £ 50 , is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione . Growing up on his parents ' vineyard in Canada , Joel became fascinated by the process of ageing wine . Watching his dad painstakingly filling small barrels of wine for oaking , he wondered why the wine could n't be stored in the same huge vats that had been used to ferment it . When Mr Paglione Snr explained that the smaller the oak barrel , the faster the oak infusion , Joel got his Eureka moment . How about a bottle made out of oak which will ` oak age ' a single bottle in a fraction of the time ? Now , after three years of experimenting , Joel has developed what he claims is the ` smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made . ' The idea is you decant a bottle of wine into the oak bottle , leave for up to 48 hours -LRB- depending on the strength of the oak flavour you fancy -RRB- and -- hey presto ! -- your supermarket bottle of plonk fresh from last year 's grape harvest should suddenly taste like a posh wine from a world-class vineyard that has had years to mature and develop oaky flavours . Ageing a wine overnight is the holy grail of wine lovers . It 's like finding the elixir of eternal youth -- in reverse . But can a simple gizmo really mimic such a time-honoured process ? Can I turn a cheap plonk into a lovingly aged wine ? I 'm eager to try . When it arrives , the Oak Bottle looks like a wooden version of the thermos flask I take on picnics . It 's plain and reassuringly sturdy . For my test I choose a Bulgarian Merlot -LRB- Simply Merlot , Tesco £ 4.20 -RRB- . It 's an unpretentious , fruity wine , great for glugging , but it 's hardly stellar quality . However , as with the French wines such as Bordeaux and Burgundy , Argentinian Melbecs , Australian Shirazes and , of course , the Spanish Rioja , once you add oak to a Merlot you are entering a whole new world -- and price bracket . Merlots benefit hugely from being oak aged . I 'm itching to start my test . But first I have to fill the Oak Bottle with water . Oak shrinks when dried out , so the instructions warn me the Oak Bottle is inclined to leak until it is sealed using lukewarm water to swell and close up any open wood grain . Sure enough , water drips out over the next two hours -- enough to saturate the kitchen towel I put underneath . Eventually , the wood ready and the drips stop . Now I can start . I pour out the water , decant my Merlot , pop the stopper on and wait . Joel suggests the whole process can take anything from 24 to 48 hours . That 's a drop in the ocean compared to the 12-to-18 month ageing process in a proper barrel . The Celts were n't wine drinkers but apparently were the first to use oak barrels to store and transport their beer and mead . The wine-loving Romans leapt at the invention -- they were sick of their ceramic jugs crashing and breaking on long sea voyages . The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour . They quickly discovered the wooden barrels not only added flavours to the wine but , because wood is porous , also allowed air -LRB- specifically , what we know as oxygen -RRB- to permeate the contents slowly , removing harsh flavours . In fact , that 's the other reason we pay such a premium for barrel-aged wines -- the oxygen changes the molecules in the wine , sweetens the acids , softens the bitter bits and lets the tannins -LRB- or sediment -RRB- drop to the bottom , giving it a gorgeous rich mellowness . Great European winemakers have been using the same technique ever since . It 's still all done by hand . Barrels , which hold up to 300 bottles of wine , can cost well over £ 1,000 , with the price determined by the quality of the oak that 's been used and the skill of the cooper making them . While the overwhelming aroma you get from oak is vanilla , if the wood is toasted a bit over a fire , you also get nutty flavours of hazelnuts and almonds . Toast even longer and you add chocolatey flavours and , later , coffee and burnt toast . The skill of the winemaker is deciding just how much flavour he wants in his barrel . All these flavours infuse the wine . And it takes months . Can the Oak Bottle -- which apparently has a ` medium toast ' flavour -- do the same in just one day ? And , just as important -- can it turn a young fruity wine into a vintage quaff ? If it can , I 'll be the first to splash out £ 50 . The length of time you leave your wine in the Oak Bottle depends how oaky you like it -- but it 's advisable to sample the contents regularly . Therefore , 14 hours into the experiment , I decide to see how the magic is working . Pulling out the stopper , sadly , has none of the heady satisfaction of uncorking a bottle . But I 'm prepared to overlook the disappointment if the taste is right . As I take my first sniff , I immediately get a delicious aroma of vanilla . My spirits rise , but after the first sip they crash . It 's wine -- with a hint of furniture polish . Even though the wine has been in the Oak Bottle for less than 24 hours , the taste of wood is overpowering . All the natural freshness of the fruity young Merlot has disappeared . I feel like I 'm licking a plank of wood . Oz Clarke said the Oak Bottle is a fun product that would certainly make an interesting gift for a wine buff . In a traditionally oak-aged wine , the woody flavours would integrate over many months to give a rich , mellow taste . But this has been forced . This might be remedied by leaving the wine in the bottle for less time . In fact , the Oak Bottle 's developers say you can taste the wine every hour until you reach a level of oakiness appropriate for that particular bottle . I also think the Oak Bottle might actually improve the more times you use it . With each use , I imagine the strong oak flavour will fade . This is because alcohol , which is solvent , dissolves the flavours from inside the bottle . The Oak Bottle is the result of three years of experiments . For example , in winemaking a producer might empty his oak barrel after 18 months . At this point some 80 per cent of the flavours created by the barrel will have disappeared . Reuse the barrel , and there should be only 20 per cent of the oak-lined flavour left . By the third time you use the barrel , you might only have 5 per cent of the original flavour . I suspect it will be the same with the Oak Bottle , so those overpowering notes of beeswax furniture polish would mellow . The Oak Bottle is a fun product , and would certainly make an interesting gift for a wine buff . But there is another trick you can use to improve wine . Simply open your bottle of wine , pour half a glass , screw the top back on -LRB- or put in a stopper -RRB- and give the bottle a good shake . This forces oxygen into the wine , loosening the flavours and making it more drinkable . Leave for five minutes before you enjoy . Perfect -- and it wo n't cost you a penny .