A devastated couple has launched a desperate search for their beloved pet cat after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York . Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at John F Kennedy International Airport . The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , Joseph Naaman , who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly -- apparently while being transferred from the plane -- that Felix was able to get out and run away . Jennifer Stewart and husband , Joseph Naaman , pictured with their cat , Felix , who disappeared April 1 . Jennifer told MailOnline Travel that she is n't satisfied with the way Felix 's crate was secured and transported on the Etihad Airways flight . She said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open , apparently when one of the straps got caught on something as it was being moved to a cargo bay after the April 1 flight . She said : ` To find out how he was transported , I was horrified , I was sick . They basically strapped him in like he was an old box . ` If I had known he was going to travel like that we would have looked for other alternatives . ` He is a part of our family . He 's like a dog . He plays fetch and hide and seek , and he 's the coolest little cat . ' The couple was told that the plastic crate broke open after one of the ropes became tangled on something . Felix 's plastic pet carrier was tied down to a metal pallet while he was transported on the plane . Jennifer said she is n't sure which company was responsible for transferring Felix from the plane , but a cargo manager called her and her husband into an office after they landed to deliver the bad news . ` We were in shock that this happened . At first I thought he was going to tell me that -LSB- Felix -RSB- died . ` He told me his cage was crushed . ' While in Abu Dhabi she spent weeks researching the best way to transport Felix and she initially booked a ticket with a different airline , but there was a problem with the reservation and she was forced to switch to their flight and Felix 's to Etihad Airways . Felix the cat disappeared after his crate was damaged after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York . Owner Jennifer Stewart said she spent weeks researching the best way to transport Felix to the US . Jennifer , a yoga instructor , and Joseph , a strategy consultant , couple spent $ 1,200 -LRB- £ 800 -RRB- to bring Felix to the US with them after living in the United Arab Emirates for three years . They adopted him seven months ago after they found him wandering on the street in their Abu Dhabi neighbourhood , and they never gave any thought to leaving him behind . The couple has n't given up hope that Felix will be found , and has sought help from a non-profit organisation , Where Is Jack ? , which provided a dog that is trained to track down animals based on their scent . Jennifer and Joseph have n't given up hope and plan to return to the airport to search for Felix . The couple adopted the two-year-old cat seven months ago after he was abandoned in their neighbourhood . They searched the airport on Saturday , but were unable to access secure areas , and plan to return tomorrow morning to look for Felix again . An Etihad Airways spokesperson told MailOnline Travel that it is investigating Felix 's disappearance and continues to search for the cat . The spokesperson said : ` We are working with the ground handlers and other third-party specialists , paid for by Etihad Airways , to locate the cat . ` We deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search . Jennifer and Joseph have enlisted the help of a non-profit organisation to locate the cat at JFK Airport . Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and ` third-party specialists ' to find the cat . ` We will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident , as the safety and care of pets travelling with Etihad Airways is a top priority . ' Etihad cargo carries more than 200 animals each year and it is ` extremely rare ' for one to escape , the spokesperson added . MailOnline Travel has contacted the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which oversees the airport , for comment .