Tim Sherwood has urged Aston Villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals QPR the club 's ` biggest game ' for years . They host Rangers on Tuesday with Sherwood admitting he does not have the players to grind out results . Victory would move Villa five points clear of the Barclays Premier League drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if QPR , three points behind with a better goal difference , win . And Sherwood underlined the magnitude of the game ahead of the showdown . Tim Sherwood -LRB- from left to right -RRB- , Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey during their time at White Hart Lane . Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- sits on the bench with Tottenham Hotspur staff Ferdinand -LRB- centre -RRB- and Ramsey -LRB- left -RRB- . Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor celebrates his goal by saluting Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- and Ramsey -LRB- centre -RRB- . ` I think this is the biggest game that a lot of these players have ever played for this football club , ' he said , with Villa in 17th . ` This is without doubt the biggest game of the season for Villa and possibly one of the biggest in a number of years . ` This is the biggest -LRB- of my managerial career -RRB- . ' But the boss believes he must instil a different mentality into his players as he tries to keep them in the top flight . ` We 've got different types of players , you look through QPR 's side and they 've got a lot of players who are men - with a lot of experience in there , ' he said . ` We 've got a few men in there - but we 've got a lot of pretty much icing-on-the-cake players and I 'm trying to get that mentality into them to forget about digging out results . It 's not what we 're cut out to do . ` I have n't identified many players who ca n't cope with the pressure , but you do n't know until they get out there . ' Sherwood is without Alan Hutton , Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair while Tom Cleverley , Kieran Richardson and Aly Cissokho are doubts . Sherwood faces his friend and former Tottenham assistant , QPR boss Chris Ramsey , for the first time since they both left Spurs last summer . Sherwood and Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham and remain close ahead of their showdown . The bond between the two remains strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey 's mobile phone calls for now . Sherwood hinted that if Ramsey 's tenure at Loftus Road ends , then he would ask to bring him to Villa Park . Ramsey has admitted his job at Rangers could be under threat if they get relegated and , while he admitted Ramsey may prefer to be a manager , Sherwood left the door open for a reunion at Villa . He added : ` If there was ever an opportunity for me to work with him again I would do that . ` I would have to speak to the club about whether we could find a role for him here . ` Listen , I know I am biased - he has been good for me and I have been good for him . But he is up there with the very best coaches I have ever seen . ' Ramsey pictured on the touchline during a QPR match as he tries to save the club from relegation . Ramsey must put his friendship with Sherwood on ice for the time being as he tries to see off his pal 's team . Ramsey still lives in Bedfordshire - a short drive from Sherwood 's imposing house in Buckinghamshire .