On the eve of the County Championship season , Charlie Hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade . Only it is not with one of the 18 teams that make up our domestic game . For Hemphrey , a 25-year-old former Folkestone grammar school pupil who suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system , has an amazing story to tell , after forging an unlikely first-class career in Australia . It has been an extraordinary journey for Hemphrey from a second XI debut for Kent at 15 to his recent status as the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978 . That feat was accomplished in Queensland 's final match of the 2014-15 season , a victory over South Australia at the Gabba . Charlie Hemphrey during his Kent career -LRB- left -RRB- and as a youngster for Notts under 11s where he scored his first hundred -LRB- right -RRB- . When he emigrated to Brisbane 18 months ago , he admits his desire for a shot at the top level had regressed into an ` unrealistic dream ' . That it became a reality was due to polar opposite experiences to the ones he endured over here . Every time he was faced with a door it opened whereas previously they had slammed in his face . Kent , Derbyshire and Essex all knocked him back . A stunning first season down under -- in which he finished third top scorer in Queensland 's grade competition -- was followed by a state second XI debut last October . The following month he struck 140 out of 297 all out in the first innings of a game against New South Wales . It put him in the frame for higher honours when the Shield season reopened post-Big Bash and a new year injury to Australia batsman Usman Khawaja gave him his chance . On February 7 he pulled on the maroon cap for the first time . James Pattinson dismissed him for a second-ball duck but Queensland -- showing numerous changes in the wake of Stuart Law 's removal as coach -- crushed eventual champions Victoria by an innings . The following week Hemphrey hit 58 and Tasmania were defeated in Hobart by a similar scoreline . Two matches , two victories ; the Pom had hit the jackpot . Queensland were not going to change a winning side and that very fact secured his future . Matches 5 . Innings 8 . Not Outs 0 . Runs 310 . Highest Innings Score 118 . Batting Average 38.75 . Balls Faced 809 . Batting Strike Rate 38.31 . 100s 1 . 50s 1 . 4s 37 . 6s 0 . ` The system over here guarantees you a minimum contract if you play three state games , ' Hemphrey explained to Sportsmail . ` Cricket Australia upgrade you to a 12-month deal which is about $ 60,000 -LRB- £ 30,000 -RRB- , so after three games I told work I was leaving . I knew I was going to be paid well and the match payments on top are good at just over $ 4,500 -LRB- £ 2300 -RRB- . ' Hemphrey immediately gave up his early morning job for Virgin at Brisbane Airport , co-ordinating their aircraft loads out on the ramps in sweltering heat . A fortnight later , in his fifth appearance for Queensland , he struck 118 on his adopted home ground . The celebratory removal of his helmet and glance to the heavens at reaching three figures an acknowledgement of his late Belgian grandfather Jim Charlier , who while not a cricket aficionado had witnessed his lowest ebb six years earlier when he made 163 for Kent seconds against MCC Young Cricketers . ` I am not really an extrovert , I keep my emotions fairly intact but what happened when I was released from Kent came back to me . A week after basically being told that I was n't good enough my granddad came to watch and it was great afterwards listening to him talk about how I 'd played from his non-cricket perspective , ' Hemphrey explained . ` He passed away last year and so when I got to 100 I looked up and thought about him . I knew how proud he would have been . To me , scoring a first-class hundred in Australia is quite something but he taught me a lot about life , and I have to say I was a lot more nervous when I stood up to speak at his funeral than I was when I was on 97 . ' Although raised in Kent , Hemphrey was born in Doncaster and Geoffrey Boycott , arguably the greatest Yorkshire batsman of them all , would have doffed his cap at the price he places on his wicket . According to Hemphrey , a combination of leaving outside off-stump and playing the ball late is his modus operandi . ` The one thing I have learned over here is that the best time to bat is in the second half of the day , so getting through the first half has been important . Then I have cashed in . ' Hemphrey 's rise is all the more remarkable given that the three counties in his first incarnation as a cricketer were at least as interested in his off-spin -LRB- he has not bowled this past winter due to a labral tear in his shoulder -RRB- . At Canterbury , it meant the presence of James Tredwell blocked his path . Although the three South Africans and two Pakistanis in a Kent side that made consecutive Twenty20 finals days in 2008 and 2009 , when he held two summer contracts , were probably more to blame for his lack of opportunities . ` The club had other priorities , there was little focus on the second XI , ' he says . In contrast , his performances were catching the eyes of Justin Sterns and Trevor Hohns - state coach and convenor of selectors respectively - not long after Australia Twenty20 international Chris Lynn , with whom a friendship developed during a previous three-year stint in Queensland grade cricket , lured him to Toombul . Naturally , there is a tinge of bitterness that his break has come on the other side of the globe : ` I just feel that you ca n't decide someone 's career at the age of 19 . It 's too early . Different people develop at different rates . Look at Ryan Harris , Nathan Lyon , Jonathan Trott and Kevin Pietersen . Those four all hit their prime in their late twenties . ' Not that he completely rules out a return : ` I do n't want to close any doors . I am open to anything and at the end of the day cricket is a very short career in the grad scheme of things . ' But for now he is running with the Bulls as English cricket 's unsung export .