On May 23 , 2010 , bride-to-be Rachelle Friedman was pushed into a pool . Breaking her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down . As paramedics rushed around her , friends wept , and her fiancé frantically phoned from three hours away , Rachelle had one question : Could she still have kids ? ` It was the first thing I thought of , ' Rachelle told DailyMail.com . ` I had no idea what was going to happen to me , or what was going on . But ever since I fell in love with Chris I wanted to have babies with him . When I fell in the pool and they were saying things like `` paralyzed '' , I did n't know if I 'd be able to carry a child . ' Fast-forward half a decade , that question has been answered . Rachelle and Chris Chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on April 18 , thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate . Scroll down for video . Moving : Rachelle Friedman Chapman and her husband Chris -LRB- together in the background -RRB- are days from becoming parents as their surrogate and college friend Laurel Humes -LRB- foreground -RRB- reaches her due date . Excited : Rachelle can physically carry children but her blood pressure is too low . So Laurel , whose husband and son are pictured -LRB- left -RRB- , offered to carry the child for them . The baby will be born near Laurel 's home in Asheville , North Carolina , four hours from the Chapmans . Rachelle had n't seen Laurel for nine years but Laurel , touched by her story , reached out on Facebook . Chris and Rachelle confessed they are nervous but excited to welcome the girl , whose name they wo n't reveal . ` We are both so excited , ' Rachelle said . ` Everything has gone so fast . The baby could come any minute now so we 've got a bag ready , and the nursery is almost all done . It 's amazing . ' Though quadriplegic , Rachelle , 29 , is able to conceive and carry a child . Her condition means all four of her limbs are impaired , not strictly paralyzed . However , the accident left her with uniquely low blood pressure . Unable to stop taking the medication , which could be damaging to a fetus , she and Chris , 32 , started exploring other options . She wrote a blog post on her website about contemplating surrogacy - and a friend from college , Laurel Humes , got in touch . ` I could n't believe it . I met Laurel at college through Chris but she was a bit older than me and graduated that year . So I had n't spoken to her in about nine years . ` After I wrote that post , she sent me a Facebook message saying she had been following our story and would love to be our surrogate . Then it all just went so fast . And Laurel has just been so so great . ' Rachelle and Chris flew from their home in Raleigh , North Carolina , to Surrogacy Together in California to be assessed and start the process . Half a decade 's difference : Rachelle and Chris pictured -LRB- left -RRB- before she fell into a pool on during her bachelorette party . Now , Rachelle and Laurel -LRB- right -RRB- have reached a situation neither anticipated . They have built a crib which Rachelle can wheel under , and turned Chris 's man cave into a nursery . This is the ultrasound picture of the baby . Chris , Rachelle and Laurel all went to the ultrasound together . Despite the narrow odds , they conceived after the first try . Since then , Laurel has been carrying the child at her home on a farm in Asheville , North Carolina - a four-hour drive from the Chapmans . They admit it 's not ideal . ` Unfortunately we have n't had that much time with Laurel and the baby , ' Rachelle explains . ` Obviously , as a woman , you want to carry your child . You start to develop those motherly instincts , and the father develops fatherly feelings . ` For both of us it will be a different experience . We have n't had that time with the baby , then one day we 're going to come home with a baby . ` It becomes more real when we are around her , when we go to visit . We were at the ultrasounds and she came to the baby shower . ' Chris said he never contemplated that their wedding would n't go ahead after Rachelle fell . The pair have been dedicated to publicizing their situation to increase awareness about quadriplegia . But everything is in order . They have built a wheelchair-friendly crib that lets Rachelle wheel herself under it . Aside from some pictures on the wall , the nursery - formerly Chris 's ` man cave ' - is looking baby-ready . The name , though still secret , is set -LRB- ` I let Chris pick ! ' -RRB- . They even traveled over to Laurel 's farm on Easter Sunday to take a glowing set of maternity pictures . As Chris remarks , however , ` no matter how much you prepare , you have no idea how to handle it . ` After Rachelle 's accident , it took time for us to learn how to deal with it , and we dealt with it differently . ` With this , we are on a level playing field : neither of us know what 's coming . And that 's the fun of it . ' Laurel 's due date is April 18 , the day after Chris , a teacher , finishes school . However , her own son was born two weeks early , so they 're prepared for a rush to make the four-hour drive to the hospital , where they will have their own room . ` When I was getting married I obviously had no idea it was going to happen this way , ' Rachelle said . ` But I think we 're ready . And we 're so excited . '