Forget oysters and Champagne , it seems the go-to food for the best lovers is the humble cheese toastie . According to a new survey of 4,600 people , almost three quarters -LRB- 73 per cent -RRB- of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month , compared with 63 per cent who steer clear of the comfort food . And as if bedroom prowess is n't enough , fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and are more likely to travel than those who steer clear of the snack . A survey by social networking and dating site Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex . The type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you , the survey by US dating site Skout found . If you like the simplicity of American cheese , maybe you 're easy going . But making the sandwich with gourmet ingredients such as a 15-year aged cheddar , indicates a more high maintenance personality . In fact , 32 per cent of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least six times a month . For those who do n't like cheese toasties , only 27 per cent have sex with the same frequency . The survey also discovered that 81 per cent of its participants who love grilled cheese - the US version of the snack , in which a cheese sandwich made with bread buttered on the outside , is fried until hot and crisp on the outside and gooey in the middle - say they have donated time , money or food to those in need . And although the sandwich might be the ultimate safe , warming comfort food , those who eat it are adventurous types . It 's all in the filling ! Turn up the heat in the bedroom by eating more grilled cheese sandwiches . Some 84 per cent of grilled cheese fans love to travel , compared with 78 per cent of those who are n't keen on the sandwich . The survey also examined the kinds of cheese respondents preferred and whether they made their sandwiches with the crusts on or off . 1 . American - 41 % . 2 . Cheddar - 33 % . 3 . Mozzarella - 10 % . 4 . Swiss cheese - 8 % . 5 . Provolone -6 % . 6 . Brie - 2 % . The most popular filling is American cheese , picked by 41 per cent , followed by cheddar -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- and , controversially , mozzarella -LRB- ten per cent -RRB- . Continental varieties were at the bottom of the league table with only eight per cent picking Swiss cheese , six per cent opted for provolone and brie was the least popular and only chosen by two per cent . A picky ten per cent of participants say they would remove the crust from their sandwich but almost half -LRB- 47 per cent -RRB- say they like to add extras such as pesto and tomato . But the majority of toasted cheese sandwich lovers are purists , with 53 per cent preferring to make those with only cheese in the filling . The choice of bread is also a point for debate although 51 per cent pick white bread ; a third -LRB- 29 per cent -RRB- like wholemeal but only 13 per cent chooses sourdough , even fewer like rye -LRB- four per cent -RRB- and baguettes come bottom at only three per cent .