A Russian biker gang , which Vladimir Putin describes as his ` friends ' , has camped out on the Polish border after being banned from entering the country for a World War II memorial ride . Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves , with leaders calling their plans to ride through Poland en route to commemorations of World War II a ` provocation ' . The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest , Belarus , and Terespol , Poland . Scroll down for video . Stopped : A Belarussian border guard checks the passport of a member of Russia 's pro-Putin Night Wolves motorcycle club at a border crossing with Poland near Brest . Links : Vladimir Putin rides a Harley Davidson trike next to Night Wolves leader Alexander Zaldostanov in the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk , in 2011 . ` Friends ' : Vladimir Putin , centre , poses for a picture with members of the Night Wolves gang in 2011 . They were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but they were then held in a hangar by Polish officials . Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine , and is disturbed that the Night Wolves has rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Border guard spokesman Dariusz Sienicki said : ` These people will not cross into Poland . Each of them will individually receive a decision denying them entry into Poland 's territory ' . Some Russian bikers had been seen entering Poland earlier but they appeared to belong to another organisation whose members are allowed to enter . Stubborn : A Belarus ' border guard stands in front of members of the Russian Night Wolves Motorcycle Club at a border crossing with Poland near Brest yesterday . Bond : Polish bikers welcome a Russian biker who just crossed into Poland at the border crossing with Belarus . Some Russian bikers who are not members of the Night Wolves have been allowed to enter . Many Poles view the Night Wolves with suspicion because the pro-Putin bikers have rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Members of the Night Wolves rode down en masse to Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula just after it was annexed by Russia in March 2014 , and members have also fought with pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine . The German government has also expressed unease at the bikers and said they would not be welcome . ` This is not a normal bike club . They are tools in the hand of Vladimir Putin to make propaganda , ' said Tomasz Czuwara , spokesman for the Open Dialog Foundation , a Polish group that supports Ukraine . President : The Night Wolves leader Alexander Zaldostanov , known as the surgeon , leads a procession of bikers out of Moscow as they started the memorial run on Saturday . A flag bearing the image of Stalin is seen as Night Wolves bikers gather in Moscow ahead of the memorial run . Many Poles view the Night Wolves with suspicion because the pro-Putin bikers have rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Not all Poles are against them , however . The head of a Polish bikers ' group , Wiktor Wegrzyn , called the Polish opposition to the bikers ` anti-Russia hysteria ' . He and dozens of other Polish bikers gathered on the Polish side of the border Monday to greet and escort the Night Wolves in case they should make it through . The Night Wolves want to travel across Eastern Europe to honour the Red Army soldiers who died in the Allied defeat of Hitler 's Germany , visiting their graves and other war sites . Their aim was to arrive in Berlin for ceremonies marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II on May 8 . They left Moscow on Saturday with tattooed leader Alexander Zaldostanov leading a column of bikers waving red flags with portraits of Stalin and the wartime slogan ` For the Motherland ! For Stalin ! ' out of the gang 's clubhouse . Russia 's Foreign Ministry said it was ` indignant about the refusal of Polish authorities ' , and accused Warsaw of lying about the real reasons it was barring the bikers . Members of the Night Wolves Motorcycle Club lay flowers to the Mount of Glory memorial complex in the village of Sloboda , some 25 kilometers east of Minsk , to honour Soviet soldiers of WWII . A Night Wolves biker gives a St. Georges ribbon to a Belarussian military academy cadet at Mount of Glory monument on the outskirts of Minsk , Belarus yesterday . The Night Wolves are closely linked to President Vladimir Putin , who has joined the bikers several times at rallies , riding a Harley-Davidson trike , and called them his ` friends . ' The gang 's leader , Zaldostanov , 52 , nicknamed ` the Surgeon ' due to his former profession , told journalists on Saturday : ` We wo n't change our plans or our route . ' ` If they do n't let us all come in together , then we will enter one by one , using numerous different entry points , ' he added . ` If we give up on this rally , then we would have to give up on everything else : May 9 -LRB- Victory Day holiday in Russia -RRB- ... our history and all our values , ' he said . But many of the bikers said they had been unable to get visas for Europe 's Schengen zone . Zaldostanov said his passport is still at an embassy in Moscow , not specifying which one , and that he did not yet know if he would get the necessary visa for the trip . The bikers intend to visit war graves and war memorials in the countries they pass through . They also plan to stop at the former Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp , built by the Nazis in occupied Poland and liberated by Soviet forces . Night Wolves bikers arrive at Mount of Glory monument on the outskirts of Minsk , Belarus , yesterday . ` I do n't know what they 're afraid of . We are not harming anyone , we are just honouring the memory of those who fell to destroy Fascism , ' said Alexei Magister , the president of a biker club linked to the Night Wolves . ` We 're not afraid of the welcome we 'll get in Berlin . Our grandfathers were n't afraid ! ' said Alexei Vereshchyagin , a biker who was taking a break from fighting Ukrainian forces in the pro-Russian separatist hub of Lugansk . The Night Wolves biker group was founded in 1989 , just before the fall of the USSR , and has around 5,000 members across the former Soviet Union . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .