A third-grade teacher and married mother of three from Florida has been charged with selling acid and Xanax pills to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old boyfriend . Cheryl Heineman , 45 , from St Cloud , was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics . The woman 's suspected accomplice and lover , 20-year-old Jack Lindsey , is facing the same charges . Scroll down for video . Breaking Bad : Cheryl Heineman -LRB- left -RRB- , 45 , a third-grade teacher from Florida , is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover , Jack Lindsey -LRB- right -RRB- . Hauled off to jail : Heineman was arrested Wednesday outside Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee , where she 's worked since 2005 . The arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early March after an informant tipped off police that Lindsey has been known to deal drugs . According to a 26-page arrest affidavit , an undercover detective contacted Lindsey late last month asking to purchase acid and Xanax . The officer stated that he had bought various controlled substances - Xanax , hydrocodone , tramadol , oxycodone , ecstasy and methamphetamine - from the suspect on three previous occasions . Investigators believe that Heineman , who is married and has three sons , had a romantic relationship with Lindsey and would act as his driver on drug deals , reported WKMG . Lindsey arranged a meeting March 25 with the undercover officer acting as a buyer in the parking lot of the Tractor Supply store on 13th Street in St Cloud , telling him that ` his girl ' would deliver the product . Partners in crime : According to police , Lindsey set up a drug deal last month , telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that ` his girl , ' Heineman will deliver the pills . Nondescript location : The rendezvous between the officer and Heineman took place last month in the parking lot of the Tractor Supply store . Evidence : Heineman allegedly handed the officer three Xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $ 100 in cash . At the agreed upon time , a woman later identified as Cheryl Heineman pulled up in her minivan and handed the officer three Xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $ 100 in cash , according to the affidavit . Like with all the previous drug transactions , police videotaped and recorded the audio of Heineman 's encounter with the cop . Heineman then left , but police took down her license plate number and were able to identify her . The woman was apprehended by police at Central Avenue Elementary at the end of the school day Wednesday and charged with a slew of counts of sale and delivery of Schedule IV narcotics ; sale and delivery of a controlled substance ; conspiracy , and possession of drug paraphernalia . Wife and mother : Heineman is married -LRB- pictured here with her husband -RRB- and has three sons . Booted out : The veteran educator , who has been working for the Osceola County school system since 1990 , will be reassigned out of the classroom . The local station WFTV reported that she was taken to the Osceola County Jail on $ 28,000 bail . Lindsey is being held on $ 48,000 bail . Cheryl Heineman has been working at the Osceola County School District since 1990 in various capacities , including as a teacher at the Kissimmee school for the past nine years , reported WESH-TV . District officials said the third-grade teacher will be reassigned out of the classroom to a post where she will have no contact with children pending the outcome of the investigation .