Despite his daughter remaining in a medically induced coma since she was found unresponsive in a bathtub at her Atlanta home in January , singer Bobby Brown told an audience on Saturday night that she is ` awake . ' Bobby was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas when he told the stunned audience that ` Bobbi is awake . She 's watching me . ' The singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . After the 46-year-old 's comment , his sister Tina posted on Facebook , ' -LSB- Bobbi -RSB- woke up and is no longer on life support !!!!! : -RRB- : -RRB- God is good !! thanks for your prayers , , still a process , but she is going to be ok : -rrb- : -rrb- : -rrb- : -rrb- ' ' But TMZ reported on Monday that Whitney Houston 's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility . Scroll down for video . Singer Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that ` Bobbi is awake . She 's watching me ' ` She 's in the exact same condition she was in when she went into the facility . ' a source told the site , adding the budding singer will only blink occasionally . She is still on a ventilator . There have been reports in recent weeks that Bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife Whitney Houston . Bobbi Kristina 's aunt Pat Houston and grandmother Cissy Houston both believe that the time has come to take her off life support as she has shown no signs of improvement . ` Of course Bobby wants Krissy to wake up and return to her life . That 's all he wants . But there does n't seem to be a lot of hope and the Houston family is resigned to the fact that keeping Krissy on life support may not be the best option , ' a source told the Inquistr . ` They do n't think what Bobby is doing is the best thing for her . ' A source close to Bobbi Kristina 's family reportedly said that ` nothing has improved ' for her even after she was moved to the DeKalb Medical facility in Atlanta in mid-March . According to sources , the family is also concerned if Bobby Brown will remain available to make an emergency medical decision for Bobbi Kristina as he might head to Australia next month . Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles a week ago on Saturday and admitted : ` I du n no what the hell I am going through right now , but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it ' Unresponsive : On January 31 , Bobbi Kristina Brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub . She 's been in a coma ever since . Last week , Bobby Brown made his first public appearance since the aspiring actress was hospitalized by performing at the Soul Food Festival in Los Angeles . During the 11 April performance the singer admitted ` I du n no what the hell I am going through right now , but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it . ' In an emotional outburst during a concert Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life . He looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance , his first public appearance since Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma . The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were ` rough times . ' However , in an odd moment during his 45-minute set , he took time out to promote his range of BBQ sauces . Bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival in downtown Los Angeles after months staying by his daughter Bobbi Kristina 's side . The 46-year-old was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play hits like Do n't Be Cruel and On Our Own . After his drawn-out introduction Bobby , looking tired from performing dance moves , choked up as he said : ` I must tell y ' all . This feels really , really really good . ` I want to thank all of y ' all for coming out tonight to support me and my family . Broke his silence : The former boy bander 's appearance was booked before Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma . It was also Brown 's first time discussing the matter in public . ` Rough times are rough times , hard times are hard times I du n no what the hell I am going through right now , but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it . ' Panting and sounding frustrated : ' There is only one thing I ask of you all tonight and that is enjoy yourselves . ' Smiling he added : ` Do n't be cruel , come on , ' referring to one of his biggest hits the 80s . After a few other tunes , Bobby needed a break from the stage to rest while his boyband performed a number . Bobby needed a towel to wipe his face and often looked out of breath as he relived dance moves from his glory days . Later he was a little less emotional as fans cheered his performances of hits like Roni and Rock Witcha . Had a booth : Brown told the LA crowd , ` Listen I have been doing a lot of things and been working on a lot of projects from Real Husbands Of Hollywood to my own stuff to my new album to my new Edition to Heads Of States and I have been working on my food line ; actually you all can get some food right there , in my booth ' Looking toward his stand where his Bobby Brown BBQ cooking tent was set up at the festival , he told the crowd : ` Listen I have been doing a lot of things and been working on a lot of projects from Real Husbands Of Hollywood to my own stuff , to my new album , to my new Edition to Heads Of States , and I have been working on my food line . Actually you all can get some food right there , in my booth . ' I will over there in a little bit later , if you want to buy some barb e cue sauce , seasonings , chicken and a couple of sausages . I don ' t know what my wife is cooking - whatever it , is is good . You have got to get the season ing , because the seasoning is off the chain , I must let you know . ' Bobby then asked a bandmate to talk about another brand , but fired back : ` Mine is much better , low in sodium content , low in salt for us folk if , you understand what I am saying . ` So I made this for us . ' Wiping away sweat from his face , he added : ` I ai n't done with it yet . I got marinades and all kind of s *** coming out . ' He then corrected himself : ` Excuse my French baby girl . I did n't mean to curse in front of you . And ladies too . ' He then introduced his new r & b boy band band ` who can saanng . ' ` You just listen and tell me if you like it . ' Back to work : Brown 's pregnant wife Alicia Etheredge was also at the food festival , selling Bobby Brown 's BBQ sauce . Bobby 's appearance marks his first time away from Bobbi in months . He had been scheduled to make the appearance before his daughter 's accident . Bobbi remains hospitalized and in a coma after being found unconscious and face-down in a bathtub on January 31 . The Soul Food Festival is among a string of appearances Bobby is contractually obligated to fulfill / The singer is also scheduled to leave daughter Bobbi to tour in Australia . Even though he does n't want to go , the promoters are holding the distraught father to his contractual obligation , TMZ reports . Bobbi Kristina remains on life support in a long-term care center in Atlanta , Georgia , after being treated at the city 's Emory University Hospital where the ex-husband of Whitney Houston visits her regularly . Reportedly Bobby has the final say as to whether the young woman 's support system is turned off .