Mariel Hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as Woody Allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` Manhattan ' . As the granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway , Mariel was from one of the most famous and recognizable families in America . But despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released Tuesday . On top of the world : Mariel Hemingway , 53 , has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides . Independent : Mariel Hemingway , the granddaughter to literary legend Ernest Hemingway , had written a new book where she describes overcoming the legacy of mental illness , addiction , and suicide in her family . Patterns of depression : Her grandfather , Ernest Hemingway killed himself just months before Mariel was born . Out Came The Sun , aimed at adults , and Invisible Girl , written for teens , describes Mariel 's journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of the Hemingway family , which was plagued by mental illness , addiction and suicide . In both books , Hemingway describes her childhood as chaotic . Both of her parents -LRB- her father , Jack Hemingway , is the son of Hadley Hemingway -- Ernest 's first wife ; her mother is Byra Louise Hemingway -RRB- were alcoholics , and she recalls their loud fights during which she played the peacemaker and tried to pick up the pieces . She writes about being woken up by yelling , the smashing of plates and wishing it was all a terrible dream . ` I thought all families threw bottles and would yell and scream like that . I did n't know , ' Mariel told Metro . She reveals that part of the reason she decided to write two books about her depression was to reach out to a younger audience that is n't normally served . ` My publisher said `` I think we should help young people . '' I was so excited because I 've always wanted to reach out to that age group , because that was when I was the most scared . That was when life made the least sense to me , ' she told Yahoo News . Mariel reveals in candid detail the story of her troubled childhood in a famous family haunted by depression , alcoholism , illness , and suicide . Cursed chain : Mariel with , from left , sisters Muffet and Margaux - once the world 's highest paid model - and their father Jack . Difficult childhood : Since her documentary Running From Crazy premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival , Hemingway said she has spent much of her time touring the country and telling her story . Nightmare : Mariel , pictured here at about 15 , says in her books her parents would drink , fight and then she would be left to clean up the mess each night . Mariel was born in 1961 , just a few months after her grandfather , Ernest Hemingway , infamously killed himself with a double-barreled shotgun . The idealized life that the writer was selling to the world , Mariel says , was a coverup for the truth of his self-dramatization and a chronic self-identity crisis , his alcoholism , and his attraction to war . Ernest 's life started to fall apart when he learned his own father had shot himself in the head with a Civil War revolver , according to Mariel . But the family suicides did n't end there . Over the years Mariel 's family was said to be cursed . Mariel 's elder sister , Margaux , a beautiful fashion model and actress , also suffered from depression and in 1996 at the age of 42 , she died from an overdose of sedatives . Mariel says that both Margaux and another elder sister , Joan were both sexually abused by their father Jack , Ernest 's son . However , says she escaped such sexual abuse . The rest of her family , she says , was riddled with alcoholism and arguing . Seminal writer : Mariel 's father Jack had a strange relationship with his own father , Ernest Hemingway -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says the actress . Massive blow : Mariel 's -LRB- pictured in Cannes in 1979 -RRB- success eclipsed that of Margaux when she followed her sister into an acting career . Sisters : Mariel Hemingway , 14 , with her sister Margaux Hemingway in New York in 1976 . She tragically took her own life 20 years later after suffering from depression . Mission : Mariel 's mission as a young girl was to escape the desperate cycles of severe mental health issues that had plagued generations of her family . Here she is pictured in 1983 in the film Star 80 . Her younger sister , Muffet , a heavy drug used in her teens , was schizophrenic , diagnosed with bipolar disorder and spent years in mental hospitals . As if that was n't enough , her mother had cancer -LRB- and later died from a drug overdose -RRB- and four other members of her family all committed suicide . it became Mariel 's mission as a girl to escape the desperate cycles of severe mental health issues that had plagued generations of her family . It meant Mariel , as the youngest member of her family , faced a painful struggle to stay sane . In 2013 Mariel wrote a documentary two years ago called Running From Crazy . It was the first time she had begun to tell her story . She began to speak in front of groups and realized how very similar other people 's tales were to her own . ` We just have variations on a theme . We all have something that 's affected us in a way that 's made us sad or confused us as kids . I 'm starting to come to the realization that my purpose is to help other people be OK with the idea that we 're not perfect , we 're not all balanced , we 're not all happy , shiny people all the time , ' she told Yahoo News . She found unusual ways to cope with the struggle and became OCD and obsessive about her food , schedule , and organization she reveals in her memoir . ` I have a family of addicts . Everybody was addicted to something . When my mother got sick , I started to think that food had something to do with it . I became so obsessed with ways of eating -- whether it was macrobiotic , vegan , fruitarian or drinking coffee all the time -- such extremes . I turned it into a positive , but it took me a lot of years . I was obsessed because that was my addiction . That was what I did to deal with whatever I could n't handle emotionally , ' she says . . Partly to cope , Mariel ventured into acting . ` Part of why I liked making movies so much is that I would make families out of the whole set , ' she says . ` It was a way to avoid worrying about my own family . ' In the memoir she also talks about filming Manhattan with Woody Allen . She says Allen showed romantic interest in her which made her uncomfortable , according to FOX News . May-December : In her new memoir , Mariel Hemingway says Woody Allen asked her to go to Paris with her after filming ` Manhattan ' in 1979 . She was just 16 years old when the film was shot - to Allen 's 43 . Above , a still from the film in which Hemingway plays Allen 's schoolgirl romance . Adult themes : Woody Allen and Mariel Hemingway on the set of Manhattan . At the time of filming , she had no idea how risque the material was and it was n't until she saw the finished film she became aware . After wrapping filming on the 1979 movie , Mariel says then 43-year-old Allen flew out to her parent 's home in Idaho for a visit , during which he asked her to go to Paris with him . ` Our relationship was platonic , but I started to see that he had a kind of crush on me , though I dismissed it as the kind of thing that seemed to happen any time middle-aged men got around young women , ' Mariel wrote . A teenager at the the time , she told her parents that she ` did n't know what the arrangement was going to be ' and ` was n't sure ' if she was going to have her own room . ` Woody had n't said that . He had n't even hinted it , ' Mariel remembers . ` But I wanted them to put their foot down . They did n't . They kept lightly encouraging me . ' On the up : Marial Hemingway has been romantically linked with former stuntman Bobby Williams , with whom she has co-authored several self-help books . These days , Mariel practices yoga and is hoping her books on depression will help thousands with the condition . Mariel recalls waking up in the middle of the night ` with the certain knowledge that I was an idiot ' . She then went to Allen 's guest room , shook him awake and asked : ` I 'm not going to get my room am I ? ' While he fumbled to put on his glasses , Hemingway made up her mind before he could even respond . ` I ca n't go to Paris with you , ' she said . The next morning , Allen ordered a private jet and left the family 's ranch . Mariel picked up an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress in the role . Although the twisted legacy of her family will never quite leave Mariel , in her two memoirs she is able to open up about her claustrophobic first marriage to Steve Crisman , her acting career , and turning to spiritual healers and charlatans for solace . Now desperate to escape the cycles of severe mental health issues that have plagued the Hemingways , Mariel has remained strong and committed to a healthy life , learning how to overcome the family demons . Mariel has two daughters , Dree , a successful model and Langley , an artist , and has found love with her partner , Bobby Williams .