The sister of a bride-to-be who has been missing for three days says the 26-year-old is ` so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet . Stephanie Scott , an English and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton , 550 km west of Sydney , at 11 am on Easter Sunday . At 12.59 pm on Sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday . That was her last known activity . Ms Scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with ` her car or foul play ' . Scroll down for video . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was ` so freakin excited ' Family say the 26-year-old is ` so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet . Ms Scott in Canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen 's party with her mother Merrilyn . A Police image of a car similar to Ms Scott 's - a red Mazda 3 sedan with NSW registration BZ-19-CD . Her vehicle is also missing and family fear she may have had an accident . ` It is the worst thing I have ever been through . You ca n't eat and you ca n't sleep , ' mother Merrilyn Scott told AAP on Wednesday . ` I think today , if we do n't find her today ... you ca n't let yourself think about it but you do . ' As friends and community members turned out in Leeton to search surrounding roads , her parents began organising a helicopter to search from the sky . ` It 's cold and we are running out of days , ' Mrs Scott said . She said while the area was flat , there were a lot of irrigation ditches , creeks and crossings . On Wednesday , police released an image of the car Ms Scott was travelling in , a red Mazda 3 sedan with the NSW registration BZ-19-CD . A NSW Police spokesman told Daily Mail Australia authorities were investigating Ms Scott 's disappearance but were not deploying search teams to look for her . ` We do n't actually have a location of where she may be , the best lead we have is that she 's in a car , ' he said . ` That why the appeal 's gone out to look for her car . Ms Scott -LRB- left -RRB- pictured with her sister Kim Scott -LRB- right -RRB- who said she spent Sunday morning picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti . Kim Scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . Kim Scott said her sister was ` excited ' about marrying her partner of five years Mr Leeson-Woolley , adding that she ` just would n't ' run away . Saturday April 4 : Stephanie Scott drives 45 minutes to nearby Griffith to pick up cuff links for the groomsmen and a bikini for her honeymoon to Tahiti . Saturday 1 pm : A friend sees Ms Scott at Woolworths in Leeton . Saturday 7 pm : Ms Scott talks to her sister Robyn on the phone for 55 minutes , expressing how excited she is about her upcoming wedding . Sunday 10 am : She texts her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley to tell him about her plans for the morning . Sunday 11 am : Ms Scott meets a colleague at her workplace - Leeton High School - to pick up a set of keys . Sunday midday : Mr Leeson-Woolley tries to call Ms Scott but she does not answer . Sunday 12.59 pm : Ms Scott sends an email from the school to the bus company she has hired for her wedding . Sunday 7 pm : Ms Scott fails to show up for a planned dinner date with her fiance in Leeton . Monday 3 pm : Mr Leeson-Woolley reports to police that Ms Scott is missing . Monday 4 pm : Family members start posting on Facebook asking for help in locating Ms Scott . Tuesday 11.54 am : 48 hours after she was last seen , police appeal for public assistance to locate Ms Scott , saying they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her disappearance . Tuesday afternoon : Police door knock houses in the area surrounding Leeton High School . Tuesday night : Police search the school . Wednesday 8.37 am : Ms Scott 's sister Kim , who fears her car may have rolled of the road , asks public to help search along roads in the area . Wednesday 11.12 am : Police release an image of a car similar to Ms Scott 's missing red Mazda 3 sedan . ` The current information is that she 's taken off in a car -- there 's no information to believe she 's wondered off in any particular area which would constitute a search . ' Her sister Kim Scott said she spent the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti . She also sent a text message a month before her April 11 wedding date saying she was ` so freakin excited ' . ` People are saying maybe she got cold feet , it 's definitely not cold feet she 's so in love with -LSB- fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley -RSB- , ' Ms Scott told Daily Mail Australia , adding that her bank accounts have not been used since Saturday . ` She spent -LSB- Saturday -RSB- shopping for her honeymoon . ` She 'd driven to Griffith in the morning to get cuff links for the boys , and a bikini for the honeymoon . ' She texted her fiance Mr Leeson-Woolley at 10 am on Sunday about her plans for the morning , and got a pair of keys from a school colleague at 11 am , but when he tried to call her at midday there was no answer . Her last known location is the school , where she sent the email to the bus company just before 1 pm . On Sunday afternoon , Mr Leeson-Woolley - who had been visiting his parents in Canowindra three and a half hours away - drove back to Leeton and was due to meet Ms Scott for dinner at 7 pm but she never showed up . On Wednesday , Police issued a photo of a car similar to Ms Scott 's missing red Mazda 3 sedan , with NSW registration BZ-19-CD . Kim Scott said she was worried her sister 's car had rolled off the road , and she posted on Facebook asking people to help search for Ms Scott along roadsides in the area . ` Please , anyone available or who can make themselves available , get yourselves to Leeton and the surrounding areas and check those roads . Go slowly . We need as much help as we can . ' Family have also begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding . On Sunday , Stephanie Scott was at Leeton High School to organise work for her students to do while she was away . ` She went to the school to plan work for her students while she was on her honeymoon , ' Kim Scott said . ` Then she was meant to meet Aaron for dinner -LSB- in Leeton -RSB- on Sunday and never showed . ' On Saturday morning , she went shopping in Griffith . A friend saw her at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton about 1 pm and she spoke to her sister Robyn Scott on the phone on Saturday night . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher . Ms Scott spoke to her sister Robyn on the phone for 55 minutes on Saturday night about how excited was . Kim Scott said ` It 's really hard for Aaron to hear ' people speculate his finacee has cold feet . Their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra . Kim Scott said her sister was ` excited ' about marrying her partner of five years Mr Leeson-Woolley this coming Saturday , adding that she ` just would n't ' run away . ` It 's really hard for Aaron to hear that , obviously it 's three days she 's been missing , ' Ms Scott said . ` Our sister Robyn spoke to her for 55 minutes on the phone on Saturday night about how excited she is about marrying him . ` She wants to get married and wants to be there . ' Kim Scott said her thoughtful and crafty sister had handmade flower pot table placements and designed invitations for the wedding . ` She was the most thoughtful person - my birthday was on Easter Monday and she did n't message me and that 's just not like her , ' she said . ` I 've lived in London and now I live in Abu Dhabi and if I 've ever had a birthday or big event she 's the first one to send a card . On Sunday she spoke to a friend on the phone , saying she was ` excited ' about marrying her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley -LRB- right -RRB- this coming Saturday . Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward . ` Even with cold feet she would n't not message me on my birthday , it 's got to be something more than that . ' Ms Scott 's Facebook profile photo shows her on a wine tour in Canberra last month for her hen 's party , smiling and wearing a veil and ` Bride-to-be ' sash . The couple got engaged in Thailand and their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra . Mr Leeson-Woolley said he last spoke to Ms Scott at 10 am on Sunday morning . ` I was in Canowindra , back at mum and dad 's place , and she was in Leeton , ' Mr Leeson-Woolley told the Sydney Morning Herald . ` Everything seemed pretty fine . ` One of her friends rang her on Easter Sunday and she was saying how she was excited and could n't wait . That 's the last time -LSB- anyone heard from her -RSB- . ' Mr Leeson-Woolley told ABC : ` I 've been with her for five years and ... -LSB- her disappearance is -RSB- just out of the blue , out of character for her . ' Officers plan to review CCTV footage from Woolworths and look into Ms Scott 's phone and bank records . They say Ms Scott could be travelling in a red Mazda 3 sedan with registration BZ-19-CD . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher . Police said they hold concerns for Ms Scott 's welfare . Officers plan to review CCTV footage from Woolworths and look into Ms Scott 's phone records and bank statements . Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward . Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Griffith Police on 6969 4310 . Ms Scott was last seen at her workplace , Leeton High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- , about 11 am Easter Sunday . She was seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton -LRB- pictured -RRB- 550 km west of Sydney , on Easter Saturday .