A pregnant model whose sexy selfies have turned her into an overnight internet sensation has snapped yet another another lingerie-clad photo of herself flaunting a barely-there baby bump - just 10 days before she is due to give birth . Sarah Stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles , has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . Although the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure , claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child , their comments have n't stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her tight abs with her 1.5 million Instagram followers . Scroll down for video . So soon : Pregnant model Sarah Stage snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump 10 days before she is supposed to give birth to her son . Feeling sexy : The 30-year-old mom-to-be celebrated being 38 weeks pregnant by sharing this photo of herself in a gold lamé bikini . Sarah , who is of European and Costa Rican descent , took to Instagram on Monday to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet #BabyJames . ' The snapshot of herself in a bra and thong underwear has been liked nearly 45,000 times since it was posed and has earned nearly 5,000 comments . Many women noted that they found Sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . ` I 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . You look absolutely gorgeous @sarahstage #amazing -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' one fan wrote . Baby boy : After posting this bikini photo on Instagram in March , she noted her son is ` growing so much ' Haters gon na hate : Sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . Proud of her bump : Sarah struck various photos for these selfies of herself in her underwear . ` You look absolutely lovely . Hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ` If I ever have children , I 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . I 'm sure James will be amazing ! Congratulations . ' Others compared their figures to pregnant Sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ?! Lord Jesus help us all ! I look like this after dinner -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' ` I look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . Meanwhile , some people noted her son must be as tiny as she is . Bump to bump : Sarah and her friend compared their growing bellies for this playful picture . Just like dad : Sarah shared this adorable photo of matching father and son Timberland boots . ` Baby James will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . And when she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the expecting mom has been posting pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . On Wednesday Sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized Timberland boots , writing : ` Daddy & baby shoe game -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' And despite her critics , Sarah refuses to hide her eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . Stylish mom : Sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she is wearing in this picture . Looking good : Sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ` date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant . She shuns baggy dresses and instead dresses her bump in fitted Lycra or nothing at all . The fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and captures herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . Clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , Sarah has continued to proudly model whilst carrying . Two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ` BTW If you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ` I 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . Ca n't wait to meet James ! #NFG # 37weeks -LSB- sic -RSB- . '