The militant Unite union was facing embarrassment last night over claims it ` sacked ' an activist for complaining about being hired on a zero-hours contract . Former lecturer Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite , after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses . The employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union , which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts , which it says amount to ` exploitation ' . Ed Miliband was left embarrassed today after Labour 's biggest backer was accused of employing workers on zero-hours contracts . It is also a blow to Ed Miliband , who has received more than £ 13million from Unite since becoming leader in 2010 . Mr Reuby , a Unite member for 42 years , claims he was sacked by the union after complaining that he and more than 100 colleagues were employed on a zero-hours basis , with no entitlement to sick pay or paid leave . The 59-year-old yesterday welcomed the ruling , saying : ` I never thought I would be taking my union to court . It is hypocrisy -LRB- on their part -RRB- because effectively what they were using was zero-hours contracts through the back door . ' Mr Reuby 's lawyer Jahad Rahman said Unite had repeatedly tried to avoid its responsibilities . He added : ` There 's a moral as well as legal issue here because workers should not be denied basic employment rights . ` Unite has openly campaigned about the use of zero-hours contracts , which provide far fewer benefits such as holiday pay and pension , yet there is evidence in this case that tutors employed by Unite and other colleges worked under zero-hours contracts . My client was dismissed without any notice . He received a P45 in the post . No fair process was followed . ' Mr Reuby was employed to deliver Unite courses at a string of colleges in London and the South East . The union provided the training , syllabus and course materials . Mr Rahman said his client would now pursue a case for wrongful dismissal against the union . Unite , which is appealing the judgment , claimed it did not employ Mr Reuby , who had a series of short-term contracts from colleges , which did not guarantee any minimum hours . But the tribunal ruled that he was effectively employed by Unite . A spokesman for the union said : ` Unite does not use zero-hours contracts and it is misleading to say so . The tribunal did not find that Mr Reuby was employed on a zero-hour contract , but rather he was employed on a series of short - term contracts . ' Labour was facing further embarrassment over the issue last night after Parliament 's expenses watchdog confirmed some of the party 's MPs were employing staff on a zero-hours basis . Some 68 Labour MPs have used zero-hours contracts in the past two years , including Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls , shadow health secretary Andy Burnham and Mr Miliband 's parliamentary aide Karen Buck . Labour leader Ed Miliband , pictured today in Bury , has vowed to crackdown on zero-hours contracts . Mr Miliband posed for a ` selfie ' with youngsters after a q & a session at Bury Town Hall before tonight 's debate . Ed Miliband 's promised crackdown on zero-hours contracts backfired after it emerged : . Shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt dismissed the figures , saying : ` These were not zero-hours contracts -- they were casual contracts , such as students and interns . ' But the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority said the contracts were offered by MPs on a zero-hours basis , adding : ` The MP is the employer -- it is a matter for them whether they choose to use zero hours . ' Meanwhile , the Conservatives were also facing difficulties last night after a prominent businessman withdrew his name from a letter of support . Pascal Soriot , chief executive of pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca , was one of more than 100 senior executives who endorsed a warning that a ` change in course ' would risk jobs and deter investment . Tory sources last night said Mr Soriot had agreed in writing to have his name added to the letter . But yesterday he issued a statement saying that neither he nor his company endorsed any political party . He added : ` My name should not be used in the context of the letter . ' Labour business spokesman Chuka Umunna said : ` Like most business leaders , Mr Soriot will want to contribute to policy debate but wo n't want to get involved in party politics . '