Burnley manager Sean Dyche has complete confidence that his side will beat relegation . The Clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their Barclays Premier League survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp . Sean Dyche 's squad - minus the four players on international duty - spent last week in Spain preparing for a run-in that begins with Sunday 's tricky visit of Tottenham . Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the Premier League drop . They have a tough battle ahead but recent performances - not least last month 's defeat of champions Manchester City - have given hope that a side rated as pre-season relegation favourites can escape the bottom three . The idea of a late-season getaway worked wonders last year , as Dyche 's men returned to secure a promotion spot and he hopes for a similar boost this time . The 43-year-old said : ` Last year we found it gave the lads a change and a change is almost as good a rest . We came back and we did the business by getting ourselves promoted . Star man Danny Ings will need to be in top form to get the better of the Tottenham Hotspur defence . ` It 's a different kind of challenge this time but we want the same outcome which is to win games and be in the Premier League . ` Wins have been hard to come by - or certainly harder to come by - and it 's a big jump in quality but I think slowly but surely we 're refocusing on what the job is , learning as we go and delivering good performances . ` I have total belief we will be in the Premier League . ' George Boyd -LRB- 21 -RRB- celebrates after scoring the winner against Manchester City at Turf Moor . Burnley were written off by many after failing to win any of their opening 10 games but have since proved they are no pushovers . They remain in the relegation zone but were still just three points off 15th place ahead of the weekend fixtures . The Spurs clash is followed by another tough task against Arsenal but Dyche has no doubt his side will push hard . He said : ` I do n't know what they 're thinking -LRB- about us -RRB- but I think they know we 'll give everything to win a game . That 's well documented . They know about the energy and physical desire of the team and behind that there is quality there . Harry Kane has been the player of Tottenham 's season and will need to be watched carefully on Sunday . ` Of course that 's got to win games . We beat Man City but we need more of that , and it 's not always good play but a bit of luck , a decision to go your way every now and then . ` I think our performances have been decent at least . We know they 're tough games and the next one will be Tottenham but we 'll be ready . ' Dyche has dismissed suggestions that his side , inexperienced at the top level , could start flagging as the heat intensifies in the coming weeks . Michael Duff -LRB- left -RRB- challenges Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez during their clash at the Emirates Stadium . He said : ` Last season there was no sign of that and this season there is no sign of that . ` We will be playing hard in every game to get the points we need to be in the Premier League . It feels like there is no slowing down in what I believe , no slowing down in the training schedules . ` We will be training equally as hard - if not harder on certain days - to be ready for the challenge . '