Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at a university where nearly 150 people were killed by Islamist militants , according to reports . Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa , some 225miles from the capital , to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university , but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims . The critique comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a Kenyan government official . Government representatives have defended the long response time , comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as ` they only remember the one you missed ' . Scroll down for video . Slow response : Kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn massacre where 148 people were killed , but did not arrive until just before 2 pm . Nation in mourning : A woman cries after she has viewed the body of a relative , one of the 148 people killed in Thursday 's attack on a university , at Chiromo funeral home , Nairobi . This picture of a classroom strewn with dead bodies has emerged revealing the true horror of the massacre . Kenya 's elite Recce Company in Nairobi were called in as soon as the first reports of Thursday 's attack emerged , which took place around 5.30 am at Garissa University College . However , as troops were flown in from the capital , help did not arrive at the scene until just before 2 pm , Kenyan newspaper Nation reports . ` This is negligence on a scale that borders on the criminal , ' the Nation wrote in its editorial on Sunday , recalling how survivors said ` the gunmen , who killed scores of students with obvious relish , took their time . ' Some journalists based in Nairobi who drove to Garissa after hearing the first reports of the attack arrived before the special forces , who came by air . Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed defended the slow response time to the massacre , where 148 people were killed , using a football analogy . Paraded : The naked bodies of the alleged attackers were driven around Garissa before the pickup truck parked at a primary school . In the primary school playground , hundreds gathered to look at the bodies of the men accused of being the attackers . ` Fighting terrorism is like being a goalkeeper , ' she said . ` You have 100 saves , and nobody remembers them . They remember that one that went past you . ' Interior ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka also dismissed the criticism . ` If you look at how we responded it was not bad at all , say , compared to Westgate , ' he told the Nation . ` It takes time to assess and make the decisions , escalating it from National Security Advisory Committee to the National Security Council and then to scramble the elite units , get them to the airport and fly them to Garissa which is a two hour flight . There were many moving parts . ' Earlier today , the interior ministry revealed the identity of one of the four gunmen responsible for the massacre on Thursday . Abdirahim Mohammed Abdullahi was the son of a government chief in Mandera County , Interior Ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka said . The chief had reported his son missing last year and said he feared that he had gone to Somalia , said Njoka . Abdullahi graduated from the University of Nairobi with a law degree in 2013 and was viewed as a `` brilliant upcoming lawyer , '' according to someone who knew him . It is not clear where he worked before he disappeared last year , Njoka said . Yesterday , the decomposing bodies of Abdullahi and his three accomplices accused of carrying out the brutal massacre were paraded in front of a large crowd at a primary school today . The authorities drove the naked , bloated corpses of the four alleged terrorists around the town in a pickup truck from the mortuary to Garissa Primary School . A crowd gathers outside the morgue to catch a glimpse of the corpses of the alleged terrorists who killed 148 . Members of the public gather outside the mortuary window to view the bodies of the alleged attackers in the mortuary . People gather to catch a glimpse of the bodies of the alleged terrorists at the hospital mortuary in Garissa . Hundreds of people , some grieving for the loved ones they lost in the siege , gathered in the sweltering heat to catch a glimpse of the men who are believed to be responsible . Pictures of the crowds and the bodies piled onto the vehicle are being shared on social media . Four attackers died at Garissa , but only Abdullahi has been named . It was hoped that crowds viewing the corpses might identify them . Earlier in the day , security forces rescued Cynthia Cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe at Garissa University College and drinking body lotion to survive . Survivor Ms Cheroitich , who hid under a pile of clothes , spoke about her ordeal following her rescue . She told reporters that she was initially too petrified to come out of the wardrobe , but a lecturer she knew eventually convinced her that police officers were not the al-Shabaab gunmen - 50 hours after the barbaric attack began . Kenyan troops searching the building were alarmed when they heard sounds coming from inside a wardrobe . A police officer said : ` She kept asking for reassurance from the security forces they were not al-Shabaab before she could come out . ` She was given milk and rushed to the Garissa hospital , where she is being observed before being given counselling . ' Speaking later in hospital , the survivor said she told officers from inside the wardrobe : ` How do I know that you are the Kenyan police ? ' ` I was just praying to my God , ' Ms Cheroitich , a Christian , said . Four other survivors from the massacre at Garissa University College were found yesterday . A photograph from inside one of the classrooms at the university has emerged , showing at least 12 bodies strewn across the floor , which is covered in blood . At least three people appear to have been huddled in fear in the corner of the room when they were murdered by the militant Islamists . Cynthia Cheroitich , 19 , emerged after two days of hiding inside wardrobe at the university , and was initially too petrified to believe police officers were not al-Shabaab gunmen . Today survivor Cynthia Cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding and drinking body lotion to survive , was rescued . The terrorists raided the university early on Thursday morning , overwhelming guards and murdering people they suspected of being a Christian . A total of 148 people were killed in the siege , with the gunmen shooting and beheading those who could not recite the Koran . Most of those killed were students but two police officers , one soldier and two watchmen are among the dead . Kenya 's interior minister , Joseph Nkaissery said the four terrorist gunmen had strapped themselves with explosives . When officers shot at them , they exploded ` like bombs ' and shrapnel injured officers . Kenyan security officials said dozens of hostages were freed and four of the gunmen , believed to be armed with AK-47s , were killed . The Interior Ministry said five suspects had been detained , some while trying to flee to Somalia , where al-Shabaab is based . Four were Kenyans of Somali origin , and the fifth was Tanzanian , the ministry said . Officials said all three were associates of Islamist teacher Mohamed Mohamud , who is believed to have masterminded the attack . There is a £ 145,000 bounty on his head . Survivors : A woman reacts after seeing her son who was rescued from the Garissa University College attack . Relatives are reunited with their loved ones who survived the attack -LRB- centre -RRB- at Nyayo stadium in Kenya 's capital Nairobi . A woman who survived the attack -LRB- centre -RRB- is reunited with relatives at Nyayo stadium in Nairobi today . The interior ministry said the three suspects arrested at the border had coordinated the attack . Two people were detained at the university , including a security guard and a Tanzanian man . ` We suspect the Tanzanian , who was hiding in the ceiling , was one of the combatants , ' ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka said . ` He had ammunition with him when he was arrested on Thursday night . We suspect the guard facilitated the entry -LRB- into the university -RRB- . ' In a chilling warning today , the terrorist group said more attacks like the university massacre were planned . ` Kenyan cities will run red with blood , ' al-Shabab said in a statement , according to the SITE intelligence monitoring group . The militants said the barbaric attack was in retaliation for killings carried out by Kenyan troops fighting the rebels in Somalia . ` This will be a long , gruesome war of which you , the Kenyan public , are its first casualties . ` No amount of precaution or safety measures will be able to guarantee your safety , thwart another attack or prevent another bloodbath . ' Kenya 's President Uhuru Kenyatta said today that those behind the attack were ` deeply embedded ' in Kenya , and called on Kenyan Muslims to help prevent radicalisation . ` Our task of countering terrorism has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities , ' he said in a televised speech . ` Radicalisation that breeds terrorism is not conducted in the bush at night . It occurs in the full glare of day , in madrasas , in homes , and in mosques with rogue imams . '