A Pakistani man suspected of killing his fiancee and nine of her relatives after they appeared to be reluctant to give her permission to marry - months after he allegedly murdered his own parents . The 25-year-old suspect , who has been identified as Gul Ahmad Saeed , is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday , police have said . Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents , brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match . Frustrated : Gul Ahmad Saeed is alleged to have gone on a killing spree after becoming angry with people obstructing his wedding plans . Pictured : Stock image of Pakistani brides and grooms at a mass wedding . Saeed has been on the run ever since , but returned to his home town in town in north-west Pakistan at the weekend - at which point he is suspected of killing his fiancee 's family with the help of accomplices . He is said to have been outraged over her uncle 's dithering over the marriage . ` The uncle was being very indecisive about the wedding which infuriated Gul Ahmad , ' said police officer Mohammad Jamil . Police were searching for the suspects but they were believed to have fled into the semi-autonomous Pashtun tribal area along the Afghan border , where government authorities hold little sway and police are not legally permitted to go . ` We can not follow anyone there since it is beyond our jurisdiction , and our security would be threatened , ' said Jamil . Fled : Saeed , 25 , is now said to be in the semi-autonomous Pashtun area , on the border with Afghanistan . The killings took place in a deeply conservative area where women there are often discouraged from going to school and have little choice when it comes to marriage . Pakistani women are often killed by men who feel their honour has been offended in some way . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan reported that 869 women were murdered in so-called honour killings in 2013 , the last year for which data is available .