She has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album Rebel Heart . But not everyone thinks she 's the cat 's meow . After belting out Human Nature to Drake at Coachella on Sunday night , Madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips , making out with him for at least three seconds . What the 56-year-old mother-of-four did n't see was that when she was finished , the musician looked horrified , even wiping his mouth . This happened : Madonna French Kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night . In pain : Though Madonna did n't see his expression , he clearly was in pain over the experience . Later , sources were quick to tell TMZ that Drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off , therefore the foul look on his face . It was added by insiders that the smack on the mouth was not planned , but rather a last-minute decision by Madge . The Eighties pop star looked confident as she went in for the bold kiss . Wearing black a tank top that said Big As Madonna , hot pants with stockings that showed off her toned legs , and a pair of kinky boot heels , she sauntered over to Drake , who was sitting in a chair . The blonde beauty pulled back his head after caressing his cheek in a shock move . It was not a little peck either : The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with the 28-year-old hit maker . It WAS shocking : The mother-of-four really went for it and did n't let the Pinkprint singer go . He did n't like it : After the makeout session , Drake seemed horrified , to say the least . She kept singing : As the Canadian wiped his mouth in disgust , the Rebel Heart singer ignored him . She wo n't be happy : Madonna has always prided herself on being a sex bomb so she wo n't want to know that the young star was repulsed by her . The Cherish singer pulled her hair back before planting her lips on his with her mouth full open for all to see . Drake rubbed her head , seemingly enjoying the makeout session at first , before he seemed to change his mind . The Ray Of Light crooner pushed away his hand as she made it clear who was in charge of the steamy encounter . Before the Madonna attack : The Holiday crooner was singing her hits before she went in for the kiss . Givenchy Thigh-High Lace-Up Leather Open-Toe Boots . Get on the waitlist at Saks here ! Visit site . So this is n't quite what we were expecting to see before breakfast but here it is : Madonna and Drake having a smooch ! But nothing could stop our eyes from feasting on Madonna 's thigh high boots whilst she did the deed . The queen of pop proudly put her incredible physique on display in a slogan tank top and over-the-knee boots by none other than Givenchy , and we love their unique open toe and on-trend lace up design . Thigh high boots have been the ultimate footwear trend of the past season and Kim Kardashian was seen in a similar pair of Givenchy thigh high open toe boots at Paris fashion week earlier this year . The open toe design also means that you can keep wearing them throughout the summer with mini dresses , denim cut offs and the like . So there 's no need to regret investing in these high fashion creations . Click right to get on the waitlist at Saks . Ca n't take the wait ? Then take a gander at the style edit below where you 'll find our top picks . DSquared2 120 mm Patent Over the Knee Boots at Luisa Via Roma . Visit site . Kaya Laceup Thigh-High Gladiator Summer Boots at Jessica Burrman . Visit site . Privileged Kato Boot at Zooshoo . Visit site . Manolo Blahnik Kahika Floral Laser-Cut Lace-Up Boot at Bergdorf Goodman . Visit site . Did he know it was coming ? Drake waited patiently as the beauty circled him while singing Express Yourself . He did n't look too worried : The artist sat with arms folded as she went behind him . Here is goes , brace yourself : Before going for the kiss , Madonna pulled her long blonde locks back . When the Borderline singer finished her French Kiss , she walked off in a sexy saunter , so she never actually saw the Truffle Butter singer 's reaction . Drake sat up and looked sickened . The age difference may be a problem - he is 28 and she is 56 making them 28 years apart . She is exactly twice his age . And he is used to dating younger women like Rihanna . Before Express Yourself , Madonna had sung Human Nature and Hung Up . She is not giving up : Coachella is an odd place for Madonna to be as it is known for attracting a younger crowd such as Katy Perry , Justin Bieber , Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid . Coachella is an odd place for Madonna to be as it is known for attracting a younger crowd such as Katy Perry , Justin Bieber , Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid . This shock kiss on stage reminds of when the ex-wife of Sean Penn locked lips with Britney Spears 12 years ago at the MTV Music Video awards . Back then it was a big surprise to see Spears - at the height of her career - make that move . Also on stage was Christina Aguilera . Fierce : When Madonna arrived , she looked ultra glamorous in a shirt dress that fastened at the middle . Surprise ! Madonna reveals her T-shirt underneath a designer jacket . Help ! Drake raises his hand as Madonna kisses him onstage . Oh dear : Drake is seen wiping his mouth after Madonna kisses him onstage . Locked in : Madonna made sure that Drake could n't wriggle away from her advances on stage . Dominant : She appeared to bat his hand away to make sure hers was on top on the stage . Into it ? At first Drake looked like he was in to the kiss and tried to put his hand in her hair . Pitch perfect : Drake belted out his hits , undeterred by the unfortunate stage incident . Owning it : Drake 's was one of the most hotly-anticipated performances of the weekend in Indio . Sultry : Madonna put her leg on a chair as if to prove how provocative she could be . Surprise : Madonna 's performance was n't the only surprise she delivered that night ...