For many women they are a lifestyle essential prone to a fair amount of wear and tear over time . But now well-heeled handbag lovers are paying as much as £ 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new Handbag Clinic in Chelsea . The unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west London high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory . Scroll down for video . Handbag lovers are paying as much as £ 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new Handbag Clinic in Chelsea . Pictured : an Hermes bag -LRB- left -RRB- and a Mulberry -LRB- right -RRB- . The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea -LRB- pictured -RRB- to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory . Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt . It was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair . And amazingly , a trip to the handbag hospital is becoming more and more fashionable , even though the most treatment costs as much as £ 200 . The company say they are now repairing bags worth £ 20,000 every day at the clinic on Kings Road in Chelsea London . They include briefcases and bags belonging to male clients . Grubby bags can be spruced-up through one of four available packages which offer everything from a thorough clean , to a fresh coat of colour or a layer of stain-preventing cream . Customers can even take out ` stain cover ' cover for one handbag for £ 4.95 or 15 handbags for £ 19.95 per month . One customer has £ 100,000 worth of bags on the service . Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas -LRB- right -LRB- and Made in Chelsea star Stephanie Pratt -LRB- left -RRB- . Customers can visit the new store Chelsea , in London , or simply post their bag to clinic . Prices are bespoke , depending on how stained or damaged a bag is , with costs for minor repairs starting at £ 24.95 and the average restoration costing £ 135 . The company was set up after Ben Staerck , the director of leather repair company Furniture Clinic , noticed a surge in demand for specialist bag restoration . Mr Staerck said : ` My father and I launched Furniture Clinic in 2004 to restore and repair heirloom and vintage pieces of leather furniture . ` We soon found our customers were asking us if we could repair their high-end designer handbags because they could n't find a specialist handbag workshop they trusted to restore their high-value accessories . As the volume of bags requiring care continued to increase , we decided to form a company devoted exclusively to handbag repair . ` Demand has soared for work on all types of bags from the likes of Chanel , Jimmy Choo , Hermes and Mulberry , particularly since the opening of our flagship Kings Road clinic . ` Clients from across the world bring their bags with them for repair when they are visiting London , particularly from the US and the Middle East . ' The four available packages include a cleansing scrub where bags are fully cleaned inside and out , and a replenishment package to repair remove stains . More expensive services on offer include total rejuvenation , which also includes a complete coat of colour , and an age-defying service which coats bags with a protective cream to prevent future staining . The first clinic in Newcastle , and last month a second high street outlet opened on Chelsea 's fashionable Kings Road , in London . It is believed that women amass a haul of 111 handbags over the course of a lifetime . And the average well-used bag is thought to harbour enough filth to pose a risk to human health . Some startling research even found traces of E.coli , a poisonous bacteria , lurking at the bottom of some handbags . And another study even found that some are contaminated with more bacteria than the average toilet .