Remembering passwords can be a struggle . While Apple offers touch ID to use your fingerprint to unlock a handset , Google has now released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . Known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ` OK , Google ' . Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . ` We 've heard from multiple users that the fully formed feature is rolling out , ' said Android Police . ` Tapping the option under smart lock will take users to the Google app 's settings . ` A warning advises that trusted voice unlocking is less secure than other options , but just a couple taps and you 'll be able to unlock and execute commands on your secured device by simply uttering ` OK Google . '' However , even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options . The popup when you enable ` Trusted Voice ' warns that the feature is not as secure as a traditional lock screen and that ` Someone with a similar voice could unlock your device . ' Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face . The Face Unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of Android 4.0 , also known as Ice Cream Sandwich , but despite this , it is still a relatively unknown tool . It can recognise a person 's face and recent updates mean it can even establish whether or not the face being shown to the camera is real , or is a photograph . The voice unlock feature has not been officially announced by Google , but has begun to appear on some Android Handsets . To set up Face Unlock , people with Android phones running Ice Cream Sandwich or higher can go to Settings , Security , click on Screen Lock and select Face Unlock . The set-up wizard will then ask the user to take a photo of their face , using the device 's front-facing camera . It will also advise if the lighting or positioning is n't clear enough . Once a photograph is taken it is stored in an encrypted file and each time a person wants to unlock their phone with their face , the Android system will cross-reference the image with this original photograph . To set up Face Unlock , people with Android phones running Ice Cream Sandwich or higher can go to Settings , Security , click on Screen Lock and select Face Unlock . The set-up wizard will then ask the user to take a photo of their face , using the device 's front-facing camera . It will also advise if the lighting or positioning is n't clear enough . Once a photograph is taken it is stored in an encrypted file and each time a person wants to unlock their phone with their face , the Android system will cross-reference the image with this original photograph . As a backup , users need to additionally set up a screen lock pattern or PIN , in case the camera breaks or fails to recognise their face . This can happen in poor lighting , for example . As a backup , users need to additionally set up a screen lock pattern or PIN , in case the camera breaks or fails to recognise their face . This can happen in poor lighting , for example . When Google launched Face Unlock it was criticised by security experts because it could be bypassed by holding static photos up to the phone or tablet 's camera . In the update to Android Jelly Bean in July 2012 , Google added a ` liveness ' check in an attempt to prevent these static images being used to gain access to devices . This meant a user would have to blink while using Face Unlock to prove they were alive . Google already lets its users enable two-step verification for their online accounts , and offers Face Unlock on Android . With Face Unlock , pictured , Android users can use their face to unlock their smartphone or tablet , in place of a PIN or a pattern . A number of Nexus 5 users reported problems with the Face Unlock feature when the phone launched earlier this year , but Google has said that these bugs should be fixed with the introduction of Android 4.4 KitKat . The expression would then be scanned and compared to a previously captured photo to confirm the user 's identity . The patent explains there would be a small margin of error but the user 's expression would have to match the original photo as closely as possible . It is likely this feature may appear in future versions of the Android operating system , although a precise release date has n't been announced .