Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property to rot after he was fined for the condition of a house he rented out which was left in a state of disrepair for three years . The Anfield boss was ordered to pay £ 400 and £ 375 costs , with a £ 40 surcharge at Blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a £ 69,950 terrace house in Accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . Rodgers - whose Liverpool side crashed out of the FA Cup on Sunday in a 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa - and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property in Accrington to rot . Rodgers had been told to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish from the house 's garden . The pair had been ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish , but the house was left to rot . Both Rodgers and O'Hagan , who bought the property in August 2007 , were absent when found guilty at Blackburn magistrates ' court . Local neighbours and former tenants of the property have criticised the failure to maintain the property . The house is located in an area of Accrington which is undergoing a £ 13million regeneration project to sort out over 200 derelict empty properties . Former Deputy leader of Hyndburn Council , Clare Pritchard , said at an earlier stage of the project : ` We are working with PlaceFirst on a major regeneration project to bring over 200 derelict empty properties back in to use in Woodnook within the next three years . ` As an authority we take a tough line on people who fail to bring their properties into repair and this strong enforcement policy will play a part of the regeneration of the area . ' The house -LRB- outlined -RRB- is in an area which is undergoing a £ 13million regeneration project , this image was taken in March 2009 , seemingly before the issues which brought on the magistrates court case . The Liverpool boss issues instructions to Emre Can during Sunday 's FA Cup defeat by Aston Villa at Wembley . An improvement notice , as served to Rodgers and O'Hagan , requires a landlord to carry out work to deal with a hazard associated with a property . If the landlord does not do the work , or ` reasonable progress ' is not made , the local authority can carry out work itself and claim the costs back from the landlord . They were convicted in December 2013 of failing to comply with an enforcement notice under Section 79 of the Building Act 1984 . Rodgers is also believed to own properties in London , near his former club Reading , and in Northern Ireland . Fabian Delph -LRB- second left -RRB- is congratulated by his Aston Villa team-mates after scoring the winner at Wembley . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was denied a fairytale ending to his Anfield career after being knocked out . Rodgers is also believed to own properties in London , near his former club Reading , and in Northern Ireland . Having been eliminated from the Cup , Rodgers is facing a third season at Anfield without a trophy , with the Barclays Premier League title mathematically unreachable . Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored at Wembley to cancel out Philippe Coutinho 's opener and send Liverpool out at the quarter-final stage . Rodgers has a contract with Liverpool until 2018 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .