Straight after Easter on planet football comes squeaky bum time , but the only squeaking at Chelsea came from Jose Mourinho , trying to contain his mirth when told West Ham had the most positive tactics in England . Mourinho was having no truck with the Barclays Premier League 's Fair Play table , which lauded the Hammers for their attacking style and frowned upon Chelsea 's lack of respect . He dismissed it as a joke . He was relaxed ahead of a visit from Manchester United . He even offered support to Manuel Pellegrini , claiming the Manchester City boss had been treated like a ` criminal ' after losing six of eight games . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague Manuel Pellegrini . Pellegrini has overseen a poor run of form at Manchester City , losing six of their last eight games . Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for the ball with Manchester United 's Marcos Rojo . United defender Chris Smalling scores his side 's fourth goal as they beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford last week . Pellegrini poses with Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany -LRB- left -RRB- after winning the league last season . No love is lost between Mourinho and Pellegrini , but the Chelsea manager said : ` I 'm surprised a team that won two titles in three years and are still champions can be brought to hell . ` It looks like they do n't deserve respect , that they are bad players , that the manager is a bad manager , that they are a disaster . But they are the champions . ` You want lots of teams fighting for the title . ` So how can you be so negative with a team that 's won two titles in three years ? Some managers can not win and life goes on , but the guys at Man City ... it looks like they 're criminals . ' Victory on Saturday will extend Chelsea 's lead over United to 11 points and inch Mourinho closer to his first Premier League title since 2006 , having led from the start . ` We are boring , top of the league since day one , ' said the Portuguese . ` Everyone would love the Premier League to be like the Championship , with four teams separated by a couple of points . ` I know this would be the ideal scenario , but since day one we are there . We are trying not to allow that to happen . We have big determination to be champions . ' As for the Fair Play table , well , he could n't care less . It is compiled using data from Premier League delegates who mark teams in six categories . The conduct of Chelsea 's players towards match officials is rated the worst in the league and only Sunderland score worse when it comes to the behaviour of staff . ` I 'm not surprised , ' chuckled Mourinho . ` These delegates are the same delegates who do the evaluation of the referees ' performances and I read them every week . ` I think it depends on the food and drink . We have to change the catering because we have the best and many times they do n't see the games . Next season , bread and water . ' Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic -LRB- centre -RRB- in action during a session at the Cobham Training Ground . Blues winger Eden Hazard -LRB- centre -RRB- dribbles with the ball ahead of team-mate Filipe Luis -LRB- left -RRB- on Friday . Chelsea 's Juan Cuadrado -LRB- left -RRB- shields the ball from the challenge of Luis -LRB- right -RRB- during training on Friday .