Retiring AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts . There had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase , in which he definitely partners Mr Mole , or the feature Bet365 Gold Cup . But there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 . AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts . McCoy 's boss , JP McManus , has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race while O'Neill also has entered Champagne Present . Both would be appropriately named last ever rides for the peerless champion . McCoy told Racemail : ` I will not stop . I will ride anything JP runs and , after that , any rides offered . But it wo n't be until Friday morning until everything is sorted out . ' John Ferguson-trained Aqalim , a winner at Cheltenham last week , looks another prospective mount for McCoy in the Listed Select Hurdle . With top weight On His Own now bound for next week 's Punchestown Festival and Paul Nicholls-trained Rocky Creek , the next highest rated , still not certain to run , there remains a chance the weight of O'Neill-trained Lost Legend will rise sufficiently for McCoy to ride him in the Bet365 Gold Cup . McCoy receives a kiss from wife Chanelle McCoy after winning the Ryanair Chase on Uxizandre , . Alternatives are Nicky Henderson 's 2013 Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Bobs Worth , confirmed an intended starter along with stablemate and Celebration Chase entry Springter Sacre , yesterday . But their regular rider , broken leg victim Barry Geraghty , still retains hope he may return in time . Sam Twiston-Davies has been confirmed as riding Nicholls-trained Unioniste in the Bet365 Gold Cup . A sell-out crowd is expected on Saturday with 18,000 at Sandown . Only 500 tickets remain for sale . The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey is set to retire at Sandown racecourse on Saturday . Sandown are also putting on a free train to Esher for those showing their admittance ticket . It leaves Waterloo at 11.02 . Meanwhile , passionate Arsenal fan McCoy has revealed family commitments will keep him away from the top of the table clash between his team and Chelsea on Sunday . But he added : ` I have a kind invitation from the chairman to attend any home game before the end of the season . ' McCoy pushes Parlour Games into second during his final trip to Aintree racecourse as a jockey .