Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Sunday 's Manchester derby . Van Persie has missed Manchester United 's last six games following an ankle injury he suffered in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21 . Manager Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for Sunday 's game against Manchester City at Old Trafford , but Van Persie reported good news for United fans on Wednesday . Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for the Manchester derby after missing United 's last six games . Louis van Gaal will be pleased to have Van Persie back but he is unlikely to start the game . The 31-year-old tweeted : ` Back to training with the group today . Was a great session . Happy to be fit and able to play again . Looking forward to my next game ! ' Even if Van Gaal considers Van Persie to be fit to take part in the derby , it is hard to see how the former Arsenal front man would fit into the starting XI . United have hardly missed the Dutchman , who has scored just 10 goals this term . During his absence , the Red Devils have only lost once - against his former employers Arsenal in the FA Cup . United have recorded creditable victories over Tottenham and Liverpool and last Saturday they moved above City into third with a 3-1 win over Aston Villa . Wayne Rooney scored a stunning volley during the win . The United skipper has performed well up front in a 4-3-3 formation alongside Ashley Young and Juan Mata , who scored both goals in the 2-1 win at Anfield two-and-a-half weeks ago . Marouane Fellaini has also provided able and robust support from midfield . Wayne Rooney celebrates with Radamel Falcao after scoring against Aston Villa at the weekend . Victory for United this weekend would pile more misery on out-of-form City and improve Van Gaal 's chances of achieving his target of Champions League qualification . Once he returns from his summer break , he is likely to take United on a shortened pre-season tour , with the most likely destination the United States , it has emerged . Van Gaal made no secret of his annoyance at United 's pre-season schedule last summer . United had already committed themselves to a three-week long tour that took in five matches across five American cities by the time Van Gaal took over as manager . United travelled almost 13,500 miles on the trip , which included games in Los Angeles , Denver , Detroit , Washington DC and Miami - all against high-profile opposition . This summer 's tour is expected to see United take on fewer opponents and undertake less travel . The trip will have to be over a shorter period of time too as the Premier League season begins on August 8 - just eight weeks after the end of the international break . It is understood that Van Gaal will sign off plans for the tour in the coming weeks .