A Canadian tourist who was involved in the death of a Chinese woman at the Great Wall of China has agreed to pay more than £ 60,000 in compensation to the victim 's family . Cui Hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman . Mrs Hongfang , from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China , struck her head in a tragedy that was ruled an accident by police . This photo of Cui Hongfang , 73 , was taken shortly before she died at the Great Wall of China . Mrs Hongfang 's husband said she fell down the stairs after she was knocked over by a Canadian tourist . The victim 's husband told Chinese media that the tourist was rushing down a steep set of steps on the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall when she bumped into his wife . Mrs Hongfang fell down the steps and died shortly after she struck her head and lost consciousness . Her husband said : ` The foreigner was moving really fast . She was chasing -LSB- someone -RSB- and laughing and wanted to go between me and my wife . ' The victim 's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist , identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin , and demanded she be prevented from leaving China after police announced that they would not be laying any criminal charges stemming from the April 8 incident . Cui Hongfang receives care from her family and others after she struck her head and lost consciousness . Police interviewed the tourist , identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin , and ruled the death an accident . Relatives even went as far as visiting the hotel where the Canadian was staying and attempting to stop her from returning to Canada , Shanghaiist reported . After two days of pre-trial mediation at a court in Beijing the two sides have agreed on a compensation amount of 600,000 yuan -LRB- approximately £ 63,000 or usd $ 96,000 -RRB- , to be delivered in 15 days , The Beijing News and Shanghai Daily reported . Zhao Fuxing , a lawyer for Mrs Hongfang 's relatives , said the Canadian woman offered a ` sincere ' apology to the family at court . Mrs Hongfang 's son told Sohu News that the Canadian woman , surnamed Fortin , accepted legal responsibility for the accident . He added : ` She said a few words in English . We also accept the apology . ' At least two people have died while visiting the Great Wall of China this month . A Chinese woman suffocated after she fell down and lost consciousness on the Badaling section of the wall , and her family accused tourists of failing to help her , Shanghaiist reported .