A man took a friend 's dog for a walk and hacked it to death with an axe because he was worried it might bite children . Kevin Dixon , 35 , of Newsome in West Yorkshire , took his friend 's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out and then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal . He was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years . Kevin Dixon offered to take his fiend 's Akita-type dog -LRB- pictured -RRB- out for a walk to help his friend and hacked the animal to death because he was scared it might bite a child . Kirklees Magistrates ' Court heard that Dixon had agreed to walk the dog , Tempa , for its owner Amanda Hamer who had been unable to do so after she suffered severe whiplash in early 2014 . The dog had a history of biting people and Dixon had decided to kill the animal after it bit a woman , following a party at Ms Hamer 's home . Dixon told the court he was worried it might bite one of the children sleeping at the house overnight . Dixon -LRB- left -RRB- was convicted after a trial of causing the dog , called Tempa -LRB- right -RRB- , of unnecessary suffering . On the evening of May 16 he took the animal out for a walk and then hit it seven times in the pitch black . He had initially claimed the dog had not suffered when he attacked it and the assault had been all over and done with ` from first blow to last in 10 seconds . ' Tempa was hit with the axe seven times . But he was convicted by magistrates after further evidence was presented in a case brought by the RSPCA at trial earlier in the year . Chairman of the Bench Sue Collins , told Dixon his actions were ` unacceptable ' and he had caused ` suffering to the dog ' but accepts ` he is remorseful and did n't want to cause harm ' . Dixon was sentenced to 18 months in prison , suspended for two years . He was disqualified from keeping animals for 10 years . Catherin McCullagh , for Dixon , said : ` Clearly Mr Dixon 's actions were undesirable if I can put it that way , as well as illegal . ' Speaking after the sentence , Ms Hamer , 43 , said : ` The sentence is too light for somebody who has taken a member of the family . ` Tempa was part of the family , my daughter 's best friend . She absolutely loved him - she has had an awful time through this . '