The ex of a woman convicted of killing their five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt has lashed out on Facebook just days after she was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison . Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , who was spared the maximum 25 years to life , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son Garnett-Paul Spears . The boy 's father , Chris Hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` Please put her in general population ! Thats all im asking for ! Because she wont make it . ' Scroll down for video . Garnett-Paul Spears ' -LRB- left -RRB- father Chris Hill -LRB- right -RRB- lashed at his ex and the boy 's mother on Facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison . Lacey Spears of Scottsville , Kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital -LRB- pictured Wednesday -RRB- . She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 , showing no emotion when she was sentenced . As the conversation continued on his Facebook page the father , who said he was tired of crying over the loss of his boy , stated ; ` Crazy a ** woman needs to be beat to death in prison . ' He also noted his ex 's complete lack of emotion at her sentencing , writing ; ` No emotion what so ever . What the hell !?? ' The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ` unfathomable in its cruelty . ' Prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence , saying Spears made her son ill because she had a bizarre need for attention . Spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to life - he called her a hardworking single mother who gave her son unconditional love . Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . Poignant : Spears is seen here with her son Garnett . Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . Spears ' lawyer Stephen Riebling said she was innocent and blamed the hospital for negligence as he revealed plans to appeal the verdict . While awaiting sentencing , she was being held at Westchester County jail in Valhalla , said a spokesman for Westchester District Attorney Janet DiFiore . Prosecutors blamed Spears , who lived in Chestnut Ridge , about 32 miles north of New York City , for her son 's short and tormented life . Prosecutors blamed Spears , who lived in Chestnut Ridge , about 32 miles -LRB- 51 km -RRB- north of New York City , for her son ` sshort and tormented life . ` Throughout his five years , Garnett Spears was forced to suffer through repeated hospitalizations , unneeded surgical procedures and ultimately poisoning with salt , all at the hands of the one person who should have been his ultimate protector : his mother , ' DiFiore said after Spears was convicted . ` Using the child 's ` illnesses ' to self aggrandize herself , her actions directly lead to her son 's tortured death , ' the prosecutor said . Spears told investigators that her blond , blue-eyed son , whose father was killed in a car accident , suffered from a slew of medical problems from Chrohn 's and Celiac diseases to ear abnormalities , according to court papers . Her social media posts about his ongoing problems and hospitalizations , including photos of his final hours on life support , were introduced as evidence by the prosecution at trial . Spears did not testify at the trial .