A mother was removed from a train and taken away in a police van because she took home a clothes horse she had found ` abandoned ' in a carriage . Aimee Craven , of Hull , East Yorkshire , had claimed the Tesco product worth £ 20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week - because she thought it had been left by its owner . But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker before taking her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough . Police investigation : Mother-of-one Aimee Craven , of Hull , East Yorkshire , was accused of trying to shield the £ 20 Tesco clothes horse from CCTV as she walked off the train in Brough -LRB- above -RRB- with it . Miss Craven - who is now waiting to see if she will be charged , but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft - said : ` I was the first person to get on the train and I spotted it . ` I know the right thing to do would have been to hand it in but I thought , `` I 'll have it '' . It was a spur of the moment , stupid decision , which I am sorry for . ` But I do n't think what I did justifies everything that then happened . The police got on the train , asked me to step off it and I had no idea what it was about . ` Everyone was looking at me . I was absolutely traumatised , it was awful . They asked me if I 'd taken it and I told them the truth . They said it was theft . ' Police insisted to MailOnline that she was not arrested - and told how the victim was on the train at the time of the theft , and had placed the clothes horse behind her seat while travelling . After being taken off the train , Miss Craven was driven home in a police van and asked how long she had lived at her address and whether she owned the property . Facing a caution for theft : Miss Craven was asked by British Transport Police to go for questioning at their offices at Hull Paragon -LRB- above -RRB- , where she was given a solicitor , paid for by legal aid . She was also said to have been asked where she worked , how long she had worked there , which shifts she did and what time she finished . Miss Craven was then made to take her wet clothes off the airer she had been using for a week , while police waited to confiscate the item . The mother-of-one , who cares for the elderly , was then allegedly asked to attend a police station for questioning where she had her DNA taken from a mouth swab and was fingerprinted . She said : ` When I got home and went in and said the police are here for the clothes horse my boyfriend thought I was joking . ` He said , `` Oh very funny , April Fools ' was ages ago '' . Then when I started taking the clothes off he said , `` Aimee I think you are going too far now '' . He just did n't believe me until he saw me giving it to the police . ' The officers then asked Miss Craven to go back for questioning at their offices at Hull Paragon , where she was given a solicitor , paid for by legal aid . She was accused of trying to shield the item from CCTV as she walked off the train in Brough . Miss Craven , who has no convictions , said : ` They made me feel like I was Hull 's most wanted . It really has been the worst experience of my life . With all the questions and them prying into my life I was petrified . ` My solicitor said even if you found something in a skip and took it you could be done for theft and so he advised me to admit theft to get a caution , otherwise it would go to court . ` The whole thing is ridiculous , it 's cost a lot more than the price of the clothes horse . I 'd have happily bought her a new one . It 's a complete waste of their time and taxpayers ' money . ` I 've had to admit theft to get a caution , which I do n't agree with and I 've now got a criminal record . ' A British Transport Police spokesman told MailOnline : ` Following the alleged theft of a clothes horse from the 7.10 am Hull to King 's Cross service on April 9 , a 32-year-old woman from Hull was interviewed after she voluntary attended Hull police station . ` The rightful owner of the clothes horse had placed it behind her seat and discovered it was missing when the train arrived at Brough station approximately 15 minutes later . She contacted police after seeing a woman walking along the platform carrying it . ` The woman was identified after officers reviewed CCTV from the station and undertook an anniversary visit . The item was recovered and has been returned to its owner . She has thanked officers for their actions . ` British Transport Police treats all reports of theft reported to us seriously , regardless of the item stolen , and will investigate every offence thoroughly . '