A food supplier for supermarket giant Tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables . A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet . The worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away . Caught on camera : The farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire . A member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner TH Clements & Son . TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect . The passer-by who saw the man yesterday , who does not wish to be named , said : ` It was disgusting . It wants stopping . ` We name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets . We should do the same with this idiot . ' A spokesman for food producers TH Clements said : ` We terminated the services of the individual worker as he failed to follow company procedures which request that all workers use the toilets provided . ` Despite the fact that a toilet was less than 18 metres away from him , he decided to urinate in the field rather than use the toilet . Immediate action : TH Clements & Son -LRB- pictured -RRB- which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted . ` Highest quality ' : Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ` extensive assessment and review process ' before they reach supermarket shelves . ` Although he did not urinate on the crops , this does not excuse him from his actions . ` All our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they are distributed , including trimming and two quality assessment panels . ` The incident took place in an unplanted area of one of our fields and the worker in question has had his contract terminated as a result of this incident . ` On top of their usual training , all our field staff are currently undergoing a refresher induction . ' TH Clements also said there was absolutely no health issues arising from the incident . The spokesman added : ` Urine is virtually sterile when it leaves the human body , it does not carry any bacteria , it has been used by avid growers for personal use for years as it is very high in Nitrogen . ` Urine is considered safe for individual use . ' The team has more than 150 years combined experience in the Brassica industry . It grows vegetables in Benington which are supplied to several businesses including Tesco . A Tesco spokesman said : ` We work closely with our suppliers to make sure all the products we sell are of the highest quality . ` All our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they reach our shelves . ` We are working with our supplier to make sure all the right processes are in place for the future . '