Trevor Noah does n't take over as Daily Show host until later this year , but he 's already ingratiating himself with American comedy royalty . The South African , whose announcement as Jon Stewart 's replacement surprized many last month , was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld , Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick . The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies . Scroll down for video . PR exercise ? Trevor Noah was photographed on Monday at Citi Field along with Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David as the New York Mets took on the Philadelphia Phillies during Opening Day . Broadway star Matthew Broderick was also present as the South African comedian came to grips with that most American of pasttimes . Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld 's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series . The pair were filmed walking around the DUMBO neighbourhood of Brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white Ferrari . Noah 's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host . Cynics might wonder if Monday 's very public appearance with Seinfield and David was a concerted move to combat that negative publicity but alternatively perhaps the comedian is undertaking a crash course in learning about American culture . His successor Stewart had an infamous obsession with the Mets that became a long-running joke on the Daily Show for over a decade . Noah , who is little-known in the US , rocketed to national fame last month after he was named as longtime host Stewart 's replacement on the satirical news program . Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld 's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series . Noah and Seinfeld were filmed walking around the DUMBO neighbourhood of Brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white Ferrari . However , the excitement surrounding the announcement was tinged by hundreds of internet users accusing the 31-year-old - who is a quarter Jewish - of anti-Semitism for a series of ` offensive ' posts . The comedian quickly apologized and told his two million followers : ` To reduce my views to a handful of jokes that did n't land is not a true reflection of my character , nor my evolution as a comedian . ' It comes as Comedy Central , which hired Noah as a correspondent on the show just three months ago , has defended its newest star as a ` provocative ' comedian who ` spares noone , himself included ' . In a statement , the network said : ` To judge him or his comedy based on a handful of jokes is unfair . ' It added : ` Trevor is a talented comedian with a bright future at Comedy Central . ' Noah , the son of a half-Jewish Xhosa mother and a Swiss father , drew fire for jokes that were described as tasteless , hateful , and unfunny . The controversial tweets were posted between 2009 and 2014 . In May last year , Noah tweeted : ` Behind every successful Rap Billionaire is a double as rich Jewish man . #BeatsByDreidel . ' Noah 's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host . ` Not a true reflection ' : In a tweet earleir this month , Noah told his two million followers : ` To reduce my views to a handful of jokes that did n't land is not a true reflection of my character , nor my evolution as a comedian ' A year earlier , he posted : ` Note to self - Langostines are not Jewish prawns . ' Meanwhile , during a soccer match in January 2012 , he joked : ` Messi gets the ball and the real players try foul him , but Messi does n't go down easy , just like jewish chicks . #ElClasico . ' He also slammed the United States ' midsection in a 2013 tweet , writing that ` When flying over the middle of America the turbulence is so bad . It 's like all the ignorance is rising through the air . ' And in 2009 , Noah , who can speak an impressive six languages , wrote : ` Almost bumped a Jewish kid crossing the road . He did n't look b4 crossing but I still would hav felt so bad in my german car ! ' On Tuesday , the tweets were being posted online by enraged bloggers , who slammed Noah as ` racist ' . One said : ` Jon Stewart , born Leibowitz , wo n't be happy about these highly antisemitic tweets . ' Stewart has voiced his full support for his successor , calling the incoming host ` incredibly thoughtful and considerate and funny and smart . ' He promised that Noah ` will earn your trust and respect . Or not . Just as I earned your trust and respect . Or did not . ' More seriously , he said if viewers give Noah the chance to prove himself , ` it 's going to be well worth it . '