A man who shot himself in the head while waiting in a Las Vegas hotel buffet line sent a 270 page letter to a local newspaper explaining his shocking public suicide . In the angry and emotional package delivered to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Monday , John Noble , 53 , said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the M Resort 's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013 . Included in the detailed package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled ` The Curse ' , wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino . Scroll Down for Video . Explanation : John Noble sent a 270 page package to the Las Vegas Review-Journal complete with two hour DVD to explain why he shot himself on Easter Sunday at the M Resort . Grevience : John Noble -LRB- pictured here with an employee of M Resort -RRB- was reportedly upset because he had lost free buffet eating privileges he 'd won from the casino in a suburb of Las Vegas . Revoked : This the Biggest Winner free buffet ticket that was taken away from Noble after he allegedly harassed female members of staff at the M Resort after the death of his mother . ` Today , I end my life due to the M Resort Spa Casino and its employees , ' said Noble , who included a huge dossier on the members of staff at the resort he blamed for having his free food pass revoked . On Sunday afternoon at around 4.50 pm , . Noble shot himself in the head in front of stunned hotel guests at the resorts famed Studio B Buffet after setting his car on fire in the parking lot . Inside the package that Noble sent to the Review-Journal are reams of notes and documents including a table of contents , photographs and his video bemoaning the loss of his free buffet access which he won in September 2010 . ` In this video , you will learn the reasons why I , John Noble , one-time Biggest Winner , was suicidal on Easter Sunday . ' During his video , Noble demonstrates encounters he has had with the M Resort staff who all try to patiently explain to him why he can not be granted access anymore . Explanation : An agitated Noble included videos of his futile interactions with employees at the M Resort as they tell him he ca n't eat at the buffet . Ominous : At the end of his DVD recording , Noble flashes text that reads ` The End ' and heralds his own suicide . Fury : This is the Facebook posting from Easter Sunday in which Noble attacks staff members at M Resort for taking away his free buffet for life pass . ` You got ta fight for what you believe in and I believe that I was unjustly kicked out , cause if they do have a policy that team members are n't allowed to fraternize with customers and guests then they broke the policy . ' Becoming increasingly agitated , Noble begins to lash out at people for not helping . ` That 's the trouble , people do not get involved , ' says Noble . ` That 's why this world is so screwed up . ' On Easter Sunday , just hours before he took his own life , Noble uploaded a furious invective to Facebook attacking the women he believes got him banned from the casino and the buffet . He writes , ` If you noticed on my friends list are a few lawyers & judges I been trying the past few years to find an attorney to represent me against the lies and slander the M Resort has falsely made about me , even though a few attorneys I met say it 's a good case trying to find one on contingency or pro bono has been a difficult task . ' Angry , Noble writes that everyone at the M Resort are ` hateful ' and pathetic ' and says , ` It is sad that this is what our society has become . I 've been destroyed because I told the truth , I never thought any type of backlash would be so brutal to destroy me in this way . I 'm a genuine person proved by my inability to properly deal with everything that happened . ' He then goes onto give address and names of the women he says got him barred , which the Daily Mail Online is not publishing . In the disturbing and detailed package sent to the Review-Journal , Noble mentions a prior suicide attempt from Easter Sunday 2013 just after he lost his pass , which also happened to be three weeks after the death of his beloved mother , Norma . According to a Henderson police report included by Noble , he was accused by an employee of the casino for stalking , which is believed to be the reason they revoked his pass and banned him from the premesis . Indeed , after the police arrested him for stalking he spent three days in a state psychiatric hospital after presumably suffering a breakdown . Devastated : John Noble 's mental state appeared to deteriorate after the death of his mother , Norma -LRB- pictured -RRB- which appeared to set in motion the chain of events that led to him losing his buffet pass . John Noble said the M Casino Resort and Spa gave him a free lifetime gift of daily buffet meals in September 2010 but revoked it in 2013 over alleged harassment of female restaurant employees , according to newspaper accounts . After he recovered sufficiently , Noble began to contact local media in the hope they would tell his story and even met a reporter from the Review Journal in a Las Vegas Starbucks . The reporter has said that Noble was paranoid and nervous talking about the hotel and repeatedly attacked its employees and management during their conversation . Noble 's death set off panic at the casino , as people dined at the packed Easter buffet around 5 pm on Sunday . The Las Vegas man apparently described his plans for the suicide in a letter to the Las Vegas Review Journal , which was received by the newspaper Monday . Michael Hengel , the editor of the newspaper , confirmed the package was from John Noble . Police spokeswoman Michelle French said the Review-Journal contacted Henderson police reporting the package and that investigators will meet with the newspaper to review it . Police said a 53-year-old man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound and that a car fire in the parking garage is linked to the shooting . The death set off panic at the casino , as people dined at the packed Easter buffet around 5 p.m. Sunday . The incident happened at the M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson , Nevada on Easter Sunday . On Sunday , Noble wrote in a Facebook post ` I been trying the past few years to find an attorney to represent me against the lies and slander the M Resort has falsely made about me . ' The message also included the addresses and names of several women who apparently were casino employees . Both employees and the casino were targets of Noble on social media for some time , the Review-Journal reported . Marina Rizk , a 21-year-old college student from Los Angeles , said in a telephone interview she was with three people on Sunday evening and had waited an hour to get into the buffet . They had just finished eating and were outside of the restaurant when people shouted about a man with a gun in the line . ` There were people in Easter dresses , ' she said . Rizk described a chaotic scene . As she ran out of the casino , she said she warned others before going to hide in the bushes outside . ` I remember this one little boy . I remember telling the family , `` Get the baby . Run . There 's a guy with a gun , '' ' she said . 13-year-old Sierra Abanilla told the Review-Journal while on a buffet line ' -LSB- Me and my family -RSB- heard this loud boom , and it sounded like a balloon that popped but it was too loud to be that . ` I was in shock ... I could n't think , hear , or feel . It was like my senses just stopped working . ' No one else was shot but two people suffered minor injuries . One person was taken to the hospital after a fall and another was checked out at the scene . A spokeswoman for the casino did not immediately respond to requests seeking comment from Daily Mail Online . To speak to a counselor , contact the National Suicide Prevention Line at 1-800-273-8255 .