This is the shocking moment a young Kurdish girl fires a machine gun at ISIS , before boasting she has killed 400 of the Islamic militants - as she is egged on with cries of ` kill , kill ' . The little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers , just behind the large machine gun . She chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ` shooting at Daesh ' in Kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert . Shocking : The little girl claims she is firing the machine gun at ` Daesh ' , the Arabic name for ISIS . Kill : She tells the man she has killed 400 of the extremists so far , as he encourages her to kill more . Target : However , it is unclear exactly what the girl is shooting at in the minute-long video . The man asks her how many ISIS fighters she has killed so far , and she holds up four fingers while boasting ' 400 ' . As she fires the gun , and , according to Vocativ.com , he says : ` Kill , kill . ' However , whether she has actually hit anything is unclear . The video - entitled Young YPG Girl Shoots PK Machine Gun - was posted in January , but has only recently emerged on social networks . YPG is the acronym for the People 's Protection Unit , which has been battling ISIS since the extremists rise to power last year . But while ISIS are known for using young recruits to carry out executions , fight and even become suicide bombers , the Kurds have so far kept their children out of the battle . Propaganda : ISIS are known to use children in videos like this one , where they are being trained as fighters . Sickening : In more horrific videos , ISIS have claimed to be using children as executioners . Feared : The Kurdish are famous for their female fighters , who have been key to driving ISIS out . Rumours : ISIS fighters believe if they are killed by a woman they wo n't get their virgins in the afterlife . One of the most horrifying videos released by the Islamists showed a young boy seeming to execute a so-called spy . They have also released a video of dozens of ` child soldiers ' from Kazakhstan , apparently being trained to fight against ISIS enemies . Instead , they are famous for their female recruits : it has proved to be one of their strengths against the militants , as they appear to believe if they are killed by a woman they will not be rewarded with 72 virgins in the afterlife . As a result ISIS fighters have been reluctant to enter battles with the Women 's Protection Units , or YPJ , reportedly leading to descent within the ranks of the terrorists and hastening their retreat from battles in places like Kobane .