Divock Origi has revealed that the progress of Jordon Ibe at Liverpool this season has left him counting the days until he makes his Anfield bow . The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £ 10million deal after impressing at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , before being loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season . But Origi has been following Liverpool 's progress from across the English Channel and after seeing the rise of Ibe and Raheem Sterling , is eagerly anticipating working under Brendan Rodgers . Divock Origi said the progress of Liverpool 's youngsters have heightened his excitement at joining the club . Origi referenced the progress of winger Jordon Ibe -LRB- left -RRB- as an example of youth players improving at the club . Origi added that he thinks the long-term progress of Raheem Sterling means he is joining the right club . ` When you see how the coach and the staff work with the young players - how Sterling , for example , has learned over the years and how Ibe is now integrating with the team , it is very interesting , ' Origi told Liverpool 's official website . ` It is very nice to have seen that this season . ` The manager is one of the reasons I came to Liverpool - he 's someone who has proven he knows how to work with young players , knows how to develop young players and also lets them play . ' Origi , who has scored seven times in Ligue 1 this season , believes that the backing of Liverpool 's supporters will help him elevate his game . ` I 'm somebody who when I feel loved , when I feel appreciated by the supporters , then I can give even more . It gives you a boost on the field . In Belgium it was this way , and I can see it at Liverpool . ' Origi -LRB- second eight -RRB- earned a transfer to Liverpool after impressing for Belgium at the 2014 World Cup . Origi added that the challenges he has faced at Lille this season will make him a better player for Liverpool . Origi admits it has been a challenging season at Lille attempting balance the demands of the league with the Europa League but believes the experience he has gained means he will arrive at Liverpool a better player than this time last year . ` In a mental aspect , I 've learnt a lot and I 've learnt a lot about football and people looking at you , ' Origi said . ` It 's made me stronger and that 's essential for me before coming to Liverpool . '