The body of a girl who vanished on her fifth birthday while playing at a Texas marina has been found in the water nearby . Fiona ` Kitty ' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on the girl ` after a brief moment ' , she was gone , police said . Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl , KHOU reported . The girl 's father contacted police around 6 pm to report that she had disappeared near the edge of the pier , the Kemah Police Department said in a statement . Scroll down for video . Celebration : Fiona ` Kitty ' Carroll had celebrated her fifth birthday on the day that she went missing , family members said . Her body has been found in the water near to where she is believed to have fallen . Last seen : She is pictured on the Kemah Boardwalk Marina before she went missing on Wednesday . Authorities launched sea , land and air searches with the help of Kemah , Nassau Bay , Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard . Dive teams searched the water for more than seven hours on Wednesday evening , while teams used sonar equipment to comb the water to try to locate the girl . On Thursday morning , the Kemah police announced that the girl 's body had been found in the water near the marina around 9 am . ` We extend our sincerest sympathy for her mother , father and other family members , ' the police department said in a statement to DailyMail.com . ` We would like to thank all the police , fire , federal agencies and Texas Equusearch that assisted us during this tragic incident . ' Kemah police said they hope that surveillance video from boats on the marina could provide further information about exactly what happened . They have said they do not suspect foul play and an autopsy has been ordered . Tragic : The little girl 's body is wheeled away from the scene after she was found on Thursday morning . Sadness : Authorities stand at the site where the child 's body was found in Kemah , Texas on Thursday . Search : A helicopter , boats and divers searched for the girl on Wednesday evening but turned up nothing . The family had been working on their boat ahead of a trip to the Caribbean , KPRC2 reported . A Facebook post on a family member 's page said the little girl was ` bright , curious and friendly ' and said that she was comfortable around water . Family members told KHOU that she had celebrated her birthday earlier that day . An image shows her celebrating her fifth birthday in a colorful crown and grinning beside a Frozen-themed birthday cake . Authorities had also released a photograph of her posing with her new bicycle , which she had been given for her birthday , on the boardwalk before she went missing on Wednesday . Kemah is 25 miles southeast of Houston .