Dundee have vowed to stand by Paul McGowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman . But the Dens Park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest . The 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7 pm and 7 am . And the Dark Blues face Ronny Deila 's night next Wednesday night -- before a Friday night trip to Parkhead on May 1 . McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court . As a St Mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in January 2014 after admitting kicking two officers . The court heard McGowan ` charged towards ' two police officers after a disturbance in Airdrie in the early hours of November 23 last year . He later kicked another officer on the body while being detained at Coatbridge police station . Paul McGowan avoided a prison sentence after a third assault on a policeman . Sheriff Derek O'Carroll spared the Dens star a prison sentence after hearing he had was undergoing counselling through PFA Scotland , the players ' union , for a gambling problem in addition to social work sessions . In a statement Dundee vowed to support their player through his problems saying : ` The club does not condone the behaviour which has led to this and would n't from any member of our staff . ` We fully respect the decision made by the court and Dundee FC will be standing by the player . ` Paul is an integral part of the club and we will be working alongside the PFA with him as he bids to positively resolve his off the field issues . ` With the support of his manager , his teammates and club staff we hope Paul will be able to move forward and be part of another successful season next year at Dens Park . ` The club will be making no further comment on the matter . ' His solicitor , Liam O'Donnell , told the court that social work reports ` finally give some indication that the accused is getting it in terms of his offending . He added : ` He was not in any trouble from the age of 16 to 23 . At age 23 he separated from his partner . The reason he separated has been attributed to an underlying gambling problem . The 27-year-old Dundee midfielder pictured in action against Dundee United last week . ` This gambling problem seems to be the root of his offending . When he takes alcohol his anger about the gambling problem seems to come out through aggression . ' O'Donnell revealed the former St Mirren player was undergoing voluntary counselling each week through the Paisley-based RCA Trust , which helps people with alcohol and gambling addictions . ` He is fully supported by his club , ' he added . ` The managing director of Dundee Football Club is present in court to indicate his support because he is addressing matters . ' After listening to the address , Sheriff O'Carroll reminded McGowan of the previous occasions he had been convicted of offences , in 2010 and 2013 . ` And here you are again facing similar charges , ' O'Carroll added . ` It 's quite correct to say that you are on the cusp of custody and certainly that 's in the thoughts of the court . ' However , he proceeded to sentence McGowan to the tagging order provided he continues with the counselling . ` If you breach the order you will be brought back here and I have already advised you what the outcome will be , ' the sheriff added . Dundee managing director John Nelms , who was accompanied in court by players including captain James McPake , declined to answer questions outside court . McGowan also declined to comment but O'Donnell said afterwards : ` He is relieved with the outcome and he knows he needs to modify his behaviour . He appreciates the support of his club and others . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .