The family of a former art teacher who died from lung cancer after years of pinning pupils ' work to classroom walls lined with asbestos has taken legal action against the local council . Jennifer Barnett worked Archway School in Stroud , Gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child . The 60-year-old died last September , 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos . Loved : Jennifer Barnett worked Archway School in Stroud , Gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child . Above , the mother-of-four with her husband and children . Her husband , Nigel , told an inquest into her death in January that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s . ` She then became an art teacher and from 1977 until 1995 worked at various schools , often hanging paintings on walls containing asbestos , ' he added . The coroner , Katy Skerrett , recorded a verdict of death as a result of industrial disease . A post-mortem found a large tumour in her right lung . Ms Skerrett said : ` It is clear that there was sufficient exposure to asbestos in her occupation for me to reach a conclusion that this lady died from an industrial disease . ' Mr Barnett and his family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for Mrs Barnett 's death and are now taking legal action against Gloucestershire County Council . In a statement released this week , Mr Barnett said that during her time as a teacher , his wife also did clay modelling with pupils and the cupboard where the clay was stored also contained asbestos . He said : ` Jen was a fantastic wife and a wonderful mother to our four children . She was so precious to us and it is hard to believe she 's gone . ` Prior to her illness , she was a very fit and healthy 60-year old who enjoyed playing tennis in her spare time and was a dedicated and extremely talented artist who continued to work right up until her death . ` Our youngest daughter was only 18 when her mum passed away and was just about to start university . ` The whole family misses her dreadfully and we are all shocked and devastated that her life was cut short so suddenly . ' Mrs Barnett worked at Archway School , where she was known as Miss Shonk , as an art teacher before being promoted head of the department . She left teaching aged 42 to have her youngest daughter , but continued to work as an artist . Her family said she remained positive during ` gruelling ' chemotherapy treatment , but died the day after celebrating her 30th wedding anniversary , in September 2014 . Dedicated : For 17 years , Mrs Barnett worked at Archway School , in Stroud , Gloucestershire , pictured , where she was known as Miss Shonk , as an art teacher before being promoted head of the department . Mr Barnett said : ` I 'll never forget the consultant at the hospital asking Jen if she 'd ever been exposed to asbestos and her saying a definite `` yes '' because she knew a lot of asbestos was previously used in school buildings . ` Jen fought the cancer bravely and remained positive throughout gruelling sessions of chemotherapy . ` The day before she died , she even managed to come to the little village church where we were married to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and we had a very special day together as a family . ` Photographs taken that day show her smiling and we will always treasure them . ' Mr Barnett , from Painswick , Gloucestershire , has instructed specialist asbestos disease lawyers at Novum Law to investigate his wife 's working conditions at the school . He added : ` I am hoping former teachers or ex-pupils will come forward who may have some knowledge about the asbestos ceiling tiles at Archway School or know of any other asbestos products or materials that were used there . ' Helen Grady , an asbestos disease solicitor at Novum Law said : ` It is alarming that we are seeing more and more cases involving teachers . ` Asbestos was widely used in the UK as a building material for fireproofing and insulation from the 1950s up until 1985 , when most types were banned . ` It was banned completely from new buildings in 1999 but , sadly the damage had already been done for thousands of victims who have paid the ultimate price for going to work every day . ` We hope anyone who may have attended Archway or worked there remembers Jen and can shed more light on how she got exposed . ' Archway headteacher Colin Belford said staff were saddened by their former colleague 's death , and were not aware of the issues raised by the coroner . He said : ` Staff who worked with her at Archway spoke of her with great affection and admiration . ` I can say that all of the building work which has taken place at Archway in recent years is fully compliant with modern building regulations . ` I am not aware of any current risk to staff or students but will ask the local authority for its assurance on this matter . ' Phil Ashbee-Dobbins , Gloucestershire County Council asbestos administration officer , said : ` Buildings built in the 1960s and 1970s , and even up until the late 90s often have asbestos in them . ` It does n't pose a risk unless it is disturbed , and we help schools under local authority control keep their own accurate records and to make sure it is treated properly and safely . ` Archway School has been extensively renovated in recent years . In addition , regular asbestos audits are completed as part of standard health and safety procedures . ` While we are unable to comment on this specific case , we would like to reassure parents , pupils and teachers that current guidance and practices in our county 's schools appropriately manage the risks associated with asbestos . '