China 's leadership has hit back at U.S. President Barack Obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea . Only yesterday , Obama claimed Beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts . But a furious Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle . The war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands - an area which many other nations claim . War of words : China has criticised the United States over accusations it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands -LRB- pictured -RRB- on the so-called Mischief Reef in the disputed South China Sea . Untouched : Images from before China began its construction there -LRB- pictured in 2012 -RRB- show no signs of tampering . Disputed : But newer images -LRB- pictured in March -RRB- show Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands . Territory : The area near the Spratly Islands where China is constructing artificial islands is claimed by many other countries in the region . Agressor : After the American president condemned China for building land masses on disputed territory , its furious leadership claimed it was Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle . A Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman said : ` The US leader talked about China 's ` sheer size and muscle ' , but one can also see clearly who has the biggest size and muscle in the world . Only hours before Obama 's comments , Hua Chunying added that China has ` indisputable rights ' to the Spratly islands and it was ` protecting its nation 's sovereignty ' , according to the BBC . She said the construction was to serve troops protecting the area , civilian activity such as search and rescue operations , scientific research and commercial fishing . ` The structures ... do not affect , nor are they targeted at , any particular country , ' she claimed before adding China would ` continue to strengthen ' its activities in the area . The US-based Center for Strategic and International Studies -LRB- CSIS -RRB- has has been picturing and documenting the construction of an artificial island known as Mischief Reef in the South China Sea . Massive expanses of sand and concrete were being unloaded among the Spratly Islands in the disputed waters . China used dredging vessels to dig up sediment from the sea before dumping it on submerged coral reefs to make islands , Ethan Rosen , a geopolitical researcher in China claimed . Before-and-after images from the area show aircraft runways appearing from jungle , solid masses where there was once coral and man-made harbours replacing natural reefs . The country claims the work is necessary to safeguard its sovereignty which it asserts over most of the South China sea . But the Philippines , Vietnam , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan all have overlapping claims to the region . Construction : The US Navy initially claimed China was creating a ` great wall of sand ' -LRB- pictured in February 2014 -RRB- in the South China Sea . Controversial : A spokesperson from China 's foreign ministry said the country ` indisputable rights ' to the Spratly islands and it was protecting its nation 's sovereignty . They claim China is illegally reclaiming the contested area and creating artificial islands with facilities that could have military use . Late last month , the U.S. Navy reported the latest land mass China had built was 1.5 square miles in size and created by dumping sand on live coral reefs , possibly damaging local ecosystems . It was just one of several artificial islands China had been creating in the region and their exact purpose remains unknown . Analysts claim the images circulated by CSIS reveal that China is trying to create ` facts in the water ' to bolster its territorial claim . Manila - one of the most vocal critics of Beijing 's actions in the region - has appealed to the international community to intervene after conceding it and other countries in the region are powerless to stop China 's controversial construction . Its foreign affairs spokesman Charles Jose said : ` We are asking the international community to tell China that what it is doing is wrong , and to ask China to stop this reclamation work . China 's declared defence budget of around £ 97billion this year is 55 times that of the Philippines ' £ 1.7 billion . Jose believes Beijing is rushing the construction to undermine an upcoming United Nations ruling on the Philippines ' claim to the territory . He said : ` We think China has a plan and they think they have the means to do it and they can actually do it . Aerial photo shows Thitu Island , part of the disputed Spartly group of islands in the South China Sea located off the coast of western Philippines , pictured on July 20 , 2011 . On Thursday , Obama waded into the debate by telling a town hall meeting in Jamaica that Beijing should not push around countries with which it is in dispute in the South China Sea . The president said : ` Just because the Philippines or Vietnam are not as large as China does n't mean that they can just be elbowed aside . ' The United States broadly supports its Asian allies against Chinese pressure and has asserted that freedom of navigation is in the country 's national interest . On Friday , Hua maintained that China has maintained ` security and peace ' in the region and was working with neighbouring countries . The commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet warned the constructions were ` increasing regional tensions and the potential for miscalculation ' late last month . Admiral Harry Harris Jr added : ` China is building artificial land by pumping sand on to live coral reefs - some of them submerged - and paving over them with concrete . ' Harris said the region is known for its beautiful natural islands but ` China is creating a great wall of sand with dredges and bulldozers over the course of months ' . The dispute centres around hundreds of tiny shoals , reefs and islets in the South China Sea known as the Spratlys and the Paracels . Several south Asian countries stake claim to the territory , though China tries to control the largest portion of the archipelago . Beijing has claimed its right to the collection of land masses is 2,000 years old which , they say , includes the islands in Chinese history . Taiwan supports its claim , and has its own airfield on the island of Taiping . Vietnamese officials say their government has ruled over the land since the 17th century whilst the Philippines , the closest geographically , says the islands belong to them . In 1974 , Chinese forces seized the Paracels from Vietnam , killing 70 troops . There were further clashes between the two countries in 1988 , with 60 Vietnamese soldiers killed . In 2012 China and the Philippines were embroiled in a lengthy maritime standoff over a Scarborough Shoal . The Filipino military employed its largest warship for the dispute over the stretch of water which they call Panatag . Upon boarding a Chinese military vessel for inspection , officials claimed they found live sharks , clams and illegal reef . Later , Vietnamese border agencies refused to stamp passports asserting Chinese sovereignty over a handful of the islands and in January it was claimed China would be taken to a UN tribunal to challenge its stake .