A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit , police said . The bodies of a 37-year-old woman , a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police Monday night , Eastpointe police Lt. Neil Childs said , and investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths . ` We had no prior runs out there for domestic violence or anything of that nature , ' Childs said . ` As far as motive is concerned , we 're still investigating . ' The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck , her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy Fradeneck , WXYZ reported . Scroll down for video . Slayings : The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck , her daughter Celeste Fradeneck and her son Timothy Fradeneck . Incident : Police block the street during an investigation in Eastpointe , Michigan , on Monday . A 37-year-old man is in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children . Home : Officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police . Police went inside and found the bodies of Christie Fradeneck and her two children . Investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the Macomb County prosecutor 's office for review . The man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released , Childs said . Charges are n't likely until Wednesday at the earliest , Childs said . Officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police . She could n't reach her sister , stopped by the home and saw cars in the driveway but did n't get an answer at the door , Childs said . ` We went over to the home to do a well-being check , ' Childs said . ` The husband did open the door . ' Police went inside and found the woman and children dead . Her husband was taken into custody without incident , Childs said , and police were n't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths . Timothy 's ninth birthday and Celeste 's third birthday were less than two weeks away , the Detroit Free Press reported . Children : Timothy 's ninth birthday and Celeste 's third birthday were less than two weeks away . Neighbor : JeQuita Breham talks to the media as police block the street during an investigation in Eastpointe , Michigan . Search : Police were n't looking for anyone else in connection with the three deaths . Neighbor Wes Schwamb told the newspaper ` It 's crazy . It 's hard to believe . The kids always played outside ; the father would be cutting the lawn . ' Neighbor Marline Carrick told the Macomb Daily she heard what she thought sounded like gunfire emanating from the house . She told the newspaper that a woman - eventually identified as the dead woman 's mother - was on the front lawn mourning her daughter 's death . The Detroit News reported police blocked off the majority of the street late on Monday evening . According to the newspaper , after learning three people were killed , neighbor JeQuita Breham began to cry . ` I never actually would have imagined something like this happening , ' Breham told the Detroit News . ` It 's generally quiet here . '