The Statue of Liberty was evacuated Friday afternoon in the wake of a bomb threat , which was ultimately found to be a hoax . Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark . Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious . Scroll down for video . Evacuation : Tourists were rushed off Liberty Island today following a bomb threat resulting in a suspicious package being found . This Instagram image shows hundreds of tourists waiting at a pier to catch a boat to safety . Sniffing out trouble : Twitter user Rick Borgmeyer uploaded this photograph of an officer patrolling Liberty Island with a dog . The NYPD 's bomb squad was scrambled , but a full search of the island finally failed to find anything explosive . An official all-clear was given around 4:30 pm , by which time the park 's 4 pm closing time had passed , so visitors were not allowed back . Tour operators said that all 2,700 evacuees were offered refunds , and that the park would be open as normal Saturday . Social media was flooded with images of the mass exodus from the island , in New York 's harbor . The operation appeared to take around an hour . Nobody was injured , according to officials . The island was deemed safe again around 4:30 pm , but tourists were not allowed back because the island was almost closed for the day . Twitter user Karla Chavez , who appears to have been visiting from California , posted video on the social network of large crowds waiting in line for a boat off the island . K9 : NYPD captain Mark Iocco posted this image of his sniffer dog investigation on Liberty Island . Unloading : Tourists are pictured at Battery Park City making their way off the boat following the bomb threat . Evacuated : The Statue of Liberty , pictured in this 2007 file photo , was evacuated Friday after reports of a suspicious package . Another , Rick Borgmeyer , who appears to be one of the last to be evacuated , posted a picture of an NYPD boat pulling up at the island , and police dogs sweeping the perimeter . All visitors to Liberty Island go through security checks before being allowed on the boats , which consist of bag searches and the use of metal detectors , National Parks Police confirmed . There is also a secondary screening on the island for anybody who wants to go inside the statue . It is unclear where on the island , and at which stage of security , the suspicious locker was .