Office workers were shocked to discover a couple having sex in a park in full view of their tower block on the hottest day of the year . The couple appeared not to mind being in full view during their steamy encounter at the Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley , West Sussex , as temperatures reached 25C in some parts of the UK . Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair , who were semi-naked , did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30 pm yesterday . Scroll down for video . The couple appeared not to mind being in full view as the enjoyed the steamy encounter in broad daylight at the Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley , West Sussex , as temperatures reached 25C in some parts of the UK . Photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time . In one video , taken by shocked office workers , one man can be heard asking ` Why would you do that ? ' before describing it as ` well funny . ' A woman exclaims ` Oh my god ' and ` Oh my dear Lord ' as other employees point out the illicit encounter before she says she wants to get an air horn to disrupt the couple . A man responds : ` We should start clapping ' before the woman quips : ` I do n't think they 'd hear us , open the windows and shout maybe . ' Another claims to his colleagues that it 's the second time the pair got down to business , branding it ` round two ' . The minute-long video finishes with one woman exclaiming : ` Corr he 's classy ! ' . One officer worker who also witnessed the encounter but wished to remain anonymous took to Facebook to share news of the incident . She said : ` I unfortunately witnessed the incident from my office window . ` A couple walked past and instead of stopping or trying to cover up what they were doing in the slightest , the bloke just pulled his jeans up over his bum a little bit and carried on . ' Another , Emma Thrift , said : ` It would n't be the first time we 've witnessed this sort of thing from the office . ' It came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1 C at St James 's Park in London and at Frittenden in Kent . The Met Office said the mercury also hit 24.7 C in Wisley , Surrey and 24.6 C in both Norfolk and Gravesend , Kent . Forecasters said that while temperatures would drop today , some areas such as the south west could still see the mercury hit 22C . Pictured : The sun rises near Latrigg , overlooking Keswick in the Lake District early today . Northern parts of England , where temperatures hovered around just 10C yesterday , will see slightly improved temperatures of up to 12C today . Pictured : Sheep graze near Latrigg , overlooking Keswick in the Lake District . At its peak yesterday , parts of London and the south east were hotter than Athens , Rome , Nice and Ibiza . Sun worshippers enjoyed the unseasonably warm weather , flocking to beaches in Brighton , Bournemouth and Devon , while scores soaked up the rays in London 's parks . However , despite the unseasonably warm weather of late , forecasters predict ` a real reversal of fortunes ' today thanks to a drop in temperatures as a cold front moves down from the north of the country . Many parts of the country , especially the Midlands , are set to see the mercury drop by about 10C as the colder air sweeps down the country . The mercury will fall from the mid-20s yesterday to 12C today . However , while most areas will be cooler than the last couple of days , temperatures will still reach up to 22C in the parts of the south west such as Devon and Cornwall and up to 19C in London . Northern parts of England , where temperatures hovered around just 10C yesterday , will see slightly improved temperatures , with up to 12C forecast today . It is not the first time a couple have been caught having sex in full view of others . Earlier this year , a 50-year-old regional manager and 26-year-old office worker enjoyed a steamy encounter after staying late at work at an insurance firm in Christchurch , New Zealand . They undressed and had sex in front of the large office windows , quickly drawing attention from those across the street . Video footage and photographs of the encounter caused an online phenomenon that was watched by millions worldwide .