A quick-thinking 10-year-old helped deliver her baby sister at home using vital tips from television 's ` One Born Every Minute ' - after she secretly watched the programme against her parents ' wishes . Trinity Culley , from Fingringhoe , Essex , used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme which she secretly viewed in her bedroom after her mother told her it was too graphic . But when her mother Dee Culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action . Trinity Culley -LRB- second from left -RRB- , pictured with her mother Dee and siblings Samuel -LRB- left -RRB- , Jade -LRB- right -RRB- and Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose , who she delivered when her mother went into labour two weeks early . Whilst her dad Terry , 34 , was on the phone desperately trying to arrange for a lift to hospital Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay . Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister , Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose , who arrived in the family 's front room weighing 7 lb 1oz . Mrs Culley said : ` My waters had broken and my husband was on the phone to get his mum to take us to hospital . ` But by the time she got here , the baby had already been born . ` When it all started happening , Trinity turned to me and said : `` It 's OK mum , I have seen One Born Every Minute . I 'll go get the towels . '' ` She was just amazing . Words ca n't express how proud I am of her . I think a lot girls of her age would not have been so calm and known what to do . ' The 10-year-old used the knowledge she gained from watching One Born Every Minute to deliver her baby sister -LRB- pictured together -RRB- . Mrs Culley said she has since given her daughter a ticking off for secretly watching ` One Born Every Minute ' , the series set on a hospital 's labour ward . She added : ` Trinity just turned and said to me : `` But mum , if I had n't , I would n't have known what to do '' . ' Mrs Culley , who now has four children , described how her husband was on the phone to the 999 operator as she gave birth . She added : ` They asked him : `` How far along is she ? '' and I could hear him saying : `` She 's got two weeks left '' . ` Then he was saying : `` I can see a face , oh and there 's a body '' . An ambulance arrived between five and ten minutes later , but we had pretty much done everything for them . ' She and her newborn baby were checked over , but neither needed treatment . The couple have four children - Trinity , Jade , 2 , Samuel , 1 , and their new arrival Jasmin Elizabeth Rose , who was born on March 31 . Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother that everything would be okay after Mrs Culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule . Trinity , 10 , knew how to deliver the baby after gaining vital tips from the TV programme One Born Every Minute -LRB- pictured -RRB- .