An elderly couple died in a freak accident after the woman fell down the stairs in a desperate attempt to save her partner who had also tripped . Mary Murphy , 66 , is thought to have tried to grab hold of John Wood , 67 , when he stumbled at the top of the stairs , but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths . Their bodies were found by paramedics on Wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home , after concerns were raised about their welfare . Mary Murphy , 66 , and her partner John Wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs at their home in Failsworth , Greater Manchester . Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating they believe it was a ` bizarre and tragic ' accident . It is understood that Miss Murphy , a retired office clerk , had lived at the property in Failsworth , near Oldham , all of her life , having looked after her elderly parents . In recent years she struck up a close friendship with Mr Wood . The retired couple were devoted to each other and attended a prayer group , though it is not known whether either pensioner had any children or close relatives . Miss Murphy had been a regular worshipper at nearby St Mary 's RC Church , where priest Father John McKeown described her as ` very kind and well-liked ' . He believes the accident occurred because the stairs at her home are very steep and she used a walking stick to get around . Both Miss Murphy and Mr Wood were also overweight and suffered from severe mobility problems . He said : ` Mary was not very good on her feet . If one of them tripped while they were trying to get down then this could have brought the pair of them tumbling down . It 's absolutely tragic . ' The couple 's home was cordoned off as police forensic investigators were seen going into the property . Residents spoke of their sadness at the couple 's deaths , with one saying : ` It is the most shocking thing to happen -- that a simple slip could cost them both their lives . They were devoted to each other . They will be really badly missed in the community because they were such a force for good . ' Another said : ` It is very upsetting and we are in mourning . I would see them at mass on Sunday , they were always smiling and you could tell they loved each other . ' Detective Inspector Lewis Hughes from Greater Manchester Police said : ` This is an extremely bizarre , albeit tragic incident and our thoughts are with the couple 's family and friends . ' Emergency crews were first called to the terraced house 10.50 am on Wednesday and discovered two bodies at the bottom of the stairs .