Scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots that can carry over 100 times their own weight . The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier . They are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future . New footage shows one robot slowly pulling an older model up a wall as it hangs on a delicate piece of string . David Christensen , a student in the Cutkosky Lab , compared the robots ' achievements to a human pulling a blue whale . He told New Scientist : ` You can do some pretty amazing things . ' Scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots , one pictured , that can carry over 100 times their own weight . Geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to scurry across ceilings and walls without falling off . The robots ' ` feet ' are covered in tiny rubber spikes , mimicking these hairs . They were built under a microscope using tweezers . They will be presented next month at the International Conference on Robotics and Automation in Seattle , Washington . Geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to scurry across ceilings and walls without falling off . The tiny hairs create a weak bond with the area they are standing on , allowing them to get a strong foothold . As they are not sticky , they are also able to attach and detach their feet easily . These adhesives toepads are what inspired the scientists at Stanford University . The robots ' ` feet ' are covered in tiny rubber spikes , mimicking the hairs . When pressure is applied by the robot climbing the wall the spikes bend , which increases their surface area and allows them to ` bond ' to the surface . Only one foot moves at a time to ensure the robot moves forward without falling down .