Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring and the 51-year-old , dubbed the ` Dark Destroyer ' , has certainly still got what it takes . Ilford-born Benn , who now lives in Australia and works as a charity worker , looked as sharp as ever as he joined in a playful pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym . Benn landed a series of punches , including one that saw Hatton 's glove fly off , as he put the 36-year-old through his paces following his return to England . Earlier this week , Hatton and Benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ` Hitman ' training Conor Benn , Nigel 's son , ahead of the 2016 Olympics in Rio . Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn takes on Ricky Hatton on his return to the ring . The 51-year-old Dark Destroyer does a spot of pad work with the Hitman at his Manchester gym . Ilford-born Benn shows he still has what it takes as he moves Hatton around the ring in Manchester . Former boxer Benn joins in a playful pads session in the ring with Hatton at his Manchester gym . Hatton watches on as Benn prepares his latest assault during some pad work at the Manchester gym . Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional and impressed on the pads . Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor when he arrives in Britain in June . The younger Benn will have to go some way before he manages to surpass the accomplishments of his Dad , though , a man remembered as one of the top 10 British boxers of all time . Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional and did n't taste defeat till he came up against the underrated Michael Watson . That rare taste of defeat led to the boxer taking a gamble on life in America and he quickly won the WBO middleweight title after stopping Doug De Witt in a brutal encounter . Benn stopped Iran Barkley in just one round in a title defending performance that shocked the world in his next bout as people began to discuss just how far he could go . Barkley had been in the ring with the likes of Roberto Duran and Thomas Hearns , but there was more to come from Benn as he returned to Britain to fight Chris Eubank . The bout against Eubank was a fight that well and truly grabbed the attentions of the British public as both fighters went hell for leather as soon as the bell went . Benn knocked Eubank to the canvas during that fight , the first time Eubank had ever been sent to ground during his career . However , Eubank came back to defeat Benn in the ninth to capture the WBO belt again before Benn went on to win his next 10 fights . Boxer Chris Eubank keeps his cool as Benn confronts him ahead of one of their bouts . Benn crouches low as he looks to avoid the powerful punch of Eubank during their bout in Birmingham . He recaptured the WBC middleweight title against Mauro Galvano and defended the belt three times before he was able to face Eubank in the ring again . That re-match was one of the biggest boxing events ever staged in Britain and was watched by almost 50,000 fans at Manchester United 's Old Trafford Stadium . But there was to be no separating the pair as the fight ended in a draw . However , many fans ringside believed Benn was the victor of the fight and therefore both boxers kept their respective belts . Eubank and Benn look face to face following their fight as members of both sides look on in the ring .