As expected , Amir Khan will fight Manny Pacquiao 's recent victim Chris Algieri in New York and has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments . This confirmation sets up two successive big nights of televised boxing involving Khan and his British rival Brook . The Bolton-born fighter takes on Algieri at the Barclays Center in New York on Friday , May 29 . Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29 at the Barclays Center in a televised bout . Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin at London 's 02 Arena on Saturday , May 30 and Sky Sports are expected to screen both events . Criticism followed initial speculation about Khan 's opponent but he has hit back now by declaring Algieri a much more significant challenge than Gavin . Scepticism about Algieri was driven by the six knock-downs he suffered during a record points defeat by Pacquiao in Macau , China at the end of last year . The New Yorker has fought some of the best boxers in the sport and most recently battled Manny Pacquiao . Algieri is the reigning world light-welterweight but is taking on Khan at full welterweight , as he did Pacquiao . He won his title with a courageous victory over fearsome Russian puncher Ruslan Provodnikov , getting off the canvas to earn rave reviews . Khan says : ` How can Kell knock Algieri given the quality of men he has boxed , while there is no-one of note on Gavin 's record ? ` Algieri has shared the ring with some tremendous fighters . Manny is a huge , very difficult fight for anyone but I know I 'll have to be at my best on the night . ' Kell Brook is going to fight Frankie Gavin in the 02 Arena but has repeatedly called out Khan . Algieri is native New Yorker and will draw strong support to the Center but Khan says : ` I have good feelings about fighting again in New York , where I beat Pauli Malignaggi on my debut there . I look forward to being back there . ' New York is also the home city of his wife Faryal . Khan has already been in camp with trainer Virgil Hunter in Oakland , California for seven weeks . He will make a flying visit to Las Vegas on May 2 to watch Pacquiao v Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century , again hopeful of luring the winner into a mega-fight with himself .