Ex-New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez had access to a black Glock pistol , had a distrustful nature and often described his friends as ungrateful , a former friend testified at Hernandez 's murder trial on Wednesday . Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd , but not about a separate 2013 incident in which Bradley contends Hernandez shot him in the face . Hernandez , 25 , is charged with killing Lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister . Lloyd was found shot dead in June 2013 in an industrial park near Hernandez 's home in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . During one sidebar Bradley stared directly at Hernandez , who refused to make eye contact . Scroll down for video . Alexander Bradley -LRB- above -RRB- appeared in Bristol County Superior Court on Wednesday for Justice Susan Garsh to decide what he could testify to in front of a jury in the Aaron Hernandez murder trial . Bradley , who says he was Hernandez 's -LRB- above -RRB- former drug dealer and then his best friend , can not reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye . Bradley , who has sued Hernandez over a February 2013 shooting incident , will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel . ` Another gentleman passed a firearm to Mr. Hernandez , ' said Bradley . ` It appeared to be a Glock . ' The murder weapon in the case has not been recovered , but prosecutors have said it was a black Glock pistol . The gun Bradley will testify about ` could have been , might have been , the murder weapon , ' Garsh said . Bradley told the judge he was Hernandez 's marijuana dealer before they became friends , and described the football star as a ` chain smoker ' who bought the drug in quantities of up to 4 ounces at a time . Later , he said , Hernandez became one of his ` best friends . ' According to a civil lawsuit filed by Bradley last year , the friendship came to an end during a late night dispute in February 2013 , when he claims Hernandez shot him in the face , causing him to lose his right eye . Bradley never filed a criminal complaint . He also said that Hernandez once said Lloyd was ` rude ' in passing after the way he ignored the former footballer at his own home . Bradley will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol -LRB- similar to the one above -RRB- in a Miami hotel . Prosecutors have contended the February incident is relevant to the Lloyd murder since it shows that Hernandez had no trouble shooting his friends . The defense has argued that Hernandez would not have killed Lloyd because of their friendship . During questioning before testifying to the jury , Bradley said Hernandez often told him he had a hard time trusting people and believed that some of his friends were ungrateful for the things he did . Garsh ruled that Bradley could testify to those points . But the judge blocked Bradley from testifying that Hernandez was ` unreasonably suspicious ' and would not allow Bradley to use iPhones around him , or that Hernandez believed he was being tailed by police cruisers and helicopters . The defense meanwhile worked to discredit Bradley , who they said did not mention the gun to a grand jury , once claimed he never sold drugs to Hernandez and has a long list of pending charges against him , among them assault , burglary , reckless endangerment , and multiple gun charges . This as the prosecution is expected to rest their case tomorrow . Meanwhile , Hernandez 's lawyer James Sultan has implied he only plans on calling one witness when they begin their case on Monday .