It was not particularly pretty but Andy King 's 86th minute winner has kept Leicester City 's hopes of Premier League survival alive , at least for now . There was a frantic sense of do or die in the closing stages at the King Power stadium . Pearson and his players surely knew anything less than three points against West Ham , a side who have not won away from home since December 2nd , would see them doomed to relegation . At the final whistle , the players went to all four corners of the stadium to applaud their fans . Just four points behind Sunderland with six of their eight remaining games to be played at home , it is very much game on for Foxes . Andy King was the hero as Premier League strugglers Leicester City struck late to earn a vital three points against West Ham United . Leicester City hero King is joined by veteran striker David Nugent following the Welsh midfielder 's late winner against West Ham United . Seasoned professional Nugent had the chance to all but secure Leicester City victory but the striker missed from the spot . Nugent saw his penalty kick thwarted by West Ham United 's Spanish goalkeeper Adrian during the Premier League clash at the King Power . It was eyeballs out , quickfire action from the 80th minute . The Hammers had a flurry of chances with Schmeichel forced into two good saves and at the other end Aaron Cresswell made a miraculous block on the line to deny a Andrej Kramaric effort . But substitute Kramaric supplied Jamie Vardy whose scuffed shot was tapped in by King from two yards out . Pearson and his opposite number Sam Allardyce embraced and shared a raucous laugh before kick-off . Both are somewhat relieved of pressure . Nugent rues his missed opportunity as the former England international is denied a goal for relegation threatened Leicester City . West Ham United instantly punish the Foxes as Senegalese international Cheikhou Kouyate scores their past Kasper Schmeichel . Leicester : -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- Schmeichel 6.5 ; De Laet 6 -LRB- King 79 6 -RRB- , Morgan 6 , Huth 5.5 , Schlupp 6 ; James 6.5 , Cambiasso 7.5 ; Mahrez 7 -LRB- Albrighton , 45 7 -RRB- , Nugent 6 , Vardy 7 ; Ulloa 6 -LRB- Kramaric 72 8 -RRB- . Subs : Konchesky , Drinkwater , King , Albrighton , Wasilewski , Schwarzer , Kramaric . Booked : None . Scorers : Cambiasso -LRB- 12 -RRB- King -LRB- 86 -RRB- . Nigel Pearson : 7 . West Ham : -LRB- 4-3-2-1 -RRB- Adrian 7 ; Jenkinson 5 , Collins 6 , Reid 5.5 , Cresswell 6.5 ; Noble 5 , Song 6.5 , Kouyate 7.5 ; Downing 6 , Nolan 5.5 -LRB- Amalfitano 65 6 -RRB- ; Sakho 7 -LRB- Cole 80 , 6 -RRB- . Subs : Jaaskelainen , Demel , O'Brien , Amalfitano , Jarvis , Cole , Nene . Booked : Jenkinson , Redi , Collins , Cresswell . Scorers : Koutaye -LRB- 32 -RRB- . Sam Allardyce : 5.5 . Referee - Mark Clattenburg : 6.5 . How Andy King scored late Leicester City winner , CLICK HERE for more Match Zone . West Ham United 's Senegalese international Kouyate celebrates after scoring to make it 1-1 while Wes Morgan appeals to the linesman . Leicester City take the lead via a spectacular effort from footballing legend Esteban Cambiasso at the King Power Stadium on Saturday . Cambiasso celebrates after scoring to make it 1-0 during the Premier League match between Leicester City and West Ham United . West Ham have had their Premier League survival all but assured since before Christmas and it appears even securing a finish outside of the Premier League 's bottom six for a third successive season -- a feat not achieved since the last century -- can not win Allardyce a new contract . Meanwhile nobody realistically expected Leicester to escape their current predicament at the foot of the Barclay 's Premier League and seven points from safety before this game . If they do it will represent a remarkable turnaround in results . The message pre-match from Pearson and midfielder Jamie Vardy was that if they could recapture the spirit they showed in a 4-3 defeat against Leicester a fortnight ago they would overcome the Hammers . In starting the consistently lively Riyad Mahrez , an attacking intent was demonstrated and the home side were lively from the start . James Collins , the 31-year-old Welshman , made several important clearances in the first ten minutes for West Ham and the travelling fans responded with a chorus of ` he 's the ginger Pele . ' But it was as he retreated to goal that the ball ricocheted off his back and into the path of Esteban Cambiasso who cooly put Leicester ahead after 12 minutes . The ball bounced kindly for the Argentinian whose sublime right footed strike just outside the D sailed in . As his teammates rushed to celebrate , he showed a wise head by urging them to get back into position . Cambiasso slides to his knees as he celebrates in front of the Leicester City fans following his opener for the relegation threatened Foxes . Leonardo Ulloa draws a foul from Carl Jenkinson during the Barclays Premier league match Leicester City and West Ham United . Moments later referee Mark Clattenburg made the right decision to award the home side a penalty after Carl Jenkinson brought down Leonardo Ulloa . But David Nugent 's effort from the spot was woeful , low , right down the middle and easily saved by Adrian . They were left to rue the missed opportunity when the Hammers pulled one back in the 32nd minute . Alex Song sent a floating ball into he box which soared over the head Jeffrey Schupp and was controlled by Cheikou Kouyate , the Senegalese firing low and powerfully into the bottom left corner past a helpless Kasper Schmeichel . Kouyate was close to doubling his goal tally in the 73rd minute , his shot from Sakho 's lay off hitting the post . Meanwhile Vardy had two good chances in as many minutes . In a thrilling display of end-to-end action both sides demonstrated the best of their attacking wares and some rather poor defending too but ultimately Leicester deserved to come out on top . West Ham United midfielder Mark Noble holds off Matthew James during the Barclays Premier league match at The King Power Stadium . West Ham United 's Spanish goalkeeper Adrian comes out to try and deny Vardy a goal during the Premier League clash .