An aspiring 21-year-old rapper was shot dead while making a music video in Maryland Wednesday when police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used a prop . Keaway Lafonz Ivy , who went by the stage name Kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd Place and Eastern Avenue in Seat Pleasant Wednesday night . On Friday , police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy 's slaying . Scroll down for videos . Keaway Lafonz Ivy , 21 , who went by the stage name Kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while filming a music video in Maryland Wednesday . He was accompanied by as many as 20 people . Crime scene : The shooting took place in the area of 62nd Place and Eastern Avenue in Seat Pleasant , Maryland . According to investigators , Ivy was shooting a rap video with about 20 people at around 10.30 pm in the parking lot of a housing complex when a gun being used as an accessory went off , killing the musician , reported WJLA . Police were able to determine that Lafonzo Iracks was involved in the filming of the video , but he fled the scene after Ivy 's death . Officers tracked down the 21-year-old suspect to Northwest Washington DC Friday morning and apprehended him . Iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge , according to NBC Washington . Arrest made : Police in Washington DC arrested and charged 21-year-old Lafonzo Iracks -LRB- left -RRB- , accusing him of killing his friend Ivy -LRB- right -RRB- during filming Wednesday . There is no word at this time on a possible motive behind the killing of the prolific YouTube artist and aspiring rapper . Most of Kealo 's music videos feature the rapper puffing on a cigarette and posing with thick stacks of bills while surrounded by a pose of young men . Some of the low-budget recordings , many of them shot in building stairwells and in the street , also feature the 21-year-old musician handing firearms . His Instagram account similarly includes photographs of guns . Ivy is survived by his young daughter , Skya , and a large extended family . Dangerous game : Ivy , who often posed for pictures and videos brandishing guns -LRB- left -RRB- and stacks of bills , was allegedly shot with a gun he was using a a prop in the music video .