A senior Islamist party official convicted of crimes against humanity has been executed in Bangladesh . Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30 pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka . The assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers , prosecutors said . Scroll down for video . Senior Islamist party official Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was convicted of crimes against humanity and has been executed in Bangladesh . Above , Bangladeshi security personnel escort an ambulance leaving Central Jail carrying his body . But the move has been slammed by the man 's supporters , who have called for a nationwide general strike . His execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency . The country 's Supreme Court rejected his final legal appeal against the death sentence , which he received in May 2013 . Members of Qamaruzzaman 's family visited him yesterday afternoon for the last time , his lawyer Shishir Manir said . Shortly after TV footage showed an ambulance , thought to be carrying Qamaruzzman 's body , leaving the jail under police escort . In a statement Jamaat-e-Islami , Bangladesh 's largest Islamist political party , denounced the execution and called for a protest against the government 's action . A Geneva-based UN High Commissioner for Human Rights urged officials not to carry out the execution , claiming that Qamaruzzman 's trial did not meet ` fair international ' standards . His execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency . The country 's Supreme Court rejected his final legal appeal against the death sentence , which he received in May 2013 . Bangladeshi security personnel stand guard outside Central Jail . In a statement Jamaat-e-Islami , the country 's largest Islamist political party , denounced the execution and called for a protest against the government 's action . A spokesman from the U.S. State Department added : ` We have seen progress , but still believe that further improvements ... could ensure these proceedings meet domestic and international obligations . ' Bangladesh blames Pakistani soldiers and local collaborators for the deaths of 3million people during the nine-month war seeking independence from Pakistan more than 40 years ago . An estimated 200,000 women were raped and around 10million people were forced to take shelter in refugee camps in neighbouring India .