The Tories have jumped to a six point lead over Labour in the polls , putting David Cameron within striking distance of an overhaul majority . With just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for Labour , according to the pollsters ICM . The shock poll , published this afternoon , comes after the Tories unveiled their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £ 1million . Scroll down for video . With just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for Labour , according to the pollsters ICM . Bad news : Just 33 per cent of voters plan on supporting Ed Miliband , pictured at the Labour Manifesto Launch , in the upcoming election . It came after a series of polls had suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of the Tories and will be a major blow to Ed Miliband in the wake of the his manifesto launch today . According to the ICM poll for the Guardian , the Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month -- while Labour has dropped two points . The Lib Dems remain unchanged on 8 per cent -- with Ukip even further behind on 7 per cent , tied in fourth place with the Greens . However , a separate poll by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft had to two parties tied on 33 per cent . Ukip and the Lib Dems are each up three points at 13 per cent and 9 per cent . But the Tory campaign will be buoyed by the Guardian ICM poll which gives the party its strongest public support since 2012 -- and three points higher than it achieved in 2010 . According to the ICM poll for the Guardian , the Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month -- while Labour has dropped two points . David Cameron , buoyed by a new poll today , was out campaigning in Alnwick , Northumberland , today . Mr Cameron has consistently claimed the Tories can win a working majority at the election -- having fallen just short five years ago . The Prime Minister needs another 23 seats to take the number of Tory MPs in the House of Commons to 326 . Mr Cameron has pitched the election as a straight choice between himself and Mr Miliband and will be encourage by further findings buried in today 's poll , showing that voters are increasingly happy with his performance as Prime Minister . Ed Miliband , unveiling Labour 's manifesto in Manchester today , suffered a blow today after polls showed he was falling behind David Cameron in the race for Number 10 . The survey gives Mr Cameron a public satisfaction rating of plus 18 -- with 52 per cent of voters saying he is doing a good job , and only 34 per cent suggesting he is doing badly . Only in November , Mr Cameron 's net score was -3 last November . Mr Cameron 's personal rating remains comfortably ahead of Ed Miliband 's -- with the Labour leader languishing on -30 . Mr Cameron 's standing is also streets ahead of that of all the other political leaders -- with Nick Clegg stuck on -20 and Nigel Farage on -- 16 . Mr Cameron and the Chancellor George Osborne are also the most ` trusted team to run the economy properly ' for 44 per cent of voters . This is compared to just 17 per cent who would rather trust Mr Miliband and Ed Balls .