Ken Clarke has bemoaned the Tories ' recent electoral performances , claiming the party has become ` too right-wing ' to win an election outright . The Conservatives will not win this year 's General Election because they have become ` too right-wing ' , former Chancellor Ken Clarke has said . The Tory MP bemoaned the Conservatives ' recent electoral performances , complaining that they ` have n't been able to win an election for 23 years ' as the party has ` become much too right-wing ' . In a wide-ranging interview with the New Statesman magazine , Mr Clarke also warned against offering ` blank cheques ' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets , and criticised the Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband . Mr Clarke , who has served under Margaret Thatcher , John Major and David Cameron , said : ` Most elections I fought the Conservative party had won . And now we have n't been able to win an election for 23 years . ` It 's become much too right-wing . Which I hope David will continue to seek to redress in coming times . ' Mr Clarke cautioned against signing up to ` blank cheques ' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets . David Cameron has promised to protect the health , schools and foreign aid budgets again if he wins next month 's election . But critics warn the move will place intense pressure on other departments like defence and policing , which will have to bear the brunt of planned cuts . Mr Clarke also took a swipe at Defence secretary Michael Fallon 's claim last week that Mr Miliband would ` stab the country ' in the back by ditching the Trident nuclear deterrent in the same way he had knifed his brother David during the Labour leadership campaign . ` Personally I disapprove of personal attacks on your opponents . I 've never done that . I also think it costs you votes . If either side goes in for personal attacks on the other side . ' Mr Clarke , who served four years in David Cameron 's Cabinet , is known for his outspoken views , and is one of the few remaining Tory cheerleaders for the European Union . But his intervention remains an embarrassment for the Tory leadership in the run-up to the election . Jon Ashworth , Labour 's shadow Cabinet Office minister , said : ` This is an embarrassing blow for a Tory campaign in chaos . Even David Cameron 's own ministers recognise the Tories have failed working people and are now making desperate promises with no idea where the money is coming from . ' Mr Clarke served four years in David Cameron 's Cabinet and is one of the few remaining Tory cheerleaders for the European Union .