A down-on-their-luck couple from Ohio struggling with chronic conditions that left them unable to make a living were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week , less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored . Randy and Jodi Speidel , from Bellefontaine , created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help . Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off . Hopeless : Randy and Jodi Speidel , from Bellefontaine , Ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help . Heartbreaking : The middle-aged couple died from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning caused by two charcoal grills they had dragged into their bedroom . Last-ditch effort : Mrs Speidel wrote on GiveForward.com in late February that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and cut down their food intake to one meal a day . After having paid $ 500 to their landlord to prevent their immediate eviction , Mrs Speidel stated that they were left with only $ 33 to their name . To stretch their meager funds a little farther , the impoverished , ailing couple were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did not have enough scraps to feed their two cats . ` I have turned in every direction possible and do n't know what else to do , ' she wrote . ` If you can help , we will be forever grateful and will even pay you back once we get back on our feet . ' The Speidles were hoping to raise $ 1,000 , but the online campaign failed to draw any donations whatsoever . On Tuesday , the couple 's landlord , Doug Elleman , arrived at their rental at 225 West High Avenue to discover a pink handwritten note warning passersby of carbon monoxide inside , reported Bellefontaine Examiner . Firefighters who were called to the scene entered the residence and discovered a pair of charcoal grills filled with smoldering coals . Jodi Speidel , 46 , and her 45-year-old husband , Randy , were pronounced dead at the scene . Orpahns : The couple leave behind two daughters , Randa -LRB- pictured right as a baby with her father -RRB- and 20-year-old Kira Speidel . Columbus Dispatch reported that a note found nearby confirmed that the husband and wife had made a suicide pact . The couple had removed their beloved pet cats from the house to spare their lives . They were later found wandering outside . The couple leave behind two daughters , Randa and Kira Speidel . In a post left last month on her parents ' GoFundMe.com page , which has since been removed , 20-year-old Kira called the couple ` the hardest-working people I know . ' She went on to say that now that they can no longer work because of their physical ailments , ` they have nowhere to run . ' Police Chief Brandon Standley said the town has resources available for people in need like the Speidels , adding that it 's tragic that they thought they were all out of options . In one of her online pleas , Jodi Speidel mentioned she had applied for assistance and was told to wait . Her GiveForward.com campaign description indicates that despite her infirmities , Speidel was able to land a new job but needed some help to tie them over until her pay checks started coming in .