Like many teenage girls , Madison Hurd had been dreaming of her prom all year . But a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from Seward , Nebraska in the hospital , and it seemed like there was no chance she 'd make it to her special night . That is , until nurses and Hurd 's friends brought prom right to her bed at the Children 's Hospital and Medical Center in Omaha . After a sudden infection landed Madison Hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom , nurses and her friends brought the Great Gatsby-themed dance to her bed instead . Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons . Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons , according to Live Well Nebraska . They even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council at Milford High School . The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown , and her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage . Hurd 's mother Catrece said the nurse 's efforts brought her to tears . ` It 's their day off . When I think about it , I just do n't know what else to say , ' she told WOWT . ` They surprised us with everything . There are no words to explain and thank the staff enough about helping her have her dream night during such a stressful time in her life , ' Catrece told Live Well Nebraska . Hurd 's boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage , and the turquoise gown the teen had gotten an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown . The teen was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis , a life-threatening complication of an infection . Catrece said the sepsis attacked Hurd 's muscles and her heart , and she has not been able to leave the hospital since . ` When we found out she was having some heart problems , that 's when we knew there was no way she was going to be able to go to the prom , ' she told KETV . Hurd has since been diagnosed with myocarditis , an inflammation of the middle layer of the heart wall . The teen said she was ` exhausted ' but thought it was awesome that the hospital put in so much work to make her dream come true . ` I 'm just very happy , very happy , ' she said . ` This is better than real prom . ' Hurd was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug and turned into sepsis , a life-threatening complication of an infection . Hurd 's mother Catrece said the nurse 's surprise efforts brought her to tears . ` It 's their day off . When I think about it , I just do n't know what else to say '