The timing is surely a coincidence -- three days before her daughter is due to give birth to another royal baby , Carole Middleton is busy promoting her party firm 's baby-shower goodies . The mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday , recommending the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . Mrs Middleton , 60 , who has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter Kate married Prince William , wrote : ` I love a range that fits so many different gatherings . Chevron Divine is just that , and it 's great for a baby shower . ' Scroll down for video . The mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday , re commending the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . And , in keeping with news that William and Kate do not know the sex of their baby -- the fourth in line to the throne , she adds : ` It teams blue and pink together -- perfect if you do n't know what sex the baby is . And , in keeping with news that William and Kate do not know the sex of their baby -- the fourth in line to the throne , she adds : ` It teams blue and pink together -- perfect if you do n't know what sex the baby is . ' The cheapest item in the range is a £ 2.79 set of party cups . It also includes straws for £ 3.49 and cake bunting at £ 7.69 . Mrs Middleton started Party Pieces at home more than 25 years ago and its success has made her a multi-millionaire . But it was criticised for bringing out tacky merchandise for the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , such as Corgi-themed scratchcards . However , friends point out that the firm was set up years before the future king began dating Kate , and as head of one of Britain 's leading party goods suppliers Mrs Middleton would not be doing her job if she failed to mark major royal events . Mrs Middleton started Party Pieces at home more than 25 years ago and its success has made her a multi-millionaire . The mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday , recommending the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . The cheapest item in the range is a £ 2.79 set of party cups . It also includes straws for £ 3.49 and cake bunting at £ 7.69 . Her advice was no doubt inspired by personal experience as both Prince William and Kate insist they have chosen not to find out the sex of their son or daughter in advance . The baby , who is fourth in line to the throne , is due on Saturday but barriers are already in place outside of the private Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , where the Duchess is due to give birth , just in case the new little prince or princess decides to make an appearance in the next day or so . Her advice was no doubt inspired by personal experience as both Prince William and Kate insist they have chosen not to find out the sex of their son or daughter in advance . Amusingly , the Party Pieces website also publishes advice on how to hold a ` gender neutral baby event ' , which advises using decorations in yellow , red or silver . Barriers are already in place outside of the private Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , where the Duchess is due to give birth , just in case the new little prince or princess decides to make an appearance . Amusingly , the Party Pieces website also publishes advice on how to hold a ` gender neutral baby event ' , which advises using decorations in yellow , red or silver . ` As long as you avoid pink and blue in a theme , you 've got a great choice to choose from , ' it says helpfully , adding -LRB- with a nod to Pippa Middleton 's much maligned first book , Celebrate , which was accused of rather stating the obvious -RRB- : ` Ask people to RSVP you . Knowing numbers will help you plan better . '