Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Ashley Young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match , Luke Shaw has revealed . As United kicked off their Premier League season with a match against Swansea in August , Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match , much to the amusement of his team-mates , who took advantage of the situation . Speaking exclusively to Match of the Day magazine , Shaw said : ` Ashley Young is the joker in the dressing room . We still laugh about the time he got bird poo in his mouth against Swansea . Manchester United left back Luke Shaw -LRB- second left -RRB- trains at the club 's Aon Complex on Friday . Shaw admits that Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the Manchester United dressing room . He says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea . ` If you ask him now , he 'll say it was n't bird poo . In the changing room we hung a fake bird above his place as a joke which he did n't like . ' Shaw 's revelations come as he nears the end of his first season at Old Trafford . His transition from Southampton star to £ 31.5 million United man has been more difficult than he would have liked , with the left back making just 17 appearances this season . He has suffered a number of injuries , limiting his time on the pitch , but still appears to have settled into his new surroundings well . He admits he picks up tips from goalkeeper David de Gea , who has been in impressive form on the pitch for Louis van Gaal 's side . According to Shaw , he is not just a top goalkeeper , but is approachable off the pitch when players need advice too . According to Shaw , United goalkeeper David de Gea is the ` nicest guy in football ' and is always approachable . Louis van Gaal 's stern demeanour is not limited to the touchline ; at training he is equally as focused . Shaw has struggled with a number of injuries since arriving at Manchester United from Southampton . ` David de Gea is funny , he 's kind , if you want to talk to him you can talk to him -- he 's the nicest guy in football ! ` He 's been unbelievable for us this season and kept us in so many games , he 's starting to become the best goalkeeper in the world . '' ` We 've got a few Spanish-speaking players and they 're always playing their music and dancing around -- the English lads hate it . Sometimes we ca n't understand them , they say stuff to us and we 're like ` What ? ' '' After a disappointing campaign under David Moyes last season , Shaw 's arrival coincided with that of Van Gaal , who has turned things around at Old Trafford . Now , United look certain to be heading towards a top-four finish , and Shaw admits that Van Gaal 's pitch-side focus is n't limited to match-days ; at training he is just as stern . ` The manager is always focused on his job , and his job is to win games . I have n't seen a cheeky side to him yet , but you could say he has one . ` When we 're on the training pitch it 's like a game day , 100 per cent focus , nothing will change his mind or his focus , he 's always on the ball . ' You can read the full interview with Manchester United left back Luke Shaw in this week 's Match of the Day magazine , on sale between April 14-20 .