Ronald Koeman believes Southampton will have to win their six remaining games to stand any chance of reaching the Champions League . This has been a remarkable season at St Mary 's , with the club already having levelled the record Premier League points tally of 56 set last year . That record will no doubt be broken in the coming weeks and things could get better still , with Manchester City 's sudden drop-off opening up the potential for a top-four finish . Southampton boss Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four . Saints remained in the hunt for a place in next season 's Champions League by beating Hull at St Mary 's . Southampton are five points behind Man City . Saints have five points to claw back on the reigning champions but Koeman believes it is possible if they win all their remaining games . ` Normally yes , ' the Dutchman said . ` The distance is five points . We need to win I think all . ` They -LRB- City -RRB- do n't lose three games , no . They have the next two at home . Normally , with the players that they have , the qualities . ` You never know , but it 's all about to win the last six to have really a good chance to be one of the top four teams . ' Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season and , by contrast to the other sides chasing a top-four berth , have a kind set of fixtures before that . Tottenham and Aston Villa come to St Mary 's , while trips to Sunderland , Leicester and City follow Saturday 's match at Stoke . Southampton striker Graziano Pelle scored in his side 's 2-0 Premier League win over Hull . Stoke vs Southampton - April 18 . Southampton vs Tottenham - April 25 . Sunderland vs Southampton - May 2 . Leicester vs Southampton - May 9 . Southampton vs Aston Villa - May 16 . Manchester City vs Southampton - May 24 . ` Yeah , but in the last part of the season , OK , what 's the best to play against ? ' Koeman asked . ` A team who 's fighting for no relegation or two teams who are fighting for the title ? I do n't know . ` Every game is difficult . You have to be on your level to win a game . All are difficult . ` We play Sunderland away , we play Leicester away and they 're fighting for not going down and that 's even difficult . ' Koeman is certainly not taking the run-in lightly and the trip to the Britannia Stadium will be an interesting test for Southampton 's players at this stage . ` It is a difficult one , ' the Dutchman said . ` We have that experience this season two times we play Stoke , one time at home and one time away for the League Cup . ` Both games we won but in both it was difficult because we know the qualities of them . ` We know the manager was always with the high spirit , the high intention in the game , physical players , direct game . ` Maybe we are lucky to play this weekend there , with the temperature and weather but I know it 's always windy and that makes it still more difficult . ` The weather will be good this weekend and circumstances good for the weekend . '