She 's one of the most glamorous royals on the planet and last night was no exception for Spain 's Queen Letizia of Spain . Resplendent in a backless sequinned dress , the 42-year-old 's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show . The royal . who was making an appearance at the Woman Awards held at Madrid Casino , also used the occasion to début a sharp new bob haircut . Scroll down for video . Defined : Spain 's Queen Letizia showed off a noticeably defined back during an appearance in Madrid . Backless : Her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back . Short cut : The 42-year-old mother-of-two also unveiled a glamorous new bob hair cut . Got the chop : Spain 's Queen Letizia arrives at Madrid Casino for the Woman Awards Ceremony . Elegant : The royal accessorised her sequinned black gown with an enormous pair of chandelier earrings . With her was actress Salma Hayek , 48 , who was there to receive an award and looked cheerful in a bright red off-the-shoulder ensemble . After presenting Mexican Ms Hayek with her prize , Letizia , who is recently returned from Copenhagen , posed for photos alongside some of the other winners . Among them were conductor Inma Shara and doctor Maria Neira , while watching from the audience was communication company Grupo Zeta 's president Antonio Mosbah . For all the star power on show though , all eyes were on Letizia who looked relaxed and happy as she chatted to Ms Hayek . The 48-year-old star , who brought her seven-year-old daughter Valentina to the ceremony , was taking a break from her preparations for next month 's Cannes Film Festival . Ms Hayek stars in Tale of Tales , a dark Matteo Garrone fantasy based on a collection of 17th century Italian folk stories , which is set to make its début at the event on 14th May . Glitzy : The event , which was held at Madrid Casino , attracted some of Spain 's biggest names . Warm welcome : Letizia , who is recently returned from Copenhagen , got a warm welcome from the crowd . Speaking out : Letizia made a speech during last night 's award show . Presenting the prizes : Letizia also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek , 48 , with an award . Mwah ! The pair looked happy to be in each others ' company as they exchanged kisses on stage . She has also been taking on increasing amounts of charity work and , two years ago , founded Chime for Change - an organisation currently funding health and education projects worldwide . Current projects include building homes for Syrian refugees living in Lebanon and Turkey as well as others that focus on female empowerment . Ms Hayek 's charitable interests overlap with those of Queen Letizia , who has used her first year on the throne to champion children 's causes and the arts . The royal , who spent much of last week in Copenhagen where she took part in Queen Margrethe II 's birthday celebrations , has also helped highlight the plight of people suffering from rare illnesses . To that end , the former journalist last week delivered a speech at the CosmoCaixa Science Museum during the opening day of the Second Congress of Uncommon Diseases . Round of applause : Letizia and Ms Hayek have both championed women and children 's rights . And smile ! Letizia poses for photos along with Grupo Zeta 's president Antonio Mosbah -LRB- right -RRB- and Ms Hayek . Mummy 's girl : Ms Hayek brought her seven-year-old daughter Valentina with her to the show . Spain 's got talent : Ms Hayek with Inma Shara , Queen Letizia , Maria Neira and Mr Mosbah . Earlier this month , Queen Letizia -LRB- left -RRB- and her husband King Felipe -LRB- right -RRB- celebrated Queen Margrethe of Denmark 's 75th birthday at a dinner ball held at Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen . The day before , she sported a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top to visit the CosmoCaixa science museum .