If the team with momentum hold an ace card heading into the play-offs , then watch out for Wolves . Kenny Jackett 's team moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory after David Edwards , the substitute , headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game . Pre-match results had offered Wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone , with Brentford and Ipswich Town dropping points unexpectedly , and Kenny Jackett reflected the burgeoning confidence within Molineux by naming an unchanged starting line-up from the side that prevailed 2-1 at Nottingham Forest on Friday for a third successive victory . Wolves substitute David Edwards races away in celebration after scoring a late winner . Edwards is congratulated by his Wolves team-mates following his 88th-minute winner against Leeds . Wolves striker Benik Afobe slides on his knees after scoring his side 's third goal of the afternoon . WOLVES -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Ikeme ; Iorfa , Batth , Stearman , Golbourne ; Henry -LRB- Van la Parra 78 mins -RRB- , McDonald , Price , Sako ; Afobe , Dicko -LRB- Edwards 70 -RRB- . Subs not used : Kuszczak , Doherty , Doyle , Ebanks-Landell , Hause . Booked : Golbourne , Batth . Goals : Dicko 19 , 45 , Afobe 48 , Edwards 88 . LEEDS -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- : Silvestri ; Wootton , Bamba , Cooper , Berardi ; Murphy ; Byram , Phillips , Mowatt , Taylor ; Antenucci -LRB- Sharp 82 -RRB- . Subs not used : Taylor , Ngoyi , Cani , Doukara , Sloth , Del Fabro . Booked : Wooton , Byram , Bamba . Goal : Taylor 11 , Batth OG 65 , Mowatt 74 . Referee : David Coote . Attendance : 25,169 . With a day less to recover , Leeds had also been on a decent run before Saturday 's 3-0 home defeat by Blackburn Rovers topped another distressing chapter in their tumultuous recent history . Neil Redfearn , the head coach , had said he would consider his future after this game at Wolves after his assistant Steve Thompson had been suspended without explanation . Although Massimon Cellini , Leeds ' banned owner , has subsequently claimed Thomson had used abusive language towards sporting director Nicola Salerno , it was only another spanner in the works for this once-proud club who need stability more than anything . Still , it was Leeds who struck the first blow , courtesy of a poor defensive clearance from Kevin McDonald who , penned back towards his own corner flag by debutant Kalvin Phillips , attempted a loose clearance that cannoned off Richard Stearman , his own team-mate , for Charlie Taylor to sidefoot under Carl Ikeme . Even before the January arrival of Benik Afobe , now level with Harry Kane as the leading goalscorer in all four divisions , Wolves have happily relied on either and both of the Mali combination of Bakary Sako and Nouha Dicko . It was the latter who earned Jackett 's team the lead by half-time . Dicko equalised from the tightest of angles when a cross-shot from Afobe , all loping legs and dizzying stepovers , eluded Marco Silvestri . It still needed a cute finish as the former Wigan striker lifted his shot over Scott Wootton from the byline for his 12th goal of an increasingly impressive season . Alex Mowatt looks delighted after putting Leeds back on level terms by scoring his side 's third goal . Wolves goalkeeper Carl Ikeme dives in vain as Mowatt makes it 3-3 before Edwards ' late winner . Leeds attempted to disrupt Wolves ' rhythm with some fiercely competitive tackling , Phillips receiving one caution for fouling McDonald then fortunate not to be dismissed for a foul that ripped holes in the former Sheffield United midfielder 's sock . The home side started to put together the pieces of their flowing passing game as half-time approached however and , in stoppage time , Leeds conceded at what appeared to be the worst time . Their defence appeared to disappear as Sako played in Dicko who took his time before firing in off the near post . Wolves turned the screw at the start of the second half as Afobe joined in the goalscoring fun three minutes after the restart . The former Arsenal striker , who scored 19 times on loan for MK Dons in the first half of the season , attempted an audacious overhead kick from Jack Price 's cross into the area . Sako kept play alive , dropping the ball back for Batth , whose shot hit Dicko but fell back for Afobe to smash in his tenth goal for Wolves . Leeds looked as if they might capitulate at this stage before Wolves offered them a lifeline back into the game in the 66th minute . Alex Mowatt 's dink into the penalty area looked pretty harmless and a cry of ` leave it ' could be heard from the press box , presumably from Ikeme , only for Batth to lunge and divert the ball past his own goalkeeper . Richard Stearman was the next guilty party in the Wolves defence as he gave the ball away cheaply to Mowatt who cut inside and from outside the penalty area curled home a superb equaliser into the top corner . Wolves do possess strength in depth however and in David Edwards they have a midfielder who not only works as hard as anyone in pressing the ball but also chips in with crucial goals . So it was that the substitute rose two minutes from time to head McDonald 's telling cross into the top corner to wrap up the win that took Wolves into sixth place . Leeds United celebrate after Charlie Taylor puts Neil Redfearn 's side in the lead during the Molineux clash .