The distinctive patterns on butterfly wings really do help protect the insects by mimicking the eyes of predators . While scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry , it has never been clearly tested . Recently researchers suggested that the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses . Owl butterflies -LRB- left -RRB- have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls -LRB- right -RRB- to scare off predators like great tits . While scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry , it has never been clearly tested . But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate . They say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species , like owls . Having bright colours and distinguishing features is a common way for insects to scare away predators like birds . Often they help to lure them away from vital body parts or confuse them . However , this only works on predators that hunt using sight while bats tend to be immune to such devices . Now scientists have found that a moth has an unusual evolutionary adaptation that allows it to confuse the ultrasound used by bats . The luna moth has two tails that extend for more than an inch beyond its body . Scientists in the US showed that these appendages produce a confusing acoustic signature in the bats echolocation . It makes the bats target the end of the tails rather than the moth itself . This helps to keep other birds that might normally eat the insects away . The team were finally able to test the theory by showing great tits pictures of owl butterflies that had been digitally altered , and watching their reaction . Images where the eye spots had been removed from the butterfly wings did not stop the birds from snatching a mealworm snack below the picture . However , when pictures that had not been digitally altered flashed on the screen , the birds were more weary . And the researchers found the butterfly eye spots may even be more terrifying to the great tits than the real animal they are mimicking . When shown pictures of a pygmy owl with its eyes open the tits reacted strongly and kept away , but their reaction was not as strong as with the butterfly markings . Writing in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B , Dr Johanna Mappes and her colleagues said : ` In this study , the presumed model - owl eyes - and the mimic eyespots appeared to elicit similar reactions both in terms of response type - interest versus aversion - and its intensity - startle versus flee - adding support to the eye-mimicry hypothesis . The researchers flashed up digitally manipulated images of an owls face and the owl butterfly to see how great tits reacted . In some images they removed the owls eyes -LRB- far left -RRB- or removed the eye spots -LRB- far right -RRB- . Eye spots are a common feature on butterfly wings , like the Bycyclus anyana butterfly above , but scientists have been divided over whether they were intended to mimic other predators or simply confuse predators . ` Predator-prey interactions in nature often involve dynamic encounters between the partners , and eye spots are more likely to appear suddenly in front of the predator . ` Their intimidating effect has been proved to increase when they are revealed abruptly . ` We therefore conclude that it is unlikely that the adaptive value of eye spots is due to sensory or information overload caused by the conspicuousness of colour pattern . ' The researchers conducted their experiments by placing wild captured great tits into a cage where the floor had been fitted with a computer monitor . The birds were offered a dead mealworm and as they approached an image was flashed up on the computer screen . Images of owl eyes caused the birds to be startled , flee and in some cases give off alarm calls . but images of owls without eyes did not produce the same reaction . Atlas moths -LRB- above -RRB- have colourful patterns on their wings that are thought to mimic the head of a cobra . A cobra poses a far greater threat to a predator than an Atlas moth and so by mimicking the reptile with the patterns on its wings the moth is able to scare off potential hunters that might make it a tasty snack . However when the birds were shown images of the owl butterfly , they were also scared away . If the irises of the eye spots were removed , or the eye spots removed altogether , then they were scared away far less often . Many species of butterfly have eye-spots as part of the pattern on their wings . The Atlas butterfly , for example , has a pattern that looks like the head of a cobra . Some entomologists have also claimed that the Eyed hawk moth look like the head of a fox when viewed from the front . In one extreme example of mimicry , the caterpillar of the Eastern tiger swallowtail looks like a snake and spits a foul smelling chemical to keep away predators . Last year scientists at Oregon State University looked at the butterfly Bycyclus anyana and showed that it varies the intensity of its eye spots depending on the season . They claimed bright colours in the rainy season allowed the butterfly to confuse the dominant predators - preying mantids - while duller colours in the dry season helped them hide from birds . Some entomologists claim the eyed hawk moth looks like the face of a fox or dog from the front . The wing patterns of the eyed hawk moth is said to resemble the dark nose and the light coloured eyes of a fox .