An athletic Boston-area high school senior collapsed and died in Greece this week , becoming the third student in his school year to die within six months . Jared Quirk , 18 , was in Athens with classmates from Rockland , Massachusetts , to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends , for reasons which are not yet clear . Quirk , who played basketball , baseball , and football at Rockland High School , died a hospital in the Greek capital after being taken there by ambulance , the Boston Globe reported . Sudden death : Jared Quirk , right with his mother and brother , died on Friday in Athens , Greece , while walking with friends . Two others boys who attended Rockland High School with him in Rockland , Massachusetts , also died in the past six months . It was the third day of the trip . Authorities have yet to announce a cause of death for Quirk , whose unexpected passing has plunged Rockland High into mourning for a third time since October . Quirk 's death follows that of Joshua Rose , a 17-year-old student at the school , who died suddenly on October 1 for reasons which were not explained in depth . A third contemporary , Patrick Sullivan , 17 , was killed in a three-car pileup on New Year 's Eve . Other students on the European trip , which was also supposed to take in Italy and last until April 24th , will come home early to grieve . Others : Joshua Rose , left , died on October 1 from an unknown cause , while Patrick Sullivan , right , was killed in a New Year 's Eve car crash . Both were 17 and attended Rockland with Quirk . School : Pictured is Rockland High School in Rockland , Massachusetts , where all three were students . According to the Enterprise local newspaper , funeral workers and the State Department are working with Greek counterparts to transport Quirk 's body back from Athens . An uncle , who asked not to be named , described Quirk as a ` good , sweet kid ' to the Globe . According to a neighbor who spoke to the paper , Quirk was considering going to Boston College , where one of his brothers now studies . Marina McCauley , seemingly a classmate , posted a tribute via Twitter . She said : ` Jared Quirk was probably one of the funniest people in our school . I ca n't believe this . ' An online tribute page dedicated to Quirk had amassed 20 entries by Sunday night , mainly from family friends . One , signed Linda Ricciarelli , read : ` My heart is broken for you . My son Ronnie adored Jared . In time I hope your memories will make your heart smile for this wonderful young man that was taken too soon ! Thoughts and prayers are with you . '