An 18-year-old mother-of-one had two heart attacks before dying from multiple organ failure after taking M-Cat at a house party , her family have said . Abby Swinfield , from Castle Donington , in Derbyshire , was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30 . Miss Swinfield , who is believed to have a son , three , was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield , West Midlands , where she was placed in a coma , but died a week later . Abby Swinfield , 18 , a mother-of-one from Castle Donington , in Derbyshire , was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30 after a house party in Tamworth where it is thought she took M-Cat . Following Miss Swinfield 's death , police have arrested one girl for supplying drugs , but Miss Swinfield 's cousin has claimed she did n't take the drug voluntarily , saying her drink was spiked . Neighbours say ambulances arrived at this property at 1 am . After arriving at hospital Miss Swinfield was put into a coma , but died a week later . Police are still waiting for the result of the post-mortem but it is believed the teenager had taken the illegal Class B drug Mephedrone - more commonly known as MCat or Meow Meow . Miss Swinfield 's mother Kay , 39 , said : ` I 'm devastated . It happened at -LSB- her friend -RSB- Lauren 's house . ` Abby had n't seen Lauren in three years but she kept contacting her and saying `` come to mine for a party . We got a phone call that night saying she was at the hospital . ` Doctors told me she died of multiple organ failure after suffering two heart attacks . ` They said she 'd been lying in the same position for a long time because she had a big blister on her back . ' Abby 's cousin Lydia Moore , 18 , added : ` We do n't think she took it on her own accord . We think her drink was spiked . ` Abby was a perfect girl who would be there for you if you needed it . She had an amazing heart . She had so many friends . Miss Swinfield 's mother , Kay , said she is ` devastated ' over her daughter 's death , saying she suffered two heart attacks before dying of multiple organ failure after taking the drug . Miss Swinfield has a son , who is believed to be three years old . Her cousin Lydia Moore , 18 , said the youngster keeps asking for his mother . ` She had a beautiful son and she loved him . What 's heartbreaking is her son keeps asking for his mom . Someone has taken his mom from him . The family has been torn apart . ' Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying Class B drugs , and she has been released on bail . Staffordshire police said they have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs , amid allegations Miss Swinfield 's drink was spiked . Linus Pebliauskas , 29 , who lives on Bridgwater Street , where the party was held , said : ` I did n't know who lived at the house but there were many young lads going in and out of there . ` There was drinking throughout the day and not just at weekends . It was a bit of a party house from what I could tell . ' Yesterday a friend who was at the party , but did not want to be named , added : ` We are in absolute shock . ` There was a house party and there were loads of people there , I do n't know how she got the drugs . ` She had a three-year-old boy , it is so tragic . ` Her mum Kay is absolutely distraught . She is really angry about what happened and the fact there were drugs at this party . ` She had come down to visit friends and have a good night out and now she is dead , I can not believe it . ` She was a very popular girl and we are just completely numb at the moment . I ca n't get my head around it . ' A spokeswoman for Staffordshire Police added : ` She has been released on police bail pending further investigation until a date in June . ` A post-mortem examination will take place in the coming days to help establish the cause of death . ` Anyone with information on the incident is urged to call Staffordshire Police on 101 quoting incident 790 of March 30 . ' Police had previously warned about the use of M-Cat in Tamworth after a raid two months ago during which 4 lbs of the drug , worth thousands of pounds , was discovered .