Realtors in Indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the Midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king . For a meager $ 862,000 , its gargoyles , endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky Indy celebrity Jerry A. Hostetler . It sprang from inimitable Hostetler 's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as Mr. Big to a local mini-magnate . Now , as it sits largely unoccupied , it 's a cause for both concern and awe as neighbors wonder how something so immensely unique and bound to its creator can remain among the neighborhood 's modest ranchers and middle class homes . Scroll down for video . Went big : Realtors in Indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the Midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000 square foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king . Uncertain future : Hostetler realized his vision , but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator . Currently trying to sell off the home is Indiana-born , Florida-based tech investor Chad Folkening , reports the Indy Star . He purchased the home in foreclosure following Hostetler 's 2006 death . He listed it for $ 2.2 million in February 2012 . By December 2013 , that number had dropped to $ 1,295,000 . Last week , the asking price dropped to $ 862,000 . But the home 's newest listing agent is keeping an upbeat attitude . ` I showed it to two serious buyers last week , ' agent Tiff Atkinson told the Star . ` One can not even begin to describe , ' continued Atkinson . ` Lots of architectural design , very private , two or three parking garages . ' Started small : Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big . After becoming a local construction mini-mogul , he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house . Inventive : The house is actually five garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-plus square foot campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool , ballroom and guesthouse . Atkinson and Folkening have envisioned a sort of live-and-work tech startup campus as one use for the home . Atkinson , who works for Carpenter Realtors , sees the perfect home for ` formal and informal gatherings , from small crowds to hundreds of guests . ' Starting from a three-bedroom ranch house where he lived since the '60s for a short time with a wife and infant daughter , Hostetler gradually bought up his neighbors ' houses . Hostetler , on the other hand , saw a blank canvas on which to splatter his haphazard domestic vision . Steadily grew : He cobbled them together , dug a swimming pool , dug ponds , imported fountains , added ballrooms , added life-size statues of gorillas , added -- of all things -- a stone grotto -LRB- into which he installed a hot tub -RRB- . Spacious : When the banks finally caught up with Hostetler , who 'd long ago stopped paying his debts , his sprawling home had grown to 23,000 square feet . The house is actually five garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-plus square foot campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool , ballroom and guesthouse . He cobbled them together , dug a swimming pool , dug ponds , imported fountains , added ballrooms , added life-size statues of gorillas , added -- of all things -- a stone grotto -LRB- into which he installed a hot tub -RRB- . Since Hostetler 's death in 2006 , the house has remained empty , with some of its more outlandish accoutrements - such as a 6-foot mermaid and polar bear statue - sold off . He was 66 . In constrast to how he lived , he now rests quite modestly . He was buried in Washington Park East Cemetery , in an unmarked grave . Gaudy : Since Hostetler 's death in 2006 , the house has remained empty , with some of its more outlandish accoutrements - such as a 6-foot mermaid and polar bear statue - sold off . The house is sometimes locally known as the ` pimp house ' or ` dolphin mansion '