Dylan Miller , a senior studying English and philosophy at Juniata College decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living . A student at Juniata College has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since September for his senior research project on simple living . Dylan Miller , a senior at Juniata College , in Huntingdon , Pennsylvania , studying English and philosophy , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour 's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities . With no plumbing or electricity , Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms . He hopes living in his nine-foot-tall , 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply , away from the luxuries of the present day . Miller , a 21-year-old from Meadville , Pennsylvania , told Philly.com he 's ` gotten used to roughing it ' . ` I 'm comfortable sleeping here now and walking around in the woods . I feel very free , ' he said . His one-room structure sits on his campus 's Baker-Henry Nature Reserve . With the help of trees and rope he formed the structure and insulated it with vegetation . Oak plank floorboards came from a friend 's barn . ` I think my generation is going to make a lot of sacrifices for a healthy future when it comes to materialism and energy usage , ' Miller , 21 , said . ` A lot of people associate giving up things with less happiness . But I want to show people that you can live like a king even if you have very little . ' Scroll down for video . Miller , 21 , has been living in the one-room hut on Juniata 's Baker-Henry Nature Reserve in Huntingdon , Pennsylvania , since September . Miller built the hut out of fallen trees , leaves , rope and a tarp . He used vegetation as insulation . There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure , which is about a half-hour walk from campus . Assistant professor of English Will Dickey approved Miller 's project and ` thought it was a fantastic idea ' . ` Most of us are happy to watch TV at night to unwind , ' Dickey told Philly.com . ` But Dylan is interested in a firsthand experience : mentally , emotionally , physically , and spiritually . As Thoreau said in Walden , I 'm fronting only the essentials in life and living it firsthand . ' Miller has used a journal to document his lifestyle and thoughts throughout his time in the huts with hopes of better understanding Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson . His 21-page proposal for the project provided a lengthy reading list that featured works by Thoreau , Emerson and Aldo Leopold , plus a Buddhist text called The Dhammapada , according to USA Today . During his daily campus trips , Miller charges his computer and phone and showers at friends ' houses when he can . Miller used oak paneling from a friend 's old barn to create the floor of his structure . He hopes to use is project to better understand writers such as Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson . In order to get the project approved , Miller had to agree to adhere to a series of rules , including having a cellphone for emergencies and a portable toilet . ` But I do n't have any Internet access out here . And there 's no TV or radio , ' he said . ` I have books , and that 's about it . ' For the project to be approved , Miller had to follow a list of campus and state requirements , including having a portable toilet and cellphone . The campus police also have the authority to decide if weather conditions are too harsh for Miller to stay in the hut . His outdoor portable toiled did , however , become the victim of a bear attack back in October . ` I woke up one night to hear the toilet being bashed against my shelter , ' he said . ` The bear ran away . In the morning , I saw the teeth marks and claw holes in the toilet ... It was still usable . ' As graduation nears for Miller , he 's making plans to tear down the hut . ` That will be a teaching in itself , ' he said . ` Nothing lasts forever . ' Because the hut has no electricity , Miller has to study by candle light and lantern when it gets dark outside . But he often charges his laptop and phone while on campus each day . He also showers at friends ' houses when he has the chance .