France today voted to punish anyone who ` incites ' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines . In a drastic step which will be studied closely in Britain , MPs particularly highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible . Now these ` pro-anorexia ' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £ 7,000 . Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate . Scroll down for video . Unhealthy : French MPs have voted to punish anyone who ` incites ' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and fines of up to £ 7,000 weeks after rejecting a ban on super-skinny models . It singled out those who ` provoke people to excessive thinness by encouraging prolonged dietary restrictions that could expose them to a danger of death , or directly impair their health . ' Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France , the vast majority women and teenage girls . Maud Olivier and Catherine Coutelle , the MPs who proposed the law , said in a joint statement that ` certain sites known as pro-Ana can push people into a vicious circle of anorexia and authorities can not do anything about it . ' They said the new law was not designed to threaten ` freedom of expression on the Internet ' , but was a long overdue health reform . Anorexia has one of the highest mortality rates of a psychiatric disorder and is extremely difficult to treat . In March , MPs in France rejected a proposal that would have seen ultra-slim models banned from the fashion runways . However , the MP behind the planned law has vowed the fight is not over . At the time , Olivier Veran said : ` I believe that models should eat well and look after their health . French socialist politician Olivier Veran -LRB- pictured -RRB- has vowed to continue the fight to ban ultra-thin models from the catwalk in France . ` This is an important message to young women who see these models as an aesthetic example ' . He also proposed a new law that punish the ` glorification of anorexia ' , especially online . France 's National Union of Modelling Agencies -LRB- SYNAM -RRB- , has complained that new laws could harm the competitiveness of French modelling . A SYNAM statement read : ` French modelling agencies are in permanent competition with their European counterparts . As a result , a European approach is needed . ' The French legislation comes after countries including Spain , Italy and Brazil have all clamped down on skinny models at catwalk shows . Spain has barred models below a certain body mass index from the Madrid fashion shows , while Italy has insisted on health certificates for fashion show participants . And Brazil is considering demands to ban underage , underweight models from its catwalks . Medical experts around the world have warned against the dangers of ultra-skinny catwalk models , and images airbrushed to make girls look thinner , which they say encourage anorexia in girls as young as six . Fashion guru Giorgio Armani said recently that the fashion industry had a duty to ` work together against anorexia ' . He added : `` The industry has to recognise the link between its preference for abnormally thin models and the growth in eating disorders among young women . ' French restaurants are to be banned from offering free fizzy drinks refills to customers . MPs in the National Assembly voted to back the measure , which is aimed at cutting down on obesity . The ban applies to all fizzy drinks sold in places open to the public , whether they are fast food chains , bars , cafés or conventional restaurants . The amendment to a health bill written by UDI MP Arnaud Richard reads : ` It is the role of the law to fix a framework to protect the population against commercial competition which aims to make something free to entice customers and encourage them to consume unhealthy products excessively . ' It has won the backing of Health Minister Marisol Touraine , and public health campaigners worried about increasing obesity in France . Ms Touraine said : ` This habit is common in other countries and it is increasingly taking hold in France . ' Free refills are the norm in most American restaurants , and were were introduced by Quick , one of France 's most popular fast-food chains , last year . Customers are given an empty cup with their food and they are then free to serve themselves from the soda fountains . Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants also introduced the marketing ploy .