Blackburn should brace themselves for interest in their players from top-flight clubs following their run to the FA Cup quarter-finals , manager Gary Bowyer has said . Sky Bet Championship side Rovers were eliminated from the competition on Wednesday night by Brendan Rodgers ' Liverpool , who booked a semi-final date at Wembley at the second time of asking thanks to Philippe Coutinho 's angled 70th-minute finish in an Ewood Park replay . It ended a memorable FA Cup journey for Rovers that had included resounding home victories over Barclays Premier League sides Swansea and Stoke in previous rounds . Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players . The manner in which they dispatched those two , coupled with the fact they frustrated Liverpool for the majority of the 180 minutes , is unlikely to have gone unnoticed by bigger clubs plotting their summer spending . Bowyer is no stranger to staving off interest in his prized assets , having rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the past two transfer windows , and the Rovers boss expects overtures for more of his men in a few months ' time . ` What the players have done is they 've put themselves on a platform and shown that they can play in the Premier League , ' he said . ` They 've got to maintain that over the next six games and show the Premier League big boys . That 's obviously the nature of the game that we 're in , I 'm not going to kid myself . ` It 's the nature of business . If you look at all the clubs now , everybody sells . Liverpool sold -LRB- Luis -RRB- Suarez in the summer . ` You 've seen over the two games against Liverpool and in previous games against Swansea and Stoke that we 've got some very good young players . They 're developing , they 're growing and getting some real experience under their belts . ' Blackburn strikers Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede have both attrackted in the last two transfer windows . Blackburn 's owners Venky 's have previously adopted a strong stance on possible outgoings , telling Hull and Crystal Palace that Rhodes and Gestede would be remaining in east Lancashire . However , that position may have to soften if Rovers are to bring their mounting debts down as they look to adhere to the Financial Fair Play regulations . Their recent failure to do so caused the Football League to place them under a transfer embargo which Bowyer knows has left him restricted when injuries have hit . ` You always want to keep your players and we want to be in a position to add to it , ' he added . ` We 've got to try and do as much as we can with this embargo . The embargo 's just caught up with us because we have n't been able to bring enough bodies in . ' Bowyer shakes hands with Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers ahead of Wednesday 's FA Cup replay . Indeed , Bowyer 's options are so stretched at the minute that he joked he is considering starting goalkeeper Simon Eastwood in attack against Reading this Saturday . The stopper almost produced a moment for the FA Cup annals on Wednesday when , after coming up for a Tommy Spurr long throw , his swivel and shot deep into stoppage time almost beat Simon Mignolet in the Liverpool goal . ` We sent Easty up , more in hope than anything , we did n't know he had that football ability in him to turn and hit it on the spin , ' Bowyer admitted . ` He 's put himself forward for centre forward on Saturday ! ' Goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a late equaliser beyond Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet .