Yaya Toure 's agent has called Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini a ` weak manager ' and criticised the club 's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain . Toure 's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for City which has seen them go from title contenders to being in a battle simply to finish in the top four . But agent Dimitri Seluk has claimed the club are trying to make Toure a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes . The agent of Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure -LRB- left -RRB- has called Manuel Pellegrini , his manager , ` weak ' Pellegrini has struggled this with the champions this season , and Dimitri Seluk has placed blame on him . ` Some people at City are trying to blame Yaya for what has happened this season , ' he said . ` But those people are n't taking responsibility for their own mistakes . ` I am talking about executives who have bought players for a lot of money - and then put those players on the bench . Executives who spend a lot of money on Stevan Jovetic and then drop him from the Champions League squad . I feel sorry for Pellegrini . He 's a good coach , but a weak manager . ` He won the title with the team left behind by -LRB- predecessor -RRB- Roberto Mancini . ' Toure , whose relationship with the club came under strain last summer , has been linked with a move away this summer , with Mancini making clear his interest in signing the 31-year-old for Inter Milan . Seluk said that it was wrong to criticise Toure over City 's struggles and blamed the manager and executives . Pellegrini was described as a good coach but a weak manager by Toure 's agent in a scathing attack . ` If City want Yaya to leave , they should come out and say so , ' Seluk told the Sunday Mirror . ` Two of the biggest clubs have already asked me if he is available , and I know that if City would sell , another 10 would call me inside 24 hours . ' City go into Sunday afternoon 's match against West Ham four points above fifth-placed Liverpool and with the pressure firmly on Pellegrini . Txiki Begiristain -LRB- left -RRB- Manchester City 's director of football , Ferran Soriano -LRB- centre -RRB- the CEO were criticised . Seluk picked out the decision to buy Stevan Jovetic and then leave him out of the Champions League squad . The Chilean has maintained he is not worried about his job , but admitted that could change if they dropped out of the Champions League places . ` You are wrong if you think that , at this club , if you do n't win the title then you are out , ' he said in a number of national newspapers . ` If we miss the top four then maybe it will be different because that would not be the same thing , the analysis of the season will be different . '