Margaret Gretton has been banned from classrooms for labelling an Asian job applicant ` Taliban ' and calling special needs pupils ` roadkill ' A primary school headteacher has been banned from classrooms for labelling an Asian job applicant ` Taliban ' after referring to special needs pupils as ` roadkill ' . Margaret Gretton , 46 , has been barred indefinitely from the profession after she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an Asian accent . A disciplinary panel of the National College for Teaching and Leadership in Coventry ruled Ms Gretton ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' . The panel said she showed no remorse for ` deliberate ' and ` repeated ' actions while head of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham . They heard that she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as ` cuckoo ' and said she did n't want to encourage children ` like that ' to come to the school . She even displayed a Golly magnet in her office and made ` monkey noises ' on one occasion when talking about black people . Her shocking behaviour continued over a ` sustained period of time ' while she was headteacher of the school from September 2007 until November 2013 . The panel concluded Ms Gretton ` displayed racist attitudes and behaviour in that - on one or more occasions you inappropriately commented in relation to a photograph of a male Asian job applicant . ' It said her comments included ` would you hire me ... I 'm in the Taliban ' , or words to that effect , referring to the man as ` Mohammed ' , or words to that effect , and referring to ` bombs and blowing up the school ' , or words to that effect , in an Asian accent . A teacher at the school , named only as Staff Member E , told the panel that Ms Gretton said to her , unprompted : ` Do you like black men ? ' The teacher said she was ` taken aback ' by the question , but added that it did not bother her , and her mother 's partner was black and from Jamaica . She told the panel that Ms Gretton then ` burst out laughing and said words to the effect of ` does he have big lips ? ... does he look like a monkey ? ' and then went on to make monkey noises . ' The headteacher denied making the comments , but the panel said it was ` satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the comments , or words similar to them , were made by Ms Gretton . ' The panel also found that she ` expressed inappropriate and discriminatory attitudes towards SEN -LSB- Special Educational Needs -RSB- pupils in the presence of school staff . ' The panel said ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' while head of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham -LRB- pictured -RRB- . They said she had used the word ` cuckoo ' or words to that affect and said ` we do n't want to encourage children like that to come here . ' She was also found to have ` deliberately tried to upset ' a special needs pupil , ` frightened him ' , and ` tried to make him cry . ' Witness G gave evidence to the panel that on one occasion in 2010 a pupil would not come out from underneath a table and was disrupting the lesson so , as a teaching assistant , she asked Ms Gretton for assistance . She told the panel that ` Ms Gretton said ` It 's like something from One Flew over the Cuckoo 's Nest ' and said ` cuckoo , cuckoo ' whilst twirling her finger at the side of her head . ' A Special Education Needs co-ordinator , who also gave evidence to the panel , said that during a discussion in 2010 about creating a disabled parking space at the school car park she mentioned that Ms Gretton 's parking space was the obvious place to put it . However she said that Ms Gretton said : ` We do n't want to encourage people like that here . ' Ms Gretton was also found to have bullied members of staff which the panel described as ` wholly unacceptable . ' It concluded : ` The panel considered that Ms Gretton was not acting under duress , she lacked any insight into her behaviour and demonstrated no remorse . Her shocking behaviour continued over a ` sustained period of time ' while she was headteacher of the school -LRB- pictured -RRB- from September 2007 until November 2013 . ` Her actions towards staff and pupils were deliberate , repeated and over a sustained period of time . Ms Gretton seriously abused her position of power and trust within the school . ' After the panel made its recommendations Paul Heathcote , acting on behalf of the Secretary of State , decided to prohibit Ms Gretton from teaching indefinitely . He said : ` This is a case where the teacher has exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability . ' He added : ` There has been no effort made by Ms Gretton to remedy the attitudinal deficiencies which have led her to behave in the way in which she did . ' Describing his decision to prohibit the woman from teaching he said : ' This means that Ms Margaret Leandra Gretton is prohibited from teaching indefinitely and can not teach in any school , sixth form college , relevant youth accommodation or children 's home in England . ` Furthermore , in view of the seriousness of the allegations found proved against her , I have decided that Ms Margaret Leandra Gretton shall not be entitled to apply for restoration of her eligibility to teach . ' Ms Gretton has right of appeal to the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court , until 28 days after she was given notice of the order .