These never-before-seen photographs show the horror of the doomed Gallipoli landings through the eyes of the soldiers who survived Winston Churchill 's infamous operation . Today , world leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy 's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey 's Dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings which claimed 140,000 lives during World War One . An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916 , when after huge losses on both sides , the Allies successfully fooled the Turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula . Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , many taken by the troops themselves , including poignant images of soldiers from their preparation for the first landings right up until the evacuation . Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde , a mule is hoisted on board the ship and even the moment a soldier makes the dash across No Man 's Land has been captured for posterity . These photographs , many taken by soldiers , show the true horror of the doomed Gallipoli landings during World War One , which claimed the lives of 140,000 troops in eight months of fighting before they eventually withdrew to North Africa in January 1916 with no material gain . The invasion is widely considered a shambles as soldiers were sent aimlessly to their deaths in Gallipoli peninsula in a bid to capture the city of Constantinople . Historian Stephen Chambers released the poignant images to mark the catastrophic campaign 's centenary . The Gallipoli peninsula is in modern-day Turkey , but in 1915 it was part of the Ottoman Empire . As Allied soldiers prepared to invade , they hoisted a mule hoisted aboard the collier ship SS River Clyde ahead of the three-day journey across the Aegean Sea . The rapid spread of diseases , a lack of clean water and food meant soldiers often suffered from low morale . This image shows the measures taken to prevent the spread of diseases like dysentry , including soldiers being hosed down on the deck . The Ottomans were fighting alongside Germany , so the aim of the campaign was to knock them out of the war by capturing Constantinople , but the plan failed spectacularly , with 250,000 Allied troops injured or killed in vain . Pictured , a signpost warning soldiers of a ` dangerous ' sniper . The assault began at dawn on April 25 , 1915 as wave after wave of British and Irish , French , Australian , New Zealand and Indian troops attacked heavily defended beaches , through barbed wire and raced up cliffs to attack enemies . Mr Chambers , who is an expert in Gallipoli , which is also known as the Dardanelles Campaign , said : ` Some of the shots are blurry because they are real action shots ' . Pictured , a soldier 's photograph on the battlefield shows the moment one regiment made the dash across No Man 's Land . A picture , dated November 1915 , shows Lord Kitchener -LRB- pictured third from left -RRB- and his generals in Gallipoli . At the start of the war , he was appointed Secretary of State for War by Prime Minister Herbert Asquith and proposed an invasion of Alexandretta on Turkey 's Mediterranean coast but was eventually persuaded to support Churchill 's plan for Gallipoli . In January 1916 , after huge losses on both sides , the Allies successfully evacuated their soldiers without further casualties . Today , soldiers from both the Ottoman and Allied sides lie close together in separate cemeteries on the Gallipoli peninsula . Pictured , an armoured Rolls Royce . The campaign has become synonymous with the heroism of soldiers from New Zealand and Australia , where Anzac Day is celebrated every year , but more British and Irish soldiers were killed . Pictured , soldiers pictured as they prepare for the campaign . Churchill put forward a proposal to send his naval fleet through the needle of the Dardanelles , a 38-mile waterway that separated Europe and Asia in northwest Turkey . The Allies later launched a major land invasion of Gallipoli . The Gallipoli landings came during a period of deadlock on the Western Front in 1915 when the British hoped to capture Constantinople in a bid to link up with Russia . Pictured , a collection of dummies on board a ship which were to be used in a ` feint landing ' during the campaign . The doomed campaign was the brainchild of Winston Churchill thought up to bring an end the war early by creating a new front in the East that the Ottomans would not be able to cope with . After a failed naval attack in February 1915 , the Allies tried to capture Constantinople via the Gallipoli Peninsula by land assault . Pictured : The old collier ship SS River Clyde ahead of the journey across the Aegon Sea . On April 25 , the world will commemorate 100 years since the Allied fleet sailed into the peninsula and landed on the Turkish beaches -LRB- pictured -RRB- .