A councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman has been jailed for 20 years . Joseph O'Riordan , 76 , was found guilty of attempted murder after his wife Mandy , 47 , was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back at their home in Polegate , East Sussex . The former Polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife 's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her , a court heard . Guilty : Joseph O'Riordan , 74 , stabbed his wife Amanda , 47 , -LRB- pictured together above -RRB- nine times with a kitchen knife at the home they shared in Polegate , East Sussex , after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn . He soon discovered his estate manager wife was having an affair with married postman , Nick Gunn , nicknamed ` Tommy ' by friends and family , who lived and worked in their village . It was revealed yesterday that the 41-year-old postman had had previous affairs with women on his rounds . Brighton Crown Court heard how O'Riordan repeatedly stabbed his wife in their bedroom of their ground floor flat on October 22 last year , after arguing about the affair . Ambulance crews arrived to find his wife lying on a blood-soaked bed and she was rushed to hospital , where she underwent six hours of emergency surgery to save her life . Nick Gunn : He had affairs with women on his rounds . O'Riordan directed officers to where had left the nine-inch kitchen knife he had used to stab his wife in an ` icily calm manner ' , the court heard . The former nightclub owner denied attempted murder but a jury took two hours to find him guilty yesterday and he was handed a 20-year prison sentence by Judge Shani Barnes today . He will serve half behind bars and the rest on licence and was also handed a restraining order , banning him for ever contacting his wife directly or indirectly . Sentencing , Judge Barnes , told him : ` You had dedicated your life to serving your community and conducting works for charity . ` But like most of us we are not all good and bad . ` The damage you have done to her is absolutely terrible . ` You have not taken responsibility of what you did to her that night , ' the Hastings Observer reports . After the hearing , Detective Chief Inspector Mike Ashcroft , of the Surrey and Sussex Major Crime Team , said : ` We are pleased to have secured a conviction and salutary sentence in what has been a tragic case . ` It could so easily have been a murder investigation and I would like to pay tribute to the victim , Mrs O'Riordan , for the fortitude she has shown throughout . `` In sentencing her husband for the attack in which he stabbed her several times , Judge Barnes said O'Riordan had shown no true remorse for what he had done , and he was a man who had enjoyed the control over Mrs O'Riordan . ` As he felt that control had gone , he took a calculated decision to attempt to kill his wife . ' The couple had been married for ten years and had attended the Queen 's garden party in 2013 for O'Riordan 's work on the Diamond Jubilee celebrations . Mrs O'Riordan was a 23-year-old divorcee when she met the older O'Riordan in 1991 . They married in 2004 and were seen by many friends as the ` perfect , loving couple ' . But as O'Riordan became older his wife essentially became his ` carer ' and the court heard how she wanted more ` freedom ' . Prosecutor Dale Sullivan said O'Riordan had ` clearly lied ' when he told police officers repeatedly that he had stabbed his wife because he had ` just found out she was having an affair ' . In reality he had known for weeks that she was seeing Mr Gunn . When Mrs O'Riordan gave evidence last week she did so from behind a screen so she did not have to see O'Riordan . She told the court : ` I loved Joe . I did n't want to hurt him . I never wanted to hurt him -- even now . ' O'Riordan -LRB- left -RRB- was convicted of attempted murder after a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to unanimously find him guilty of trying to kill his wife with a nine-inch kitchen knife -LRB- right -RRB- in October last year . O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council when he grew suspicious that his wife , Amanda , 47 , was having an affair and hired a private investigator to follow her which confirmed her relationship with Mr Gunn . Last year -- despite having married three years ago and having moved with his wife Sara Saunders to Portslade , near Brighton -- Mr Gunn and Mrs O'Riordan became lovers . But she was not his first , it is claimed . A 39-year-old former partner , who did not want to be named , said : ` We split up because he was having an affair . I saw that he had made a comment on Facebook about a `` lover '' and I knew he was n't talking about me so I confronted him . ` He admitted he had been sleeping with a woman he had been delivering post to . He told me that something similar had happened with a previous girlfriend as well . We were together for six years , and this might have happened more than once . I did n't find out until July 2011 . ' After that affair Mr Gunn married schoolteacher Miss Saunders , who said last night : ` I 'm still married to him at the moment and I 'm not interested in talking about him . ' Mr Gunn has a Facebook page and describes himself on Twitter as : ` A Gamer , a Lover , a Postman and a friend of Death . ' As the affair developed last year , O'Riordan first hired a detective to watch his wife and then set up a GPS tracker on her car . The £ 300 tracker reported back via text to O'Riordan 's phone whenever his wife left home and gave the exact location of her vehicle . On one day alone on October 9 the tracker sent a total of 35 notifications to O'Riordan as his wife visited Mr Gunn at his then home in Portslade . O'Riordan used to run nightclubs in the South East before he retired and was also a councillor in East Sussex and became president of his local Royal British Legion . Friends and family of Mrs O'Riordan arrived at Brighton Magistrates ' Court -LRB- left -RRB- for the verdict today while O'Riordan 's son Liam - from a previous marriage - also attended the hearing to see his father convicted . O'Riordan was sentenced to 20 years in prison for attempted murder at Brighton Crown Court -LRB- pictured above -RRB- .