Claudia Martin , 33 , has been convicted of suffocating her newborn baby daughter . A mother-of-five today avoided jail for suffocating her newborn baby daughter by stuffing toilet paper down her throat and hiding the infant 's body in a suitcase . Claudia Martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' which she no longer suffered from . A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl . Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her . She ` intended ' to dispose of the tragic baby 's body unnoticed , wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels , but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital . Earlier that evening she had complained to her family of a bad back but an ambulance was called when it was noticed she had wrapped herself in blood-soaked towels . Before she left her sister 's home in Knowle , Bristol , on September 12 last year , she was seen rearranging items in a suitcase and placed items on top . Three days later , her sister , Vilma , complained of a smell coming from Martins ' bedroom and traced it to the suitcase , Bristol Crown Court heard . When she opened it she found towels soaked in blood and the body of a baby girl , which was between 35 and 36 weeks gestation . Martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . Mr Justice Teare , sentencing Martins at Winchester Crown Court , Hampshire , to a two year community order with supervision requirements , described her actions as ` wholly out of character ' . He said : ` On September 12 last year you gave birth to a baby girl and very shortly afterwards you killed that baby by inserting tissue paper in her mouth . A court heard Claudia Martins -LRB- pictured -RRB- was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy ' ` Immediately thereafter you hid the baby in a suitcase and it was not discovered for three days . ` The explanation for your conduct is you were suffering from an abnormality of mental functioning which substantially impaired your judgement . ` This arose from a medical condition known as a pathological denial of pregnancy which continued despite the obvious presence of a baby . ` The giving of birth did n't bring the denial to an end and you continued to deny the pregnancy to your family , friends and medical personnel . ` It was a great shock to you and induced in you a state of panic . ` Your actions of killing the baby were a manifestation of your irrational condition and your actions were wholly out of character . ' He added that her friends provided glowing references of her childcare qualities which were in ` stark contrast ' to her actions on September 12 last year . Martins -LRB- pictured -RRB- was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . He continued : ` Quite why you developed a pathological denial of pregnancy is unclear but it 's likely to be you living with the pressures of living with two children in cramped conditions without a partner in a foreign country and unable to speak English without any prospect of a job . ' The family of Martins , who is originally from Mozambique but a Portuguese national , will arrange accommodation for her supervision , the court heard . The conditions of the order mean she must report to her probation officer on a regular basis to help her rehabilitation into society . When she killed her baby daughter she was living at the shared property in Knowle with eight other people including her sister . However , she can no longer live with her sister because social services will take her four children away into care if they live under the same roof . During the trial Adam Vaitilingam QC , prosecuting , told how Martins concealed her pregnancy from her friends and family and denied giving birth altogether , saying she simply had a period . Martins avoided jail and was sentenced to a two year community order with supervision requirements when she appeared at Winchester Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He said : ` She placed the body of the baby in a suitcase , hidden from anyone . ` No doubt , we suggest she intended to dispose of it but was prevented from doing so by the arrival of the paramedics , who took her off to hospital . ' Following the discovery of the baby 's body police were called and officers arrested Martins on September 15 , the day after she was discharged from hospital . In police interviews on September 17 she claimed she was in the bath because her back and legs hurt when the baby suddenly came out . She said she caught the baby but it was n't crying or moving . However , Dr Russell Delaney carried out a post mortem examination on September 17 and could not find any evidence that the baby was stillborn . He added he believed that the wad of tissue paper , made up of around five pieces , was deliberately inserted , a court heard . Mr Vaitilingam added : ` It is also Dr Delaney 's view that the obstruction of the baby 's airways by this object would have caused its death if the baby had been born alive . ' In mitigation , Christopher Quinlan QC said : ` Here we have a vulnerable defendant being held in custody and in my respectful submission she should not be there . ` Given the circumstances of this case and the jury 's finding the court could impose a sentence that results in her immediate release . ' Martins has already served eight months in custody following her arrest in September last year which Mr Justice Teare took into account when sentencing . Speaking after the verdict , Senior Investigating Officer Det Insp Neil Meade said : ` The death of a baby is always a tragedy but the unique circumstances make this a particularly emotive case for everyone involved . ` Our thoughts are very much with the victim 's wider family as they are struggling to comprehend how and why this tragedy happened . '