Middlesbrough 's Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year at The Football League Awards . Bamford , on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea , received the award at the gala ceremony in London on Sunday evening in front of over 600 guests , following a vote among club managers . The 21-year-old beat competition from Ipswich Town 's Daryl Murphy and Watford 's Troy Deeney to claim the overall Sky Bet Championship Player of the Year Award . Patrick Bamford takes centre stage at the Football League Awards ceremony with host Simon Thomas -LRB- right -RRB- . The Middlesbrough striker poses with the Championship Player of the Year award . Bamford 's goals while on loan have Chelsea have steered Boro towards promotion . MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of the Year award . The talented midfielder 's performances have led to a summer move to Tottenham . On winning the award , Bamford said : ` First and foremost I have to concentrate on these last few games and hope that Boro as a team go up and we can push into the Premier League . ` After that I 'm concentrating on the Euro 's with England so , I think by the time I 'm back from the Euro 's I can sit down with Chelsea and see what 's happening . There is a chance I could play against Boro but it 's open ended and I wo n't find out till July . ` Thanks to the club , my team mates because without them I would n't be here and of course the manager and my family . ' Leicester City 's Kasper Schmeichel -LRB- left -RRB- and Wes Morgan with their Team Of the Decade Awards . -LRB- L-R -RRB- Wes Morgan , Kasper Schmeichel , Peter Whittingham and Wes Hoolahan all made Team of the Decade . Veteran striker Kevin Phillips was honoured with the Sir Tom Finney award . Millwall 's Danny Shittu with the Player in the Community Award alongside PFA Chairman Ritchie Humphreys . Preston 's Joe Garner earned the League One award , while Danny Mayor of Bury topped the list in League Two . MK Dons midfielder Dele Alli - on loan from Tottenham - was named the Football League 's Young Player of the Year . The 19-year-old has scored 16 times for Karl Robinson 's side this season as they push for promotion from League One and earned himself a January move to Spurs . Southampton defender Nathanial Clyne -LRB- right -RRB- also attended the Football League Awards . Youngsters George Cooper of Crewe -LRB- left -RRB- and Portsmouth 's Conor Chaplin hold their apprentice awards . Sky Bet Championship Player of the Year : Patrick Bamford -LRB- Middlesbrough -RRB- . Sky Bet League 1 Player of the Year : Joe Garner -LRB- Preston North End -RRB- . Sky Bet League 2 Player of the Year : Danny Mayor -LRB- Bury -RRB- . The Football League Young Player of the Year : Dele Alli -LRB- Milton Keynes Dons -RRB- . Tokio Marine Kiln Club Hero Award : Brian Murphy -LRB- Birmingham City -RRB- . LFE Apprentices of the Year . League 2 : Conor Chaplin -LRB- Portsmouth -RRB- . League 1 : George Cooper -LRB- Crewe Alexandra -RRB- . Championship : Lewis Cook -LRB- Leeds United -RRB- . PFA Player in the Community : Danny Shittu -LRB- Millwall -RRB- . Johnstone 's Paint Community Club of the Year : Derby County . The Football League Family Club of the Year : Colchester United . Mitre Goal of the Year : Joe Garner -LRB- Preston North End -RRB- . Sir Tom Finney Award : Kevin Phillips . Capital One Supporter of the Year : Sarah Watts -LRB- Brighton & Hove Albion -RRB- . The Football Manager Team of the Decade . Goalkeeper : Kasper Schmeichel . Defenders : Angel Rangel , Gareth Bale , Wes Morgan , Ashley Williams . Midfielders : Wes Hoolahan , Adam Lallana , Peter Whittingham . Forwards : Glenn Murray , Rickie Lambert , Jordan Rhodes . Manager : Eddie Howe . Contribution to League football : Major Frank Buckley .