Manchester United have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at Everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go . United played like Sunderland on a bad day -- they were that horrendous . Recently I wrote about what United need to take them back to a proper challenge for domestic and European glory . Now it 's time to name names . Teams will have bad days , of course . It 's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance to United , but without Michael Carrick they look far more beatable . I ca n't see how Everton score that first goal if Carrick is on the pitch . Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn Manchester United into title contenders . Borussia Dortmund 's midfield pair of Ilkay Gundogan -LRB- left -RRB- and Sven Bender -LRB- right -RRB- fit the bill . Daley Blind is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of Carrick in that position . The Dutchman is a slower version of the Geordie , which is quite an achievement , and so more reinforcements are needed . That 's why it would be a good idea for United to raid Borussia Dortmund . Ilkay Gundogan has already been linked with a move to Old Trafford -- it 's a no-brainer . This player is physical yet graceful . He can spot a pass and execute it first time . He 's dynamic and never hides . Alongside him in that Dortmund midfield is Sven Bender - the German Carrick . These players make relatively few tackles because they anticipate and intercept -- they read the game . Daley Blind struggled to cope in Manchester United 's midfield during their 3-0 defeat by Everton . David de Gea , Blind and Ashley Young react after conceding a goal in a big defeat by Everton on Sunday . But when Bender tackles , the opponent knows about it -- he is a beast . Despite his frame -LRB- he 's 6ft 1in , slightly shorter than Carrick -RRB- , he is quick to step into a tackle . Opponents think they have a bit of time on the ball but Bender makes up the ground in a flash to rob them . What I 'm saying here is that United may need two players to replace Carrick . And those two fit the bill . Both are winners , both have had years in Dortmund playing some magnificent football . And if Louis van Gaal is raiding Dortmund he might as well sign Armenia 's finest Henrikh Mkhitaryan . What a playmaker this guy is -- he floats around picking the ball up wherever he can , gets the team into advanced positions and can spot a pass . He can score goals too . Manchester United look far more vulnerable without Michael Carrick in their midfield . Armenian creative threat Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been linked with a move to the Premier League before . Gundogan , like Bender , could be leaving Dortmund this summer along with departing manager Jurgen Klopp . I think he 's a more positive version of Juan Mata -- look how often the Spaniard gave the ball away at Goodison on Sunday . There 's a lot to admire about Mata 's game , but he is one of the guilty ones when you look at the reasons for United being ponderous in their build-up . United also need a centre half and another striker -- it 's a work in progress after the post-Fergie collapse . But the Dortmund trio would bring instant reward for Van Gaal . And it 's not just plucking names out of nowhere : the timing is right for them to move on just as manager Jurgen Klopp leaves . There is a way any Manchester United team must play -- David Moyes found that out to his cost , and earlier this season Van Gaal listened to the fans ' loud and clear disapproval of negative football and passes going backwards too often and changed the way they played . Hoofing it up to Marouane Fellaini has happened -- not as often as the critics make out -- but with certain players out , Van Gaal has felt that tactic is the best way to get results . Van Gaal knows anything less than a top-four finish is failure . Juan Mata was wasteful in possession against Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday . Mkhitaryan -LRB- right -RRB- challenges Eintracht Frankfurt 's Carlos Zambrano during a Bundesliga game . Marouane Fellaini 's rebirth has been a big factor in Manchester United 's excellent form over the past weeks . So much has been made of Dortmund 's poor season , but even during that time they managed to finish top of their Champions League group above Arsenal . And the second half of the campaign has seen a revival that has led them to the top half when before Christmas relegation looked a possibility . These are not bad players just because of half a season . These are players who , if they successfully bring their A game with them from Germany , could improve United 's starting XI massively . If United are going to raid a club for good players , there are some rich pickings at Dortmund . And I have n't even mentioned Mats Hummels .