A gun trafficker for convicted killer Aaron Hernandez said he was ` awed ' by the former New England Patriots star when he sent him an assault rifle and a pair of handguns a month before Odin Lloyd 's killing . Oscar ` Papoo ' Hernandez Jr - no relation to the disgraced NFL player - has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesake 's murder case . Earlier this month , Aaron Hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013 . Scroll down for video . Bad bro-mance : Oscar Hernandez Jr -LRB- left -RRB- , 24 , said he was ` awed ' by New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez -LRB- right -RRB- and ` grateful to be noticed ' when the football player paid him $ 15,000 for three guns . Unfortunate timing : Oscar Hernandez shipped his namesake a rifle and two handguns in April 2013 - a month before the NFL player shot dead Odin Lloyd -LRB- pictured on screen in court -RRB- . Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $ 41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year . In a sentencing memo in Oscar Hernandez 's weapons case released this week to Boston Herald the 24-year-old Florida man stated that he was blinded by the football player 's fame , ` grateful to be noticed -LSB- by him -RSB- , and had no way of anticipating the terrible events which would follow . ' Although Oscar Hernandez was never called to testify against Aaron Hernandez during his trial earlier this month , his lawyer wrote in the memorandum to Judge William Young that his client was beaten by fellow inmates at the Wyatt Detention Center ` after having been incorrectly listed as a government witness . ' Following the attack , Oscar Hernandez spent some time in solitary confinement at the Rhode Island jail . Mr Hernandez , a father from Belle Glen , Florida , is now facing up to 30 months in prison after pleading guilty in January to charges of transporting firearms across state lines ; obstruction of justice ; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering . Justice for Odin : The 25-year-old athlete -LRB- left -RRB- was found guilty April 15 of first-degree murder in the 2013 shooting death of the semi-professional football player -LRB- right -RRB- . The confessed gun smuggler was scheduled to be sentenced Monday , but Judge Young has delayed the punishment phase until May 5 . Public defender Charles McGinty , who represents Hernandez , is seeking a sentence of one year and one day for his client . Investigators said the Florida resident shipped three guns including FEG 7.62 x39 Hungarian rifle , to Aaron Hernandez in the spring of 2013 . The weapons had been stashed inside a beat-up Toyota Camry that was found in the football player 's garage in North Attleboro , Massachusetts . A friend of Oscar Hernandez testified during the NFL star 's trial that the gun trafficker purchased the weapons April 16 , 2013 , five days after Aaron transferred $ 15,000 into his account . Oscar Hernandez was arrested April 17 , 2014 , and indicted by a grand jury in Massachusetts on gun trafficking charges . Back behind bars : Following the sentencing phase , Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail . He has since been transferred to a maximum-security facility . The indictment stated that the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives had traced three guns that had been recovered during the investigation of Odin Lloyd 's killing . The ATF determined that all three guns were purchased in Florida in April 2013 . Massachusetts officials said they have been unable to find the gun used to kill Lloyd , which they 've identified as a .45-caliber Glock . None of the three guns mentioned in Oscar Hernandez 's indictment is a .45-caliber Glock . Meanwhile , his notorious namesake was transferred last week to the maximum security state Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley to begin serving his life sentence . Aaron Hernandez is also awaiting a trial date for the 2012 homicides of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado .