The semi-final line-up for the Champions League has been confirmed and , although there may be no English involvement , four European giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in Berlin on June 6 . With Real Madrid and Juventus winning on Wednesday to join Barcelona and Bayern Munich in the last four , this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory . We asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season 's Champions League . SAMI MOKBEL - Barcelona . Momentum is key at this point in the season and Barcelona are in overdrive . Their early-season woes are a distant memory and Luis Enrique is finally getting his point across . Lionel Messi remains phenomenal and a certain Luis Suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time . Barcelona 's formidable front three of Luis Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- , Neymar -LRB- centre -RRB- and Lionel Messi -LRB- right -RRB- . NEIL ASHTON - Bayern Munich . They overcame their blip -LRB- the rip in the seam of Pep 's trousers -RRB- to power their way beyond Porto in the second leg of the quarter-final and remind everyone just how good they are . They have much to prove after last season 's disappointment but they are a phenomenal team . I expect them to draw Barcelona in the semi-final . Bayern Munich produced a stunning display in the second leg to beat Porto in the quarter-finals . JOE BERNSTEIN - Barcelona . Bayern and Barcelona are both better teams than Juventus or Real Madrid and to separate them is nigh on impossible . But given the backroom strife at Bayern , particularly over Arjen Robben 's injury , I 'd narrowly go for Messi and Barcelona ending their four-year Champions League ` drought ' . DOMINIC KING - Barcelona . To think at the start of the season , after Real Madrid pummelled them in the first Clasico , that we thought the beginning of the end had started . Now they look majestic once more and the front three of Messi , Neymar and Suarez gives them an edge over all their rivals . Hopefully it will be a straight shootout between them and Bayern Munich in Berlin . This is the best Champions League semi-final line-up ever and we might get the spectacular final to go with it . LEE CLAYTON - Juventus . Carlos Tevez , Paul Pogba and Gianluigi Buffon - experience , goals and know-how . Tevez is n't Messi -LRB- or Cristiano Ronaldo -RRB- , Pogba is n't Thomas Muller and Buffon is n't Manuel Neuer : Yes , they are ugly bugs on a catwalk of super powers , but they CAN win this . After all , Denmark and Greece both won the Euros . Juventus celebrate their 1-0 aggregate victory over Monaco in the last eight of the Champions League . Juventus striker Carlos Tevez leads the scoring in Serie A this season with 18 goals . RIATH AL-SAMARRAI - Barcelona . Since it 's been established that we do n't live in a post-Messi -LRB- 48 goals in 49 starts -RRB- world I ca n't bring myself to bet against him . Would love to see them in a final against Bayern Munich . CHRIS WHEELER - Bayern Munich . After that crushing 5-0 aggregate defeat by Real Madrid in the semi-finals a year ago , and the shock of suffering a 3-1 first-leg loss to Porto in this season 's quarters , expect the real Bayern to stand up and deliver another Champions League triumph for Guardiola . Is it written in the stars that Barcelona will be standing in his way ? LAURIE WHITWELL - Barcelona . The front three of Messi , Suarez , and Neymar are beginning to click to devastating effect and the magical allure of Barcelona is returning . It would be some turnaround from the disputes and disappointments of early season , but this is a team full of players who know how to win the trophy . Neymar scored both goals in Barcelona 's 2-0 second-leg victory over Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp . LAURA WILLIAMSON - Real Madrid . They might be depleted by injuries but experience and pedigree count in this competition and , as we saw against Atletico Madrid , you can never count against the 10-time winners . Or , indeed , a certain Ronaldo . Javier Hernandez 's 88th-minute winner saw Real Madrid edge past their local rivals Atletico Madrid . Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League title and a second in a row with Real Madrid . ROB DRAPER - Bayern Munich . Bastian Schweinsteiger and Arjen Robben are on the way back , Pep has a point to prove and the team have the memory of that awful semi-final against Real Madrid last year to drive them on . As long as they do n't take their foot off the gas having already won the Bundesliga , they 'll make good the disappointment of last year . Robert Lewandowski celebrates one of five first-half goals Bayern Munich scored against Porto on Tuesday . JACK GAUGHAN - Barcelona . I 'm tempted to say Bayern Munich but they 've got similar buckling deficiencies to the Barcelona we 've seen recently . By contrast , the Catalans have found their misplaced defensive steel , have a coach whose win percentage eclipses all to precede him and - well - possess Messi . And Neymar . And Suarez . SAM CUNNINGHAM - Bayern Munich . I would back Guardiola to outwit any of the remaining managers in the tournament with the players at his disposal . Some were writing Bayern Munich off after their 3-1 first-leg defeat by Porto and look how that went . Everyone talks about Messi and Ronaldo , but the collective force of Bayern players is frightening . OLIVER TODD - Barcelona . After a difficult start to the season they 've hit form at the right time . Enrique has found a way to get the front three of Messi , Suarez and Neymar to fire and even if you can keep two of them quiet - as Paris Saint-Germain did on Tuesday - the other will make you pay .