A newborn baby girl abandoned in an amusement arcade was found face down in a toilet bowl after her ` mother gave birth in the lavatory ' , it has been revealed . It is believed the girl , named April by staff at the Ormskirk hospital where she is being treated , might have been delivered at Silcock 's Amusement Arcade in Nevill Street , Southport , hours before she was discovered . Merseyside Police had released an image of the 6 lb 9oz baby girl , wearing a pink playsuit , as they sought to identify her mother . In a statement yesterday afternoon , officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area . Scroll down for video . Officers say they have found the mother of baby April -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery in the disabled toilets of an arcade . Police earlier released a CCTV image of a woman they were looking to trace after a newborn baby was found at Silcock 's Amusement Arcade , on Neville Street , Southport last night . Amusement arcade employee Christina Hodskinson found baby April when a colleague said the toilets needed cleaning . She was quickly joined by fellow worker Warren Chadwick who came to help . Police believe April may have been ` born where she was found ' , Sky reported today . She was just hours old when she was discovered . Staff at the amusement arcade earlier spoke of the moment the baby was whisked from the toilet bowl when a father 's paternal instincts kicked in . Christina Hodskinson , 44 , discovered the newborn , who has since been named baby April by hospital staff , after a colleague said the toilets needed cleaning . She was quickly joined by fellow employee Warren Chadwick , 36 , who Ms Hodskinson said ` grabbed the baby out of the toilet ' . Mr Chadwick , who works at Silcock 's Amusement Arcade , on Neville Street , Southport where the baby was found at around 6.50 pm yesterday , told how his paternal instinct kicked in immediately . He said : ` I saw the baby and it was just instant , I grabbed her out and patted her back and she started to cry . ` Some customers got some towels and we wrapped her up and stood under the heaters . ` The police got here really quickly , I sat with her in the police car to keep her warm and then we rushed straight to hospital . Paternal instinct : Warren Chadwick , who works at Silcock 's Amusement Arcade , told how April let out a cry when he patted her back after pulling her from the toilet . He said his paternal instinct kicked in immediately . Abandoned : Police outside Silcock 's Amusement Arcade in Southport where staff found a newborn baby in the disabled toilets . A search was carried out for the mother but she has since been found . ` She was ice cold when I pulled her out so they kept her in an incubator . ` It was just good to see the colour come back in her face , it was a relief . ' The infant was taken to Ormskirk Hospital where she is described as ` safe and well ' . Police were searching for the missing mother of baby April and released a CCTV image of a woman they were looking to trace earlier today . The mother has now been found , Merseyside Police have said . A spokesman said : ` Merseyside Police can confirm the mother of a newborn found in Southport on Thursday , 16 April has this afternoon been found . ` She was found within the Merseyside area and is currently receiving medical treatment . Superintendent Claire Richards , said : ` I would like to thank the local community , the online community and the media for their assistance in this matter . ' Ms Hodskinson spoke of how she found the baby after walking into the arcade 's disabled toilets to give them a clean . ` Safe and well ' : Baby April -LRB- pictured -RRB- was taken to Ormskirk Hospital where she is being cared for by staff . The baby girl , found in the disabled toilets at the arcade -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Neville Street , has been named April by staff caring for her at Ormskirk Hospital . April is said to be ` safe and well ' She said : ` I noticed that there were some things out of place . We checked the bin and there was nothing there and I just thought something was n't right . ` So I went back to the bathroom with another member of staff , Pauline . ` She opened the toilet and starting screaming `` there 's a baby inside ! '' ` My colleague Warren was there straightaway and he grabbed the baby out of the toilet . ' Police said the birth appeared to have been unsupervised .