A couple who spent a lifetime paying off their mortgage have said it was a waste of time after a council scheme to sell neighbouring homes for just £ 1 has turned the street into a ` ghetto ' . Linda and George Hunter , who raised their four children in their home in Garrick Street , Wavertree , Liverpool , became mortgage free around 15 years ago . But eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £ 1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price by the council . Scroll down for video . Linda Hunter -LRB- pictured -RRB- who lives on Garrick Street , Wavertree , Liverpool , says she is stuck in a ` ghetto ' after Liverpool city council offered to sell homes in her street for £ 1 . Despite their neighbours moving out , the couple stayed put as they had elderly parents living close by who relied on them . They thought that what the council was offering for their home at the time - around £ 85,000 - was too low and believed it was worth closer to £ 120,000 . Mrs Hunter , 62 , a retired careworker , told the Liverpool Echo : ` As the street has become a horrible place to live and my parents died last year we thought `` enough is enough '' and decided to take the council 's offer and move to a home that was similar in price to ours . ' She picked out houses worth around £ 120,000 and the council said they would look into it for her in October , but months later the couple were told the offer had fallen through as their street was now part of Liverpool 's ` Home for a Pound ' scheme . Now the Hunters feel trapped as property prices have dramatically fallen in the area . An estate agent from Abode in nearby Allerton said : ` I would estimate a three-bedroomed house like one in Garrick Street would be worth around £ 60,000 at the moment but they would struggle to get even close to that . ` It would be very hard for them to sell their home when other properties in the road are being sold for £ 1 . ' Linda Hunter , 62 , feels trapped in the area as property prices in neighbouring houses have dramatically fallen . As the couple are unlikely to sell their home , they want the council to put its original offer back on the table . Mrs Hunter told the paper : ` We 've spent our lives paying off a property that is now worth virtually nothing . ` Who 's going to buy our house for thousands when they can get the house next door for £ 1 ? ' She added : ` The council created this ghetto that we are now trapped in and they feel they owe us nothing at all . ` We watched our lively and friendly road turn into a ghost town . ` There 's junk everywhere and we 're plagued with rats and fly tipping . We also have security cameras at the back and front of our house because of anti-social behaviour . ` I 'm so frustrated as there 's nothing we can do about it and the lack of communication from the authorities makes it feel like we keep hitting a brick wall . ` Even if things do regenerate , it could take years , which means we are still stuck for a long time . ' Liverpool city council said the fact some vacant properties in the area are being offered for £ 1 so that they can be renovated does not mean that other houses which are occupied are only worth £ 1 . A spokesman said : ` Homes for a Pound will see properties in this area which have long lain empty , derelict and rundown completely transformed , helping make this part of the city a thriving and sustainable community again . ` This is really good news for existing property owners as it will mean the area is a far more desirable place to live . ` The houses that are part of the Homes for a Pound scheme require significant work and financial investment so ca n't be compared with other properties . We are in discussions with existing local residents to explain our exciting plans for this area . '