The latest app that 's sweeping the web is the fiendishly addictive , and surprisingly difficult , Kuku Kube . It has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares . On each board , one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour and the aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse . Click the Start button below to play Kuku Kube . Kuku Kube -LRB- pictured -RRB- is available for free on Facebook , Android , iOS and on desktop browsers . Scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ` lower than average ' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great ' Although the game appears relatively simple , and starts with a board of just four coloured squares , it quickly grows to a board of up to 81 squares . And the differentiation between the shades becomes more subtle over time . Players get a point for every correct square identified , but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point . Plus , players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends . It was created by Canada-based Network365 and is available for free on Facebook , Android , iOS and on desktop browsers . Although the game appears relatively simple , and starts with a board of just four coloured squares -LRB- left -RRB- , it quickly grows -LRB- right -RRB- . The differentiation between the shades becomes more subtle over time . There are eight levels , and as a player progresses the squares change orientation or add borders to make it harder . On the desktop version the game lets you continue until the timer runs out , but on the mobile apps -LRB- pictured -RRB- players ca n't progress until they have scored more than 20 on each level . There are eight levels , and as a player progresses the squares change orientation or add borders to make it harder . On the desktop version the game lets you continue until the timer runs out , but on mobile apps players ca n't progress until they have scored more than 20 points on each level . The app makers said scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ` lower than average ' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is ` great . ' ` This puzzle is designed to evaluate the quality of your colour vision , ' said the developers , but is n't intended to replace a full or partial eye examination . ` This puzzle is designed to evaluate the quality of your colour vision , ' said the developers . ` You should identify the difference , if possible , and share your result with your friends . ' But they stressed : ` Even though this test can be very accurate , it should never be used to replace a doctor 's visit . ' -LSB- It -RSB- provides basic information and guideline for your eyesight and colour test , and is not intended to replace a full or partial eye examination . ' Eyesight and colour was recently linked to how we perceive the world by Michael Abrash , chief scientist from Facebook-owned virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- experts Oculus . He explained that humans only have three colour sensors , we ca n't see infrared or ultraviolet and we have a blind spot in each eye . ` Our visual data is actually astonishingly sparse and even if we were able to accurately record and process every photon that reaches our eyes , we 'd still have too little data to be able to reconstruct the world accurately , ' he said . He used the recent black and blue/white and gold dress as an example . ` Our visual system takes its best guess and sends that to the conscious mind , ' he continued . The blue and black -LRB- or gold and white -RRB- dress that sweeped the internet last month revealed just how differently two people can see the world . But it 's not just about lighting conditions or optical illusions - evidence is mounting that until we have a way to describe something , we may not see its there . Ancient languages , for instance , did n't have a word for blue and scientists believe as a result our ancestors did n't notice the colour even existed . In 1858 William Gladstone , who later became the British prime minister , counted the colour references in the Homer 's Odyssey and found blue was n't mentioned at all . Black is mentioned nearly 200 times and white about 100 . Red , meanwhile , is mentioned fewer than 15 times , and yellow and green fewer than 10 . And blue does n't appear in Greek texts , the Koran , ancient Chinese stories , and an ancient Hebrew version of the Bible , according to a German philologist named Lazarus Geiger . Egyptians , who were the only culture that could produce blue dyes , were the first ancient civilisation to have a word for the colour blue and there remain tribes today who do n't have a word for blue , such as the Himba people in Namibia . Several years ago , researchers showed some of the Himba tribe a circle with 11 green squares and one blue . The study found they could not pick out which one was different from the others , or took much longer to make sense of it . However , the same tribe has many different words for green . When they were shown squares with one green a different shade , they could pick it out immediately . Researchers showed the Himba tribe in Namibia 11 green squares with one blue . The study found they could n't pick out which was different from the others , but the same tribe has many words for green . When they were shown squares with one green a different shade , they picked it out immediately -LRB- second top left -RRB- . ` The way that the brain compensates for the limited data it receives is by maintaining a model of the real world that it constantly updates as new data comes in . ` And it is that model , not the real world , that you experience and trust implicitly . We are inference machines , not objective observers . He then showed a red and blue pill on hands that were shown on a yellow background to give an example of how this inference model breaks down . Michael Abrash , chief scientist from Oculus recently used this image to show how vision is simply our perception of the world , but is n't realty . The pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . The colours of the pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . And even when a person knows that the pills are grey , they still see them as red or blue . ` Your visual system is n't interested in whether the photons coming from a tile on a random image are red or blue or grey , ' Mr Abrash continued . ` Knowing that did n't keep anyone from being eaten by lions on the Savannah . What it is interested in is identifying potentially relevant features , in the real world , under a variety of conditions . ` Your visual system constantly corrects for the colours in the scene . It is reverse engineering reality rather than just recording it . The colours seen are your brain 's `` best guess . ''