When it comes to pulling out wobbly teeth , some people may reach for the pliers , while others might go for the tried and tested door handle trick . However , professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie - known as Rob Venomous in the ring - took a different approach when he tied his son James 's tooth to the back of his muscle car . A video Mr Abercrombie posted online shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before powering forward , pulling his son 's front tooth clean out . Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie , who goes by the name of Rob Venomous , uploaded this video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son 's wobbly tooth with a Chevy muscle car . According to posts on Mr Abercrombie 's Facebook page , his son James had been asking him for days to perform the DIY removal before he gave in . After the car stops , James , eight , can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his other teeth , saying excitedly : ` It came out ! ' According to posts on his Facebook page , James had been asking Mr Abercrombie for several days to extract the tooth using his car before he finally relented . Mr Abercrombie 's fiancee Bianca Huertas , to whom he has been engaged since 2010 , seems to have been less keen on the idea , but eventually gave in , saying : ` Boys will be boys ' . In the footage Mr Abercrombie can be seen climbing into his Camero before revving up the engine and lurching forward , pulling James 's tooth clean out . At the end of the video the boy can be seen running up to the camera showing off his toothy , if slightly bloodstained , grin - exclaiming ` it came out ! ' Since it was first posted four days ago , the video has gone viral , attracting more than 3million views and has been reposted across the globe . This is not the first time a car has been used to pull out a child 's tooth , after another youngster in Utah used his remote control monster truck to remove the wobbly incisor . The boy , known as Striker Stanger , from Harrisville , is seen sitting in the hallway of his home with a piece of string attached to the miniature truck , and the other end to his tooth . The video is believed to have been shot by Bianca Fuertas -LRB- left -RRB- , Mr Abercrombie 's fiancee to whom he has been engaged since 2010 . He is pictured right with his eldest son James , who features in the video . Asked by his mother what his is trying to do , he says : ` I 'm going to take this remote , the truck 's going to go all the way forward to dad ... and I 'm going to see if I can pull my tooth out . ' He then presses forward on the remote control , and to his surprise , the truck manages to dislodge his tooth . ` Oh my gosh , It did it ! ' he exclaims before running towards the camera to show off his new grin . It is not the first time a child has been shown using a car to pull a loose tooth out - although on this previous occasion it was only a remote controlled monster truck . Striker Stanger , from Utah , uploaded this video to YouTube which shows him using his toy truck to free one of his front teeth .