Murdered nursing student Karen Buckley -LRB- pictured -RRB- died of head and neck injuries , according to her death certificate . Nursing student Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries , it was revealed today as the man charged with her murder made his second court appearance . Her death certificate detailing the fatal injuries was signed by the 24-year-old 's parents Marion , 62 , and John , 61 , who have spoken of their heartbreak at losing their ` cherished ' daughter . Miss Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow 's west end earlier this month , sparking a four-day police search . Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm , near Milngavie , East Dunbartonshire . Former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau , 21 , appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today at a second private hearing where he made no plea and was remanded in custody . He was charged with the murder of the Irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17 . Miss Buckley 's death certificate was officially issued by a registrar in Glasgow on Wednesday . Her family hope her body will soon be released for burial after legal concerns are dealt with . The occupational therapy student , who studied at Glasgow Caledonian Univerity , disappeared on April 11 after telling friends she was going to the loo at the Sanctuary club . Flatmates at her home in Garnethill in the city centre raised the alarm when she failed to return from the night out . Her handbag was discovered in Dawsholm Park and the search switched to a property in Dorchester Avenue and then to High Craigton Farm , where her remains were found . Miss Buckley , originally from County Cork , moved to Scotland in February and was a first-year student . A spokesman for the Crown Office said : ` Alexander Pacteau , 21 , from Glasgow , made a second appearance at Glasgow Sheriff Court today charged with the murder of Karen Buckley , and with attempting to defeat the ends of justice . ` He made no plea or declaration and was fully committed and remanded in custody . No further court dates have been set at this time . ` It would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage in proceedings . ' Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm -LRB- pictured -RRB- , near Milngavie , East Dunbartonshire . Miss Buckley from County Cork vanished after a night out in Glasgow , sparking a four-day police search . More than 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's parents attended a memorial service in Glasgow 's George Square on the day Pacteau appeared in court . Her parents also read touching messages and tributes at Glasgow Caledonian University . Mr Buckley said : ` Marian and I , with our sons Brendan , Kieran and Damian , are absolutely heartbroken . ` Karen was our only daughter , cherished by our family and loved by her friends . We will miss her terribly . ' ` There are so many broken hearts for you ' We told yesterday how Karen 's best friend Julie Malone praised the online community for sharing pictures of Karen across Facebook and Twitter during the four-day police investigation . The vigil was organised by former Scottish Socialist politician Rosie Kane . She said : ` I do n't want to be here , that 's the first thing I need to say . ` It seems that everyone has been devastated but we want to support Karen 's family and show them the best side of the city . We 're trying to make something beautiful from that horrible , horrible grief . ` There have been some songs from Scotland and Ireland and people have brought flowers and candles . ` We also had a moment 's silence to think about Karen 's life , what we knew of her , about her family and to wish them the best . ' Her parents , John and Marian , say they are ` absolutely heartbroken ' at the death of their ` cherished ' daughter . Tearful friends , family and colleagues of the popular student laid flowers and left messages of condolence . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .