Supporters of ISIS have ` declared a caliphate ' in Yemen through a bizarre video showing a group of masked fighters a barren desert . The video , allegedly shot near the capital of Sanaa , sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand . The ` establishing ' of an ISIS-related group in Yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and the local Al Qaeda affiliates . Scroll down for video . Declaration of fear : The video shows a group of ISIS supporters , calling itself Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen , announcing that they have established a ` caliphate ' in the country . The group in the video , which calls itself Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen , began to emerge late last year and it is believed that their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- , which has strongholds in the south and south-east of Yemen . Last month , the ISIS-related group claimed responsibility for a series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks at two mosques in the Houthi-controlled capital of Sanaa . Four bombers wearing explosive belts targeted worshippers in and around the crowded mosques during Friday prayers killing 137 people and wounding 357 . Although the location of the video , released on Friday , has yet to be confirmed , it is claimed to have been filmed near the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , which was captured by the Houthis last September . The nine-minute clip is similar to propaganda videos released by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , appearing to be shot and edited using professional equipment . Calculated move : The video , allegedly shot near the capital of Sanaa , sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand . The Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen , began to emerge late last year and it is believed that their aim is to take over AQAP , which has strongholds in the south and south-east of Yemen . The ` establishing ' of an Islamic State ` caliphate ' in Yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al-Qaeda -LRB- AQAP -RRB- . Heavily armed : The fighters in the video can be seen carrying AK-47s , machine guns and a grenade launcher . It starts with a masked man in sandals , sticking a black ISIS flag into the ground to ` declare the caliphate ' . He announces that the ` soldiers of the Caliphate will cut the throats ' of the Shi'ite Houthis , and ` take back the land they have occupied ' . It then shows the two dozen men undergoing military training in the desert , and the fighters can be seen holding rifles and a grenade launcher , before firing some of the weapons in the sand . The possibility of ISIS gaining power in Yemen in the country 's current state of chaos is particularly dangerous as one of the world 's busiest oil shipping lanes is located off its coast . Yemen is currently on the brink of outright civil war , with several sides battling each other since the conflict began last year . Houthi rebels , backed by Shi'ite Iran , began their advance across Yemen by capturing the capital of Sanaa in September , later forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi into exile . Fighters loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh have been battling alongside the Houthi rebels , with the Houthis , Saleh-loyalists and Hadi-loyalists all battling al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -LRB- AQAP -RRB- in the south . Last month , an intervention led by Saudi Arabia was launched with the aim to restore Hadi and prevent Yemen disintegrating as a state . Threats : The group announces that the ` soldiers of the Caliphate will cut the throats ' of the Shi'ite Houthis , and ` take back the land they have occupied ' Worrying development : The possibility of ISIS gaining power in Yemen in the country 's current state of chaos is particularly dangerous , as one of the world 's busiest oil shipping lanes is located off its coast . Moving in : Although the location of the video , released on Friday , has yet to be confirmed , it is claimed to have been filmed near the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , which was captured by the Houthis last September . Yesterday saw at least five air strikes on military positions and an area near the presidential palace compound in Sanaa , while warships pounded an area near the port of the southern city of Aden , residents said . Last Friday , Yemeni Foreign Minister Riyadh Yaseen rejected a call for peace talks issued by former president Saleh on Friday and said the Saudi-led military operation had not ended . Speaking at a news conference in London , Mr Yaseen said : `` These calls are unacceptable after all of the destruction Ali Abdullah Saleh has caused . There can be no place for Saleh in any future political talks . `` There will be no deal with the Houthis whatsoever until they withdraw from areas under their control , '' he added . Iran 's navy chief said on Sunday that it would keep warships in the Gulf of Aden for at least several months , a stance that could harden U.S. concerns about Tehran trying to supply advanced weapons to the Houthis . Admiral Habibollah Sayyari , quoted by the state news agency IRNA , said the ships had deployed to protect shipping routes against piracy . The Islamic Republic denies giving military support to the Houthis . The United States sent an aircraft carrier and a missile cruiser to support seven U.S. warships already near the Gulf of Aden this week , and warned Iran not to send weapons to Yemen that could be used to threaten shipping traffic .