For the first time , the Government 's drug regulator - the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency -LRB- MHRA -RRB- - has approved a remedy containing a traditional Chinese herb . The product , Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . ` Until now many GPs have been wary of recommending Chinese herbs , but now there is one product that we know is produced safely and at the optimum dose , ' explains Professor George Lewith , a complementary medicine researcher from Southampton University . Sigesbeckia is a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . ` Sigesbeckia gives us another alternative to anti-inflammatory drugs which come with potential side-effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding . ' Professor Lewith does n't use the product himself , but says that before having hip replacements for arthritis he used another herb , Devil 's Claw , as a remedy for joint pain . He is n't the only orthodox doctor who recommends complementary therapies to his patients ... HERBAL MEDICINE FOR COLDS AND DEPRESSION . Dr Mike Dixon , a GP in Cullompton , Devon , and chairman of the College of Medicine , says he is a ` fan ' of herbal medicines because they are ` safe , help to encourage self-care by patients and , in cases such as mint and aloe vera , can be grown by the patients themselves , making them virtually free ' . ` My go-to remedy in the cold season is a herb called pelargonium , which I take as soon as I feel a cold coming as it prevents the virus replicating , ' he says . ` I also use mint tea for indigestion and make a remedy from the lemon balm that grows in my garden to help me sleep . You just put five leaves in a cup of boiling water and leave it to brew . The remedy I most commonly suggest to patients , though , is St John 's wort . There is strong evidence that it helps in tackling mild to moderate depression . It is also a potential treatment for long-term tiredness . ` It can interfere with the contraceptive Pill and some other medications - but it 's definitely something that I suggest patients should consider . ' Before taking St John 's wort , check with your pharmacist or GP . Dr Mike Dixon says he is a ` fan ' of herbal medicines because they are ` safe ' -LRB- posed by model -RRB- . HYPNOTHERAPY FOR BOWEL TROUBLE . Professor Peter Whorwell , a gastroenterologist at the Wythenshawe Hospital in Manchester , specialises in helping people with severe Irritable Bowel Syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- . ` By the time they come to me most other treatments have failed , and I recommend hypnotherapy to probably 70 to 80 per cent of them as part of a treatment package including medication , diet and lifestyle changes . ` It works on about 80 per cent of those who try it . IBS involves abnormal muscle spasms of the gut and hypersensitivity of the gut to pain , and is aggravated by stress . Hypnotherapy tackles all three of these causes . ` I have been taught self-hypnosis to help me sleep when my mind is whirring . I think it 's a skill every doctor should learn . ' TURMERIC FOR ACHES AND PAINS . Dr Uzma Ali , an NHS GP who also works at the Integrated Medical Centre in London , explains that as a child she was always given a glass of warm milk with half a teaspoon of the spice turmeric if she fell over . Dr Uzma Ali was always given a glass of warm milk with half a teaspoon of the spice turmeric if she fell over . ` Only now do I know why that was - turmeric contains an ingredient called curcumin which has been found to have a powerful anti-inflammatory action . ` Now , if I see patients with problems like sports injuries , back pain , whiplash , fibromyalgia or sciatica , I suggest that they add a supplement of curcumin to their treatment - or , if they ca n't take painkillers , that they use it as their primary remedy . ` My favourite remedy is called Dehlvi 's Haldi capsules , which contain turmeric , but you can buy turmeric/curcumin capsules in health stores - or just add more to your cooking . ' ACUPUNCTURE FOR MIGRAINES . Dr Tanvir Jamil , a GP at Burnham Health Centre , near Slough in Berkshire , has been treating his patients with acupuncture for years . ` I mostly offer this to patients for pain relief - particularly migraine . If medication or lifestyle changes such as reducing stress are n't working , acupuncture will often help . I normally give patients one session a week for four weeks . The number of GPs in Britain who practise homeopathy . ` I combine Chinese acupuncture - which works along energy lines called meridians in the body , that Chinese practitioners believe become imbalanced during illness - and Western acupuncture , which concentrates the needles where it specifically hurts . ` So for migraine , I 'd use the needles around the face , either side of the eyebrow , the cheek and just under the ear - along with points in the hands . ` I decided to learn acupuncture when I was a junior doctor over 20 years ago . The evidence is good enough that the government health watchdog , NICE , recommends acupuncture on the NHS for migraines . ` I have had acupuncture myself for neck pain in the past . Exactly how it works is n't known but my personal theory is that it somehow stops the nerves being as sensitive to pain signals . ` It 's a once-a-week treatment and there are no side-effects - it could save the NHS a fortune if it was used more widely . ' YOGA FOR SKIN COMPLAINTS . Every morning Dr Stefanie Williams , a dermatologist and medical director of European Dermatology London , does ten to 15 minutes of yoga and 20 minutes ' meditation at lunchtime . ` Both help my stress levels and also benefit my skin , ' she says . ` The stress hormone cortisol raises levels of inflammation in the skin - and this not only triggers faster ageing but aggravates conditions such as acne , eczema and rosacea . The stress hormone cortisol raises levels of inflammation in the skin - yoga can alleviate this . ` For this reason I also advise my patients , whether they are coming to me for skin problems or merely for cosmetic procedures , to try yoga or meditation as part of their treatment plan . ` They are often surprised by the idea , but many have experienced their skin flaring up when they are stressed , so once I explain the science behind why that happens they are very keen to include it . ' HOMEOPATHY FOR INDIGESTION . Most conventional doctors are highly sceptical of homeopathy , questioning the idea that minute amounts of a substance that triggers symptoms can also be used to treat those symptoms . Not so Dr Tim Robinson , a GP in Beaminster , Dorset , who has been a GP for 25 years and a homeopath for 20 . ` I use homeopathy myself - most commonly Nux Vom , which I take when I get indigestion - and I do suggest the remedies to some of my patients . ` It is helpful when conventional medication has nothing to offer , or where it 's contra-indicated . ` For example , if I have a menopausal woman coming to see me with hot flushes and she ca n't take HRT because she has had breast cancer , or has been using HRT for the recommended two to four years and must come off it , there are a few homeopathic remedies I can suggest - belladonna being the most common . ` Homeopathy is also useful for chilblains - there are topical orthodox treatments for this but they are n't very effective . ` The idea behind homeopathy is that dilute forms of substances that cause the symptoms of a condition can also help to treat it . ` In a study of 20,000 people by Bristol Homeopathic Hospital , 70 per cent of them said they felt a positive benefit . '