Authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for a explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer . The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo , WGRZ reported . Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station . Interview : This man was speaking to a local news station when the second of three explosions sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street . Close encounter : The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled ` Heads-up ! ' several times . A Buffalo Fire Department official told WGRZ the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air . A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him - and a manhole soon went up toward the sky . ` We were uh , had pretty much evacuated the building , ' the man said on camera . ` We were waiting for the children to finish evacuating - ' The video then shows the cover flying high into the air as the man yells ` Heads-up ! ' several times . The cover landed near a firefighter and a utility truck . There were no injuries , WGRZ reported . The man soon continued his interview with the NBC affiliate , saying ` That fire 's traveling , cause the first manhole actually was a little bit up the street on Tupper . Danger : A Buffalo Fire Department official has said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air . Back on the ground : The cover landed near a firefighter and a utility truck . ` That second one was right here at the corner , so the fire seems to be coming down the street towards this way , and pretty much what you just seen right there is what we heard a moment ago when the first explosion took place . ' The man told WGRZ ` It 's definitely startling . ' A third explosion took place around 2 pm Sunday , the Buffalo Fire Department told the news station . The fire department 's Capt. Keith Burke told WIVB ` Apparently the wires in the manholes were burning and there were some small explosions happening so National Grid arrived on location . ' National Grid told local media it was figuring out what was behind the fire . Incident : Firefighters were spotted on the scene in downtown Buffalo on Sunday . Threat : Smoke is seen emanating . Police reportedly evacuated two buildings Sunday . Response : Both fire and police vehicles swarmed the Buffalo street on Sunday .