A pregnant mother with a rare form of dwarfism has revealed the physical challenges of raising her three-year-old son - who is more than half her size - while preparing for the arrival of her second child . Tiffanie DiDonato , from Swansboro , North Carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall , instead of her previous height of 3 ' 8 , which is how tall her son Titan currently is . But even with the additional inches , parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who has certain physical limitations , and often has to use crutches , or sometimes a wheelchair , in addition to being three months pregnant . ` Titan is a typical kid -- he wants to do what he wants to do , ' she told People of her son . ` And chasing him outside or across the street is not an option for me . ' Helping hand : Tiffanie DiDonato , who has diastrophic dysplasia , a rare form of dwarfism , can be seen grocery shopping with her three-year-old son Titan , who is more than half her size , but always willing to assist her . Making it work : The 34-year-old mom from Swansboro , North Carolina , is 4 '10 tall and is constantly re-teaching herself to walk because of the stiff muscles and arthritis , which are side effects of her dwarfism . Tiffanie , who married to Eric Gabrielse , a 6 ' 1 , 29-year-old Marine who is 6 ' 0 , explained that she has to get creative when it comes to dealing with her son - especially when he throws himself on the floor and cries . When tantrums occurs she will walk way and say : ` Mommy ca n't help when you 're yelling at me ... No crying and Mommy can help . ' Tiffanie noted that this trick , which she has developed over time , usually prompts her son to get up and give her a hug . ` I try my best to let him know throwing tantrums does n't get you very far - a great lesson to learn , do n't you think ? ' she said . Great news : Tiffanie and her husband Eric Gabrielse , a 29-year-old Marine , are expecting their second child in September . All smiles : Titan happily cuddled up to his dad for this snapshot . Full of life : The three-year-old had a laugh while his dad Eric enjoyed his breakfast . Tiffanie , who co-wrote the memoir Dwarf with Rennie Dyball , has difficulty lifting Titan now that is getting taller because her arms are significantly shorter than most moms . The stiff muscles and arthritis that are side effects of her condition mean that she has to constantly re-teach herself how to walk - which makes chasing after Titan impossible . Losing control of her son is one of her greatest fears , which is why she avoids leaving the house with Titan when she does n't her husband Eric or another family member by her side . ` I have even watched Eric struggle to catch him outside and he 's a Marine ! ' she explained . ` We named Titan correctly , because he 's almost too speedy and too athletic . ' Because she ` would n't stand a chance ' against outracing her son , she makes sure she stays '10 steps ahead of the game ' at all times . Overcoming obstacles : Tiffanie can be seen as a child wearing braces on her legs . She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries when she was younger . Painful choice : Tiffanie was expected to be 3 ' 8 tall , but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4 ' 10 , enabling her to be more independent . Tiffanie recalled times in which Titan has climbed into the dryer or wedged himself behind the couch or plopped himself inside the sink . Without physically being able to get him out on her own , she has to rely on her own quick thinking , as well as game she made up to ensure his cooperation . She explained that when she sings : ` One , two , three , help me ! ' and reaches out for Titan , he will take her hands and pull himself up and out of whatever precarious situation he has gotten himself into . Titan 's willingness to lend his mom a helping hand is one of the reasons she is confident that he will be a fantastic big brother . ` He really is - whether he is intentionally doing so or no - becoming my little helper , ' she said . ` We conquer the day-to-day challenges together , and I hope we always do . ' Sweet moment : Tiffanie and Titan snuggled up together on the couch before he fell asleep . Support system : Tiffanie wore a yellow halter dress while posing for this photo with a friend . Sports fans : Eric and Tiffanie smiled for the camera at a Red Sox game at Yankee Stadium in New York City .