A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river . Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole , which is a type of goanna , at the Mary River near Pine Creek in Northern Territory . After feasting on its ' meal , the three-metre reptile noticed Ms Gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water . ` It was a real shock , ' Ms Gleeson told Daily Mail Australia . ` There was only a little bit of the tail hanging out of his mouth , then he saw me a went under . ' Ms Gleeson has been living by the Mary River Station for more than 15 years where she runs the Mary River Australian Safaris . With several years of fishing and hunting , Ms Gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before despite living near a croc infested location . ` It was amazing - you do n't see that very often if ever , ' she said . ` I 've seen a saltwater fella eating a leg of a deer . ' A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river this week . the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at a river in Northern Territory . Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the lizard whole . The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community , NT News reported . The Parks and Wildlife Crocodile Management team trapped the creature near Nauiyu and successfully removed him . Senior ranger Tom Nichols said the animal had been in the area for ` a couple of weeks ' . ` It was taking dogs from the community and posing a threat to kids in the area , ' he told NT News . ` A trap was set about a week before the croc was caught . ' The Parks and Wildlife Crocodile Management load the 4.38 m crocodile onto a trailer . It took three members of the croc management team and local police to get the half-ton saltie out of the trap . ` We gave it some drugs , pulled it out of the trap and loaded it up on our skid trailer , ' Mr Nichols said . ` Some crocs are worse than others but he was n't too bad . ' ` We stopped in Adelaide River to wet him down and that gave the local kids , and adults too , a chance to see the croc and ask questions . ' This was the 58th crocodile removed from Top End waters this year . It was later taken to the Darwin Crocodile Farm at Noonamah . The huge crocodile 's jaws are taped shut before it is pulled from the trap up to the trailer .