Andres Iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he ` never went away ' following a vintage first-half performance in Barcelona 's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night . The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season , prompting critics to suggest the 30-year-old was on the decline . But Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side 's Champions League quarter-final second-leg victory over PSG with a mesmeric run and pass for Neymar to score his first goal of the evening at the Camp Nou . Andres Iniesta showed there is life in the old dog yet with a majestic first-half performances versus PSG . Iniesta provided Neymar with his first goal on the night with a trademark through-ball after 14 minutes . ` I was glad to take part in the semi-finals and it was a great night for everyone , ' Inietsa told reporters . ` Am I back ? I never went away . ` It was not easy at all , despite us having the 3-1 advantage . We 're peaking at a great time by playing well at the end of the season . We have gone from strength to strength , which is what it should be like . ` We 're in great form but we know that matches can be decided by the smallest of details . We know that our presence in the semi-finals is important , though , and it 's great that we made it that far . ' Barcelona 's No 8 goes to celebrate with Neymar after killing off the French side in the opening half . Neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season as Barcelona cruised past PSG . Iniesta 's ability to adapt his game may yet add years to his already glittering career at the Camp Nou . Iniesta has been forced to play a deeper role this season to accommodate the triple threat of Neymar , Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi . And it was from his deep-lying central position that the diminutive midfielder started his slalom through the heart of Laurent Blanc 's side just shy of the quarter-hour mark , before laying the ball on a plate for Neymar to score his 29th goal of the season . Iniesta was replaced by Xavi at half-time , as Barcelona went on to complete a 5-1 aggregate victory that puts them in the draw for the Champions League semi-finals for the seventh time in eight years .