Controversial Australian celebrity chef Pete Evans is under attack again with experts warning his ` reworked ' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies . Dietitians have singled out a ` happy tummy brew ' in Evans ' cookbook , Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way , for New Mums , Babies and Toddlers , because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose for a baby . The original recipe for the ` brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies . Scroll down for video . The paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle . The Dieticians Association of Australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies . ` This new infant ` brew ' could seriously harm babies , ' a spokeswoman for the Dieticians Association of Australia told News Corp Australia . ` The authors seem to have made a serious mistake with this second version of their liver and broth recipe , suggesting they do not understand the basic scientific and nutrition information relevant for infant feeding . ` They have said publicly that they have tried to make it safe by reworking the original recipe , and increasing the age for which it 's suggested from 0-6 months to now be 6-12 months , but they have failed spectacularly to meet any safe standards . ' The paleo advocate has been encouraging hundreds and thousands of Australians to embrace the lifestyle . Evans 's co-authors , wellness blogger Charlotte Carr and naturopath Helen Padrin , told Channel 7 last week the dangerous formula had been reworked and renamed ` Happy Tummy Brew ' . The pair told the program the recipe had changed . ` We added vitamin C and some calcium , ` Carr told The Morning Show . It comes after Evans ' recently shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of their multiple sclerosis . A 30-year-old woman , Hollie , wrote she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013 . She said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . But after jumping on the Paleo diet bandwagon , Hollie claimed she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months , her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever . Hollie 's experience led the celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on Facebook on Saturday . Pete Evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . ` WOW this is powerful story on MS , thanks for sharing Hollie . . it will make your heart sing . . it has mine , please tag and share wide ! ' Evans wrote . The Australian chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg , another MS sufferer . The woman claimed she has seen significant health improvements after being on Evans ' 10 weeks Paleo program . The celebrity chef has been a proud paleo advocate . ` I have had a lot of health issues the past years , mainly auto-immune stuff including MS , ' she wrote in the online post . ` Having MS means I 'm always sapped of energy , have numbness , pins and needles , pain , poor concentration , etc. . Not any more ! ' Marg said she was recently able to walk up and down a flight of 811 stairs . ` No way on earth I could have done that 10 weeks ago , ' she wrote . ` My concentration and memory is much better and I can also plan better . I 'm not off my MS meds yet but I am off my Thyroid and Reflux meds . ` Thanks so much Pete and team for helping me get my life back . You 've made this road so easy . As an added bonus I 've gone from a size 16 to a size 12 . ' The My Kitchen Rules judge has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting the benefits of a ` caveman diet ' that cuts out grains , legumes , sugar and dairy . But , Hollie praised Evans for his endorsement of the controversial diet , and said ` the way you are changing the lives of others by leading an example is remarkable ' . ` I have been inspired by your encouragement , great recipes and educated by the accurate information you provide , ' Hollie wrote . ` Pete , I thank you so very much for bringing paleo in to the mainstream - people no longer look at me as though I 'm a weirdo for following this way of life . ' In another recent Facebook post , the Australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg who also suffers from MS . Evans has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a controversial caveman ` diet ' LaTrobe University Associate Professor of Dietetics Catherine Itsiopoulos pointed out Hollie 's diet might have been unhealthy before adapting the Paleo lifestyle . ` Her diet may have been poor previously , ' Dr Itsiopoulos told Daily Mail Australia . ` There are so many factors to pinpoint - specifically how her condition changed and we do n't know what her diet and eating habits were like before . ` By eating lean meat , good oil and high intake of bioactive plants such as leafy and root vegetables - could all have a beneficial effect because all of these foods work significantly well together . ` But we do n't actually know if her condition is cured so it 's hard to advocate on because there 's no scientific evidence to back this up . ' The paleo lifestyle , which Evans is a long-time supporter of , bans all dairy , grains , preservatives and sugar . University of South Australia Professor of Population , Health and Nutrition Kerin O'Dea said while the diet seemed to have worked for Hollie , it might not work for others . ` Pete can share whatever he likes to his followers but there 's never going to be one magic bullet to cure an illness or a serious disease , ' Dr O'Dea told Daily Mail Australia . ` Someone reporting an anecdote might be true in one person 's case but it 's very difficult to imply it to others , which can be quite misleading for people . The paleo style of eating , which Pete Evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe . ` They could feel failure when it does n't work for them , especially when they try to cure a serious condition like this . ` I would n't recommend any particular diet for anyone suffering any type of illnesses . ' The paleo style of eating , which Evans is a proud supporter of , has swept the globe and involves a high intake of meat , fish , eggs , vegetables , some fruits , seeds and nuts .