A woman told she was infertile after undergoing gruelling cancer treatment has spoken of her joy at giving birth to a baby boy . Doctors told Cara Newton , 32 , from Fleet , Hampshire , she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 . While Mrs Newton and her husband , Chris , 34 , were relieved that chemotherapy had worked , they were devastated to be told they would never have a family of their own . Some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs . This means a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause , as Mrs Newton did . Cara Newton , 32 -LRB- with husband Chris -RRB- , was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 . To her utter surprise , she conceived baby Sebastian naturally . Mrs Newton was diagnosed with Ewing 's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in April 2009 . She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility . After IVF failed , the couple feared they would never become parents . But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian , who was born last April . The couple tried IVF using a donor egg but when that failed , they feared the worst . Then 10 months later , to their utter surprise , Mrs Newton became pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian , who was born last April . She said : ` I was heartbroken when doctors told me I had zero chance of ever becoming a mum . ` Chemotherapy had taken my hair , made me sick and plummeted by body into early menopause . ` I had always wanted children but my hopes of having my own family had been destroyed overnight . ' She added : ` Chris and I decided to try IVF using a donor egg . Even though the baby would n't biologically be mine , at least I would experience pregnancy and we would become parents . ' ` When it failed I was gutted , but just months later I fell pregnant naturally , it was a dream come true . We had to keep pinching ourselves to check it was real . ' Mrs Newton was diagnosed with Ewing 's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in April 2009 . She had become concerned after suffering from pain in her leg - something she first thought was a pulled a muscle . But an MRI confirmed her worst fears - she had bone cancer and could lose her leg . She said : ` I was terrified when I heard the word `` cancer '' and the amount of treatment I would need . ' During surgery , Mrs Newton had 13 cm of bone removed from her femur , which was replaced with a metal internal prosthesis . Mrs Newton had 13 cm of bone removed from her femur , which was replaced with a metal internal prosthesis . She also underwent multiple rounds of chemotherapy , all the time worrying she would lose her leg . She said : ` I ended up in intensive care a couple of times as the chemotherapy made me so ill that my body could n't cope with the treatment . Chemotherapy can stop a woman 's ovaries from working either temporarily or possibly permanently . The extend of the damage on fertility depends on the drugs and doses a patient receives . Some chemotherapy drugs are also more likely than others to cause infertility . Permanent infertility is more likely if a patient have higher doses of the drugs . It is also more likely in older women , especially those nearing the age where they would naturally have a menopause . Some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs . If this happens , a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause . While it is not as easy for women to preserve their fertility as it is for men , but there are ways of doing it , such as freezing embryos , freezing eggs or freezing ovarian tissue . These techniques are done before the chemotherapy starts and involve having some eggs collected . Source : Cancer Research UK . ` I was in a situation where I had to continue with chemotherapy or the cancer would kill me - but at times it was a risk that the chemo could kill me . It was terrifying . ' It was the support of her now husband that got her through the ordeal , she says . ` Chris was my rock throughout it all and he proposed to me when I finished treatment in 2010 but I wanted to wait until my hair grew back before we got married , ' she said . After marrying the following year , the couple were overjoyed to be told Mrs Newton was in remission - and they turned their thoughts to starting a family . But the gruelling treatment Mrs Newton had undergone severely hindered their chance of conceiving . ` The treatment stopped us from trying IVF through using a donor egg straight away , ' she said . ` And when it failed in October 2012 and I fought off two serious infections that could have cost me my leg , I felt as though I would never become a mum . ' With Mrs Newton on strong medication until July 2013 , they were unable to try for a baby . ` So when I fell pregnant naturally in August we both felt like it was a complete miracle , ' she said . ` Being a mum to Seb is the best thing in the world , Chris and I finally have the perfect family we have always wanted . ' She added : ` If someone could have told me five years ago that I would keep my leg , by cancer free and become a mum I would never have believed them . ' She said : ` When I fell pregnant naturally , it was a dream come true . We had to keep pinching ourselves to check it was real ' With Sebastian now a year old , she said : ` Being a mum to Seb is the best thing in the world , Chris and I finally have the perfect family we have always wanted ' She has now shared her story will give other women hope . ` I hope my story shows other women who have battled cancer that despite going through the menopause after chemotherapy , that miracles do happen and that one day they could have a baby too . ' Mrs Newton has also been supported throughout her illness by the Bone Cancer Research Trust . Julie Harrington , Bone Cancer Research Trust chief executive , said : ` Finding out you have primary bone cancer is devastating enough but to be told you may never have children as a result is a real shock . ` Cara has shown incredible bravery and strength throughout her journey and is now blessed to have a beautiful baby boy . ' ` Every year in the UK and Ireland 600 families will be affected by this brutal disease which leaves long-lasting physical and emotional scars , even after treatment . ` Cara 's story gives a ray of hope to others through their darkest times and we wish her and her husband all the very best for their new life as parents . '