Meet Suma , one of Melbourne Zoo 's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis . She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain . But on Thursday , amazing photographs were captured of the primate 's thorough health examination by surgeons . Although is not unusual for middle-aged orangutans to have arthritis , doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years . Suma was treated by orthopaedic surgeon and associate professor Marino Pirpiris , who usually treats humans , and senior vet Dr Helen McCracken . X-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis , her hips and ankles , as Dr Pirpiris then gave the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years . Doctors were also able to give Suma a full check up , including her ears , teeth , and eyes , and also took urine and blood samples . Suma , a 36-year-old orangutan , undergoes a health check-up at Melbourne Zoo to assess the progress of her arthritis . Suma was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements . X-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis which includes her hips -LRB- pictured -RRB- and ankles . In June she will turn 37 years old , which is late middle age for an orangutan , so arthritis is not unexpected . Initially , keepers helped alleviate the condition by giving Suma daily pain medication . Zoo vets took the opportunity to give Suma a full check-up including her ears , teeth and eyes . Suma is transported to and from the examination room by Melbourne zoo keepers on Thursday . Surgeon Associate Professor Marino Pirpiris , who more typically treats humans , joined senior vet Dr. Helen McCracken to look Suma over . Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her arthritis has progressed since 2013 . Dr Pirpiris also gave the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years .