The wife of a man who was stabbed to death in a frenzied attack has revealed she is too terrified to leave home ` in case she gets a knife in the back ' . Clare Else 's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic Ephraim Norman , 24 , after getting off a bus close to his home in Croydon , south London , in April last year . The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack , which was only stopped when police dragged him off . Clare Else -LRB- right -RRB- has been scared to leave her home since her husband Andrew -LRB- left -RRB- was stabbed to death by a paranoid schizophrenic as he got off a bus in Croydon , south London , last year . Norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill , the Old Bailey was told . Mrs Else , 52 , explained in her first full interview since the estate agent 's murder that she has been left too scared to leave the house . She said : ` Andrew must have got off that bus and felt safe . He was literally a minute walk from the front door . ` Why would this person do this to him ? Our lives have been turned upside down . Every time I walk in the front door I think am I going to get a knife in my back ? ' . Andrew Else had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder on April 24 , last year . The mother-of-one was woken by a team of police knocking on her door at 12.30 am on April 24 , last year . ` At first , I thought it was Andrew and that maybe he 'd forgotten his keys , ' she said . ` I saw torches shining outside and realised it was n't him . ' ` I threw the door open and obviously it was the police . I asked if he 'd been mugged , or arrested for being drunk , but even that did n't make sense because he was n't like that . ` He was so friendly and sociable . He was n't the type to get into drunken arguments . ` They told me they could n't say anything until a detective got there , and that 's when I knew he 'd been murdered . ` I was a rabbit in the headlights . It is almost like you shut down and go through the motions . ' After the attack she fled to a family member 's home , while officers took Norman into custody to question him where he admitted to a similar unprovoked attack just weeks earlier , on April 6 . Armed with a knife , he had launched himself at a teenage boy , stabbing him with such ferocity that the blade went straight through the base of his neck . Miraculously , the boy survived , but a chilling X-ray shows that the knife just missed his spinal column . A post-mortem examination on April 25 counted more than 200 stab wounds on Mr Else 's body and it was noted that there were no defensive wounds to his arms or hands . ` That first blow would have taken Andrew down to his knees , ' Mrs Else said . ` Apparently as he turned round and said , `` Why are you doing this to me ? '' Ephraim just carried on . ' Mr Else -LRB- left , with his wife and their two dogs -RRB- was stabbed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman , who had stopped taking medication to treat his paranoid schizophrenia . Mrs Else -LRB- right -RRB- said she thought her husband could n't find his keys when she heard banging on the door at 12.30 am on that night last year . Mr Else is said to have asked Norman what he was doing but he carried on his unprovoked attack for minutes . Two men who had been driving past at the time of the killing saw Mr Else lying on a grass verge with Norman crouched over him , knife raised above his head . Too terrified to intervene , they pulled over and phoned police , staying on the line until officers arrived . During Norman 's trial in February 2015 , Alan Kent QC , prosecuting , said he was seemingly aware that his senseless attack was being witnessed . ` He looked up occasionally and saw that he was being observed , ' Mr Kent said . ` It did n't stop him from stabbing Mr Else . He continued even after police arrived . Mrs Else , pictured with Andrew on their wedding day , said Norman released a statement claiming to have ` no remorse or no sorrow for what he 's done to Andrew and the family ' She says her life has been ` turned upside down ' since the death of her ` friendly and sociable ' husband -LRB- pictured together on holiday , left and right -RRB- . The trial at London 's Old Bailey also heard that Norman had stopped taking anti-psychotic medication as it ` made it difficult for him to maintain an erection . ' ` He wanted to have sex with a girl or girlfriends but it was n't possible so he stopped taking the medication , ' Mr Kent said . Norman pleaded guilty to one count of attempted murder and one count of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility , saying he 'd been in the throes of a psychotic episode when he murdered Mr Else . The X-ray of a teenage boy who survived another unprovoked attack by Norman . ` It is just my madness , it is just like how my mind is , ' he said . ` I know I could do that again . It is not a big thing for me to do . I wanted him to die so much I just kept on stabbing him until he was dead . ' Mrs Else said Norman released a statement claiming to have ` no remorse or no sorrow for what he 's done to Andrew and the family ' . Norman , of Croydon , south London , is now being detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act . Meanwhile , two police sergeants connected to the case have faced allegations of misconduct after claims they failed to respond to the stabbing , despite being less than a mile away . The pair were reported to the Metropolitan Police 's Directorate of Professional Standards for allegedly preventing officers under their command from attending the scene . Instead , officers from Lewisham , 10 miles away , dealt with the attack . Though the pair remain on restricted duties , they will not face prosecution and it is not yet clear whether they will face a police disciplinary process .