A new mother who ` died ' for 11 minutes during her son 's birth woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby . Hilary Wilson , from Whitchurch , Shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , Felix , was being born . The 41-year-old woke up four days later , with absolutely no idea that she had been pregnant , or that she had given birth to Felix just days earlier . It was only when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing her children 's hand-me-downs that she realised he was her son . Hilary Wilson had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section and ` died ' for 11 minutes . When she woke up , she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth to her son Felix -LRB- pictured now at nine months old -RRB- . Mrs Wilson only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born , and it ` clicked ' that he was her son . The mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery , despite being given just a 30 per cent chance of survival and an 85 per cent possibility of brain damage . Mrs Wilson , a translator , said : ` When I woke up , my friends and family would talk to me about Felix , but I had no idea what they were on about . ` I was trying to make sense out of everything - I did n't know where I was or what had happened - I had no idea that I 'd ever been pregnant or just had a baby . ` It was n't until my sister showed me a picture of Felix that things very slowly started to fall into place . Her older sons , Sebastian , six , and Lucas , four , had both worn a white baby grow with blue piping when they were newborns . ` Felix was wearing it in the picture - so I thought he must have been mine , ' said Mrs Wilson . ` I knew no one else would have one like it , so when I saw him wearing it , I thought he must be mine . ` I made the conscious decision to believe what everyone was telling me , even though I 'm not quite sure I 'd accepted it just yet . ' An amniotic fluid embolism is a rare but serious condition that occurs when amniotic fluid -- the fluid that surrounds a baby in the uterus during pregnancy -- or fetal material , such as hair , enters the maternal bloodstream . An amniotic fluid embolism is most likely to occur during childbirth or immediately afterward . Signs and symptoms of an amniotic fluid embolism might include : . Source : Mayo Clinic . She added : ` When I met him when he was six days old , I did n't really feel like he was mine - I was n't interested in holding him , and I was happy for my mum to give him cuddles instead of me . ` It was n't until I was well enough to go back to the maternity ward and could breastfeed Felix that I really started to bond with him . ` Slowly , vague memories of being pregnant and giving birth returned , and I gradually started to feel the instinct to look after him . ` Now , Felix and I have a wonderful relationship , and the whole ordeal almost feels like a dream . ' Mrs Wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism . This is where the amniotic fluid -- the liquid inside the sac in which the baby grows - or other matter from the foetus , such as hair , cells or other debris , gets into the mother 's bloodstream . The condition can lead to seizures , coma , and cardiac arrest , where electrical activity of the heart becomes chaotic and it suddenly stops pumping blood around the body . Mrs Wilson had been in labour for 12 hours when doctors decided to perform a Caesarean . Just as baby Felix , now nine months , was being lifted out of the womb , Mrs Wilson went into cardiac arrest . She said : ` I remember feeling sick , and seconds later I had a cardiac arrest . ` They did CPR on me for 11 minutes and I had adrenaline injected into my heart . ` I lost four fifths of my blood because they had n't finished the surgery on my C-section - I had to have a blood transfusion and was put on life support . ` I woke up four days later and had no idea what was going on - all I knew was that I was in a lot of pain . Mrs Wilson was given just a 30 per cent chance of survival . Thankfully she made a remarkable recovery and is now at home with her family -LRB- -LRB- from left to right -RRB- Felix , Lucas , four , Sebastian , six , and husband Barry . Mrs Wilson can only remember vague details of being pregnant or Felix 's birth . But he is now a ` perfectly healthy , smiley little baby ' , she said , and they are ` completely bonded ' ` I was trying to make sense of everything around me , I thought maybe I was paralysed , or that I 'd died - I eventually decided that I must be having a nightmare . ` I remember someone telling me that Felix was fine , but I was so confused - so many people would visit me and mention him , but I had no clue who they were talking about . ' Family and friends showed Hilary photographs of her new son , but she remained confused and unable to recall any details about him . She said : ` I knew that the pain I was feeling was coming from my stomach , so when people talked about the baby , I thought it would make sense that my tummy hurt if I 'd just had a Caesarean . ` But I wrestled with the idea of believing it , because whilst it all made sense , I could n't remember . ` My sister showed me a picture of Felix on her iPad , and when I saw the baby grow he was wearing , something clicked . ` It was very strange - one minute I would have a grasp on reality , and the next I would be all over the place again . ' Mrs Wilson finally met Felix for the first time when he was six days old , but she still struggled to accept that he was her baby . Mrs Wilson said she burst into tears when she saw Felix for the first time -LRB- he is pictured in hospital -RRB- . She said : ` I was sad that such a little baby had been all on his own for the past week ' ` After that he was brought in once a day , but the bonding process only really began when I was able to breast feed him . ` The nurses had used a breast pump on me while I was sedated , so I was still able to breast feed . ` I was so pleased that my husband allowed the medics to do that - breast feeding is really important to me , and it allowed me to bond with Felix . ` I finally started to truly accept that he was mine . ' After spending two weeks in hospital , Mrs Wilson and Felix returned home . ` I can only vaguely remember my pregnancy and giving birth - some things come back to me , but I 'll see pictures of me before I had the baby , and I had no recollection of him . ` The past 12 months are pretty hazy , but I have to accept that I may never get my memories back . ` It 's bizarre to look back on what happened , it 's almost like a dream . ` Life is never going to be the same again - the day Felix was born was like a re-birthday for me because it 's given me a whole new perspective . ` It 's made me realise how precious life is , and I 'm grateful for every single day I have . ' Mrs Wilson will be cycling from Vietnam to Cambodia to raise money for CMPA support and for the Shrewsbury Intensive Treatment Unit which saved her life . To donate , visit : https://www.justgiving.com/Hilary-Wilson-ITU .