Do you want to live like hip hop mogul Lucious Lyon from the hit show 'Em pire ' ? If you have the bank balance of a mogul you could splash out on the house used for location shoots in the Fox show , which is filmed in the Chicago area . The enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . Scroll Down for Video . Fit for a mogul - the enormous mansion serves as the backdrop to the hit show Empire . It took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . The sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom French Country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $ 13 million , having failed to find a buyer at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013 . It took five years to build the enormous mansion , with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008 . This lengthy building period was partly due to the huge amount of custom woodwork and ornamentation in the house . The show centers on Lucious Lyon , played by Terence Howard , deciding which of his three sons will take over his company , Empire Entertainment . For the show , the interiors are staged often to look more dramatic than the house does in real life . The mansion even has an owner worthy of Empire , in strip club owner Sam Cecola , according to Curbed . Cecola owns the Admiral Theater strip club in Albany Park , Illinois , and previously owned the Club Paradise strip club in Las Vegas . He had to relinquish ownership of the Las Vegas property due to legal problems involving tax fraud and alleged connections to organized crime . As in the show , the stately living room features a grand piano . The house is as opulent in real life as it is in the show and has a lot of room for entertaining . The house includes a wet bar , walnut-paneled library , huge gourmet kitchen and a built-in safe and state-of-the-art security system . Outside there is a dog run , an outdoor pool , outdoor fireplace and a pond , as well as extensive waterfront views . A full bar opens out onto a terrace and the garden on the lower level . A light bright dining room just off the grand hallway . In the show , Luscious Lyon , played by Terence Howard , has been diagnosed with ALS and is trying to determine which of his three sons will succeed him and run his entertainment business . His outspoken ex-wife , Cookie , played by Taraji P. Henson , is fresh out of prison after 17 years for drug dealing and is also demanding her share of the business . The bedrooms are simply and elegantly decorated in a tasteful color palette . In the show , Lucious ' daughter Lola has a bedroom fit for a princess . The formal walnut-paneled study is deeply masculine and worthy of an industry mogul . Lucious ' study on the show is darker and more dramatic .