You do n't need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life - Newcastle on a Friday will do perfectly well . But if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding . So here are a few suggestions . They 're all easy to reach , require no deep knowledge , and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be . Miracle mammals : You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain . Dolphins . Where : New Quay , Cardigan Bay , Wales . Time to visit : All year . This is the dolphin capital of Britain . You can sometimes see them in the harbour while you eat an ice cream . But book a boat trip out into the bay and you 'll seldom be disappointed . The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level . No one can see one and remain unchanged . Mother and young travel together , large groups are frequent , and on occasions they swim in their hundreds . Synchronised swimming on a different level . Details : 01545 560800 , www.newquayboattrips.co.uk . Birds of a feather : You can catch sight of ospreys at Rutland Water , especially during the summer . Ospreys . Where : Rutland Water , near Oakham , Rutland . Time to visit : April to September . This is a vast reservoir , but it 's also been made wild . It 's full of fish and 18 years ago ospreys were reintroduced , the first English ospreys for 150 years . These great raptors fly over the water and plunge in , talons first , from a great height , usually carrying off an unfeasibly large fish . They have reclaimed their place in Britain with a flourish . Details : 01572 737378 , www.ospreys.org.uk . Sealsof approval : These magnificent marine creatures are visible on the northerly island of Stroma . Seals . Where : John O'Groats , Scotland . Time to visit : June 20-August 31 . Britain does n't stop at John O'Groats . A boat trip north will take you to the island of Stroma , now uninhabited . You can cruise all around it and return in not much more than an hour -- and you will have a breathtaking experience of seals in astonishing abundance . I counted getting on for 1,000 on my last visit . They were lying at their ease on the rocky beaches or swimming with a grace that looks impossible for creatures of such bulk . Details : 01955 611353 , www.jogferry.co.uk . Stop off to see us : The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds . Red Squirrels . Where : Formby , Lancashire . Time to visit : All year . National Trust Formby , just outside Liverpool , offers the gentlest of woodland walks . And in the course of it you 'll meet red squirrels , a population that has hung on against all the odds . They are creatures of ridiculous charm with their large fluffy tufts on the ears . Details : 01704 878591 , www.nationaltrust.org.uk/formby . Flying high : The white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to Scotland after it became extinct in the UK . Eagles . Where : Mull , Scotland . Time to vist : All year . This lovely island is the best spot in Britain for eagles . The warmer months are best and the eagle hide opens in April . The white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to Scotland after it became extinct in the UK due to illegal killing and has flourished on Mull . There are eagle boat trips , and a public viewpoint with attendant experts . It 's also the easiest place in Scotland to see golden eagles . Details : www.holidaymull.co.uk . Antlers aloft : October sees the secretive red deer at Minsmere suddenly shed their shyness . Red Deer . Where : Minsmere , Suffolk . Time to visit : October . Minsmere reserve is famous for birds , especially avocets , but in autumn , the shy and secretive red deer come out in the open , mad for sex . The RSPB sets up viewpoints , often with experts on hand . You can see the deer , often in large numbers , and it is hard to believe so many animals of such size can exist in lowland Britain . It feels more like Africa . Details : www.rspb.org.uk . X-factor : The stars of the colony at Bempton Cliffs are the puffins , clown-like birds that attract so much love . Puffins . Where : Bempton , Yorkshire . Time to visit : Spring , early summer . The birds assemble every year on the lofty cliffs around Flamborough Head . You can hear the colony for miles . The undisputed stars are the puffins , the clown-like birds that attract so much love . The bright coloured bills looks daft , but they 're wonderfully effective tools for catching and holding large numbers of sand eels and bringing them back to a cliff-top nest . Details : www.rspb.org.uk . A bright natural canvas : Swallowtail butterflies are vast flying slabs of colour the size of bats . Butterflies . Where : Hickling Broad , Norfolk . Time to visit : Late May to mid-July . These are not like the cabbage whites you see in your garden . Swallowtail butterflies are vast flying slabs of colour the size of bats . In Britain you can only find them in the Norfolk Broads . Make sure you pick a sunny day for your visit . At Hickling Broad , there are boardwalks through the reeds and in season these lovely butterflies are mating . They 're easy to see as they hurry across the top of the reeds . Details : www.norfolkwildlifetrust.org.uk . Beak practice : You can see wild wonders in London , like these Black Necked Swans and their cygnets . Waterbirds . Where : London Wetland Centre , Barnes , London . Time to visit : All year . You can see wild wonders without leaving London . The Wildfowl and Wetland Trust took on a disused reservoir on the banks of the Thames near Hammersmith Bridge and by 2000 had turned it into a kind of wild Tardis , larger inside than it is out . It 's teeming with ducks and waders . The top of the Peacock Tower affords the best view in London . Details : 020 8409 4400 , www.wwt.org.uk .