The 15-year-old son of a Canadian diplomat plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him after an alleged drug deal in Miami turned into a gun battle that left his older brother dead and landed him in custody , where the teenager allegedly threatened to kill a police officer . Curt Obront , the lawyer for Miami Consul general Roxanne Dube 's surviving son , Marc Wabafiyebazu , called it a tragic case . Dube 's ex-husband and the boy 's father , Germano Wabafiyebazu , has said his 17-year-old son , Jean Wabafiyebazu , was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana Monday , and that police arrested Marc . Scroll down for video . Jean Wabafiyebazu -LRB- left -RRB- , 17 , was killed and his brother Marc -LRB- right -RRB- , 15 , has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on Monday . High-ranking official : Their mother is Roxanne Dubé -LRB- above -RRB- , the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami . Germano Wabafiyebazu said his sons borrowed their mother 's personal car , which has diplomatic license plates , to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive . He said he was told that Marc rushed into the house after hearing a gunshot . It was not clear whether Marc Wabafiyebazu would be charged as a juvenile or an adult but he is due in juvenile court on April 8 . Authorities say he would not be protected by diplomatic immunity . Dube and her family , meanwhile , expressed condolences to the family of Joshua Wright , the other deceased victim , and said they just want to be there for the younger son . ` Your grief is our grief , ' she said . ` We can only hope that , in time , we will find common purpose towards diminishing the causes of such violent crimes . For now , we just want to be there for Marc , our incredibly caring son who loved his brother very much , and to say goodbye , ever so tenderly and quietly to Jean , our love . ' The Miami-Dade State Attorney 's Office confirmed that another man , 19-year-old Anthony Rodriguez , was charged with second-degree murder and marijuana possession with intent to sell for his alleged role . Crime scene : In this photo taken on Monday , March 30 , 2015 , Miami-Dade police detectives work at a crime scene in Miami , involving the two teenage sons of Roxanne Dube , Canada 's counsel general in Maimi . Troubled youth : The siblings ' father said 17-year-old Jean -LRB- left and right -RRB- struggled with substance abuse . The Rodriguez arrest report says a second man , identified as 17-year-old Joshua Wright , was shot to death inside the house . Prosecutors also said Rodriguez was wounded in the arm in the shootout . The police report also quotes unidentified witnesses as saying Rodriguez brought two pounds of marijuana to the house and began to negotiate . ` During the negotiations , both deceased victims became involved in an exchange of gunfire , ' the report says . Anthony Rodriguez -LRB- above -RRB- was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . According to the Miami Herald , police believe the Wabafiyebazu siblings were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the Coral Way area . The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5,000 , and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother 's BMW with diplomatic plates . Police claim that their plan was to then rob the drug dealers . Gunfire broke out soon after they entered , and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed , while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded . Both Marc and Rodriguez were arrested under a Florida law that says anyone who participates in a violent felony that results in death can be charged with murder . In addition , Marc Wabafiyebazu faces charges of threatening a police officer while in custody , according to a separate police report . The boy is alleged to have said ` he was going to kill -LRB- a detective -RRB- and that he would shoot him in the head . ' A second man was reportedly with Jean when he went to rob the drug dealers , though his identity is not known at this time . Dubé , a one-time Fulbright scholar , was appointed to her new position in November , but only arrived in Miami in February . She was previously Canada 's ambassador to Zimbabwe from 2005 to 2008 and also served as a staff member for a Canadian Liberal cabinet minister for more than a decade . Bloody aftermath : The boys and a friend had driven to a house , pictured here with blood on the floor , to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 . Gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though Marc was in the car at the time . John Babcock , a spokesman for Canada 's foreign department , said Louise Leger has been named acting Head of Mission on an interim basis . The boys ' father , Germano Wabafiyebazu , said he and Dube were divorced a few years ago and that their son Jean struggled with substance abuse . He previously told Global News that he does not think Marc had anything to do with this tragedy , and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . He also said the boys kept to themselves , and did not have much of a social life . ` My wife told me they did n't go out , ' he said . ` They went to school , went home , went to school . '