Waiting times to be seen in a & e have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years , official figures revealed this morning . In the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day . Over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time -- compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 -- the worst on record since 2004 . Over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time -- compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 . The figures also show that 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a & e , and 983 over 12 hours . It is now 89 weeks since hospital a & e s met their waiting targets . NHS England figures show that 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in the week ending March 29 . This was down on the previous week when 93.2 per cent were seen within the time limit . It comes after the Department of Health last week confirmed the NHS has failed to meet its target every week of the winter , meaning the average for the whole year has not been met . Labour 's Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the Government was the blame for the NHS 's failure . David Cameron has overseen a record hump in waiting times to be seen in a & e , official figures revealed this morning . Labour leader Ed Miliband , arriving at an election campaign event in Bristol this morning , has promised to bin the Government 's NHS reforms . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has promised to give NHS chiefs ` whatever they need ' after the election . Mr Hunt claimed a Conservative government would find whatever money the health service said it needed to cope with the growing pressure on hospitals and GP surgeries . The NHS 's chief executive Simon Stevens has said the health service needs an extra £ 8billion a year by 2020 just to keep standards as they are . Mr Hunt today vowed to find the cash -- but went further by claiming that the Government would find even more cash if they health service needed it . He told BBC Radio 4 's The World At One : ` We will back the NHS 's own plan in full , so we agree with the £ 30 billion gap , and we agree with the NHS when they say that if they can make £ 22 billion of efficiency savings the NHS would need £ 8 billion . ` But they also said in that plan very clearly that they might need less than £ 8 billion if they can make more efficiency savings , or they might need more than £ 8 billion if they ca n't make those efficiency savings . ' He added : ` We will give whatever they need , it might be more than £ 8 billion , it might be less , but the point is you can only have this discussion if you have a strong and growing economy . ' ` Over the course of this parliament , on the back of a strong and growing economy , we have actually increased funding for the NHS by £ 5 billion in real terms every year . ' He said : ` After five years of David Cameron , a & e waits are at their worst level for a decade and patients are finding it harder and harder to see a GP . ` There 's only one person to blame for the a & e crisis and that 's David Cameron . He has made it harder to get a GP appointment , cut council social care budgets and wasted £ 3billion on a reorganisation that nobody wanted and nobody voted for . ' Labour leader Ed Miliband , campaigning in Bristol this morning , said one of the reasons behind the problems in a & e was that the coalition policy has led to 600 fewer GP surgeries staying open at evenings and weekends . He said : ` We 've just seen figures today published for waiting times in England 's a & e departments which show that the first three months of this year was the worst period since the four-hour a & e target was introduced over a decade ago . ` one of the reasons for that is it 's got a lot harder to see a GP . Across England there are some 600 fewer GP surgeries open in the evenings and at weekends than there were at the last general election . One in four people ca n't get a GP appointment within a week . ` The NHS can not go forward if queues to see your GP are stretching backwards and I believe that Britain can do a lot better than people waiting day after day for basic healthcare . That 's what our plan will do . ' But a Conservative spokesperson said NHS a & e s were struggling because more and more patients were turning up at hospital to be treated . He said : ` a & e units across the UK faced unprecedented demand this winter , but English a & e s see 3,000 more patients a day within four hours than in 2009 , and perform better than Scotland , Northern Ireland and Labour-run Wales , so it is completely wrong for Labour to try to turn this into a political football . ` Thanks to a strong and growing economy we are investing £ 2 billion in the frontline next year to transform care in the community and take the pressure off hospitals . ' Labour has been accused of ` hypocrisy ' and using out-of-date figures after claiming the Coalition has made it harder to get a GP appointment . Ed Miliband said there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries staying open at evenings and weekends than before the next election . He said this was a direct contributor to problems in England 's a & e departments , which has seen the NHS breach the target to see 95 per cent of within four hours of arrival for the 26th week in a row . The Labour Party has put the NHS at the centre of its campaign for re-election , releasing a poster today dubbed ` The doctor ca n't see you now ' , as Labour claim almost 600 fewer GP surgeries are offering extended opening hours to patients . But the Tories pointed out that the GP figures dated from 2013/14 -- and did not include improvements in GP access since David Cameron pumped more money into the NHS last year . Jeremy Hunt , the Health Secretary , pointed out that Tony Blair 's botched GP contract of 2004 has allowed GPs to opt out of responsibility for their patients out of hours . And Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said it was a ` bit rich ' of Labour to complain of funding cuts when they wasted so much NHS money in power . A string of medical leaders came out to say Labour 's claims on GP surgeries were simply wrong . Labour 's health spokesman Andy Burnham wants to re-introduce a target to ensure everyone can see their GP within 48 hours of trying to get an appointment . But in an embarrassment for the party , the Labour-run Welsh government said it had no plans to introduce such a target in the principality . It came after the party launched a poster declaring the ` Tories have made it harder to see a GP ' . The poster reworks the Conservatives ' 1979 ` Labour is n't working ' image by depicting a huge queue outside a waiting room with the title : ` The doctor ca n't see you now . ' But Mr Hunt said the claim there are 590 fewer surgeries was ` wrong ' , saying that the figures quoted only go up to 2013/14 . He said the Prime Minister 's Challenge Fund -- announced last year -- covered 1,100 practices and helped 7.5 million patients see GPs in the evenings and at weekends .