A 46-year-old man has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and DUI after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in Pennsylvania . However the driver , Dwayne Harvard , maintains he is not the one who should have been arrested . Harvard claims the man , Steven Sutton , 36 , of Pittsburgh , confronted him in the driveway of his home in Springdale , saying he was furious that Harvard was giving Sutton 's girlfriend , Anna Mazzetti , a ride home . ` He took a cinder block and he was trying to hit the truck , ' Harvard told WTAE . ` I said , `` calm down . You put the block down '' . ' Man on board : Dwayne Harvard , 46 , had an argument with Steven Sutton , 36 , Sunday night and struck Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer , driving for 11 miles through Pennsylvania before finally pulling over . Holding on : Sutton managed to stay on the hood as Harvard drove through Harmar Township , Springdale , Frazier Township , East Deer Township , Tarentum Borough , Fawn Township and into Harrison Township . Incredible : The incident began shortly after 7 p.m. Sunday on McKinley Street in Springdale when the two men began arguing . What happened next spanned 11 miles and seven towns . Charged : Harvard was finally stopped at an exit in Kittanning , and has since been charged with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and DUI . Harvard claims he was ` fearing ' for his life and for Mazzetti , so he took off out of his driveway . As he drove off , he sit Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer , and Sutton clung to the hood . Harvard proceeded to drive through Harmar Township , Springdale Township , Frazier Township , East Deer Township , Tarentum Borough , Fawn Township and into Harrison Township , all the while with Sutton hanging onto the front of his car . ` I did n't want to stop because if he had a gun , he could shoot either through the window and kill me and also kill her , ' he told WTAE . Harvard also told other local TV networks he believed Sutton had a knife . Harvard said he called 911 while driving to report the incident . Argument : The two men started fighting over the fact that Harvard was giving Sutton 's girlfriend , Anna Mazzetti -LRB- pictured -RRB- a ride home , Harvard claims . ` I 'm innocent ' : In an interview with WTAE following his arrest , Harvard said it was not him that should have been arrested , and claimed Sutton had tried to attack him and Mazzetti . ` I called 911 myself and I let him know who I was , ' Harvard told WTAE . ` I said , `` Listen , my name is Dwayne Harvard , '' I said , `` I got this guy on my hood '' . ' Some local police in the communities Harvard was driving through also saw what has happening and followed him . Eventually he was stopped by troopers after pulling off an exit in Kittanning . Police detained and interviewed both me . However they decided to arrest Harvard . Police charged Harvard with simple assault , aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and DUI . He posted bond and was released from jail . Sutton has not been charged .