A Canadian prostitute says that she wishes other people would n't make her feel so ashamed of working in the sex industry - because she actually really enjoys her job . Celine Bisette , who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career , insists she is neither ` damaged ' nor ` deranged ' - that , in fact , she rather enjoys being a prostitute , and it 's only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy . ` I am embarrassed to be a sex worker , even though I like my job , I 'm good at it , and I 've made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years , ' she wrote in a recent essay for xoJane . This pro has pride : Canadian prostitute Celine Bisette , pictured here , wishes other people would n't make her feel embarrassed about her job . First , Celine would like everyone to abandon whatever assumptions they 've made about prostitutes . She claims that she did n't have an abusive childhood , she 's not a ` hyper-sexual nympho ' , and she is n't uneducated . She had ` an incredibly fortunate upbringing ' , she said , adding that she got along well with her parents and older sister : ' -LSB- It was -RSB- just about the best any child could possibly hope for . ' Then , as a 19-year-old college sophomore , she found herself in need of a way to pay for school . A minimum-wage job would n't earn her enough money , and she did n't want to take out student loans . Her best option , she said , was the sex industry . ` I could n't bring myself to do porn , and I knew was n't talented enough to be a stripper , ' she explained . Working as an escort seemed like a natural choice for Celine , as it was easy and it paid well - seeing just one or two clients a week covered her bills . It just did n't occur to her that others might not be so at ease with her decision . In the beginning , she 'd readily tell people at parties what she did for part-time work . She was still out-going then , she said , and never felt self-conscious . But peoples ' reactions quickly changed the way she approached conversations about her job . They would lecture her , insult her , and accuse her of being a ` traitor to feminism ' . One friend told everyone in their social circle that Celine must be mentally unstable to have chosen such a career , and might have even been molested as a child . The rumor took off , and Celine lost a lot of friends in the process . Now , after about a decade in the industry , she is much more reticent about revealing what she does , for fear of eliciting those same negative reactions . But while she has a ` mainstream ' part-time job that she uses as a ` cover ' , she finds it frustrating that she ca n't be more open . ` I wish I could feel proud of who I am and what I do , ' she said . ` I 'm tired of feeling embarrassed and ashamed . ' Sexy and smart : Celine , who wants to keep her real identity a secret , says she 's more than just an escort - she also has her master 's degree in sociology . Even when she does tell people about her work as an escort , Celine makes a point to emphasize that she also has a master 's degree in sociology : ` I hype it up and draw attention to it , as if to say , `` Yes , I 'm a -LSB- prostitute -RSB- , but I 'm also smart and normal , really , I promise ! '' ' Because of the social stigma , she sometimes thinks about quitting altogether - but she hesitates because the work is easy , her schedule is flexible , and she makes twice as much as she would doing a job in her field of study . Plus , she explained , she ca n't erase her history in the sex industry . ` I will always be seen as damaged goods , whether I am a current sex worker or a former one . So I might as well just keep going , right ? ' In fact , despite liking her job , it 's not Canada 's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give Celine pause - being paid for sex is legal , but living off that payment of it is not . Rather , it 's the negative reactions to her job that make her regret ever taking up sex work at all . ` I wish I 'd known what I was getting myself into before I jumped into this line of work , ' she said . ` But most of all , I wish I 'd never become a prostitute in the first place . '