This week the world has been amazed by the story of a German pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65 . Annegret Raunigk , from Berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ` I want to have a little brother or sister . ' Someone who understands Annegret 's position well is Britain 's older mother , Sue Tollefsen , from Essex . Scroll down for video . Sue Tollefsen on today 's This Morning where she revealed what it 's like being a mother to seven-year-old when she is now aged 64 . She gave birth to her only child , Freya , in 2008 when she was aged 57 . Now seven , Freya has often asked her mother if she could have a brother or sister and as a result , Sue revealed that she did consider it . ` Freya went through a period of wanting a sibling and I looked into fertility treatment to have another child but because I 've had health issues I decided not to push my luck , ' she said on today 's This Morning . The retired special needs teacher said ` in a way ' she thinks Annegret is ` selfish ' for having more babies at her age - despite leaving motherhood till late in life herself . She said : ` She has 13 children already , in my case I had n't had any . But if she has thought about it and weighed up the positive and negative and said `` this is the right thing for me '' then that 's her decision . I do n't sit in judgement of anyone else . ' Now aged 64 , Sue told presenters Phillip Schofield and Amanda Holden that she never intended to leave parenthood so late . Sue , left , became pregnant thanks to IVF when she was 57 . Annegret Raunigk , right , is expecting at 65 . But after her father passed away , she became a carer for her poorly mother until her death in 2002 , while juggling her challenging job . ` I had other things in my life , looking after my mum and having a responsible job , I did n't think I could handle being mum then , ' she explained . ` I always hoped when I was younger I would have a child but thought I had missed boat . ' Then Sue met Nick , a warehouse manager , when she was 51 and he was 11 years her junior . She warned him she was menopausal and they would be unlikely to start a family together . But after researching fertility treatments , they were able to conceive on their third IVF attempt after getting a donor egg fertilised with Nick 's sperm and implanted in Sue 's womb . Sue was delighted when daughter Freya was born although she admits she now wishes she could have had her sooner . She said : ` I do n't regret having her but I do regret not having her when I was younger . ` The journey I have taken with her over the last seven years has been fantastic but what saddens me sometimes is when I look at her and look at myself I wonder how much time I have left with her . ` I 'm hoping I can make 80 when she 'll be 22 . ' Sue pictured with daughter Freya in 2012 . She now wishes she could have had her when she was younger . Sue is now a single parent after splitting up with Nick amicably in 2010 . She said the pressures of being new parents took its toll on their relationship . ` We grew apart because when you have a child your focus is on the child 24/7 . The partner may feel pushed out or carries on living their own life as before , while you do n't . My life took totally different turn . ' As a result of her experience , Sue believes the cut-off for IVF treatment should be age 60 . Following Sue 's appearance on the show , This Morning asked viewers to phone in with their views on older parents . Brenda called into urge older parents to reassure their children about their health . She said her mother had her when she was in her fifties - and so was the same age as her friends ' grandparents . She said throughout her childhood she felt terrified that her mother was going to die . Meanwhile Rachel , who has had six children between the ages of 18 and 40 , said she 's noticed a difference in her energy levels since having her youngest child at an older age . ` It 's hard work , I do n't know how women in their Fifties cope , ' she said . But another caller , Andrea , who had her fourth baby at the age of 41 , said she 's fitter and healthier now than when she had her first baby in her 20s .