Video footage has emerged which appears to show Manchester City supporters singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford . The clip , uploaded to YouTube , looks to have been taken after Sunday 's Manchester derby which United won 4-2 . It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart . Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Disaster outside Old Trafford . Apparently taken by a City fan , it then appears to capture City supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including Manchester United players . A Greater Manchester Police spokesman said that they would examine video evidence with both clubs to determine whether further action was necessary . He added : ` GMP would like to again stress that the overwhelming majority of fans in attendance behaved impeccably but any reports of offensive chanting , gestures or remarks will be investigated by officers to establish whether any criminal offences have taken place . ' Inside the ground , as revealed by Sportsmail , a handful of fans of Manuel Pellegrini 's side were thrown out by stewards after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash . A host of United greats , including Duncan Edwards , Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne , died following the disaster which saw their plane crash during a third attempt at a take-off in wintry conditions . Wayne Rooney fires the ball into the roof of the net following Ashley Young 's equaliser . Vincent Kompany was fortunate not to be sent off for a reckless challenge on Daley Blind during the game . United players celebrate Chris Smalling 's goal in the 4-2 win that gives them local bragging rights . The plane had just made a refuelling stop on its way back from the former Yugoslavia , where United had played Red Star Belgrade in the European Cup . Among the dead was former City goalkeeper Frank Swift , who was working as a journalist . Police made eight arrests at the derby and praised the behaviour of the overwhelming majority of the 76,000 sell-out crowd . City have worked long and hard to cut out such chants and references . Club representatives laid a wreath at the memorial to the disaster in Munich prior to their match against Bayern in 2011 and urged fans to honour the minute 's silence held at Old Trafford on the 50th anniversary in 2008 when they were the visitors . The Munich Air Disaster claimed 23 lives when Flight 609 crashed during take off in wintry conditions . Among those killed was former City goalkeeper Frank Swift -LRB- centre -RRB- who was on board as a journalist . United 's Duncan Edwards shakes hands as he prepares to play for England against Scotland at Wembley . Tommy Taylor -LRB- in mid-air -RRB- was among the victims and is pictured here scoring for United with a header . They regard the tragedy as one that touched their own club , given Swift 's passing , and are disappointed with the allegations . A City spokesman said : ` We are currently liaising with Greater Manchester Police with regards to the behaviour of a small number of Manchester City fans at yesterday 's game . We operate zero tolerance policies with regards to incidents of this kind and the club will work will work with GMP to assist with their queries and deal appropriately with anyone found to have committed an offence of this nature . ' Greater Manchester Police could not be reached for comment . Manchester City representatives Tony Book -LRB- left -RRB- and Bernard Hatford lay a wreath at the memorial stone at the Manchesterplatz on September 27 , 2011 . A brick with Edwards name on it outside Old Trafford following the Munich air disaster on February 6 1958 . The Munich clock stopped at 3.04 pm is pictured at Old Trafford in February 6 , 2008 during a memorial service .