A mother whose teenage daughter was tortured to death by her sadistic lover has spoken for the first time of her heartbreak . Margaret Bates , from Mottram , Tameside , said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith . Too traumatised to speak about her only daughter 's death until now , Mrs Bates , 60 , said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed Smith when she first met him . Margaret and Tommy Bates are speaking about their daughter Kelly-Anne 's brutal murder for the first time . Kelly-Anne Bates enjoys time with her friends . Mrs Bates , who has two sons , Andrew , 39 , and Paul , 33 , said : ` I know I should n't say this , but I wish I 'd killed him the first time I saw him . That way Kelly would still be alive . ' Over three barbaric weeks , Smith burnt Kelly-Anne with an iron , scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes . Smith also tied her to a radiator by her hair , broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives , forks and scissors , causing 150 separate injuries before beating her with a shower head and drowning her in the bath . Throughout the horrific onslaught , the terrified teenager was alive , begging for mercy . Smith , who was then 49 , got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes . Next year marks the 20th anniversary of Kelly-Anne 's death , but Mrs Bates said even with the passage of time , she and her husband Tommy , 66 , are unable to read the post-mortem report which details the injuries their daughter endured . Flashback : Kelly-Anne and her mother Margaret on holiday in Barry Island , Wales . ` Every now and again , I phone the coroner to ask for the post-mortem report but each time I back out . I ca n't face it - I never will , ' she said . Mrs Bates said as a little girl , Kelly-Anne was a tomboy who loved playing football with her friends . She also adored children , and often babysat for neighbours . She said : ` Kelly loved children and wanted to be a teacher . She was soft-hearted and very maternal . ' Sadistic killer James Smith . At 14 , while babysitting for a friend , Kelly-Anne met James Smith . He began a grooming process which was so secretive that her parents knew nothing about him for two years . When Kelly-Anne was 15 , she stayed out over night and her panicked parents called the police . When she finally came home , the following morning , she claimed to have stayed over with a schoolfriend called Rachel . Mrs Bates said : ` I knew she was lying . It was n't like her , but I 'd no idea what was going on . ` Kelly was a good girl . As well as babysitting , she had a job on a market stall at weekends . She played hockey and she was clever at school . She was hard-working and sensible and I could never have dreamed she was being groomed by a monster . ' She said Kelly-Anne once arrived home with a black eye and told her parents she had been attacked by a gang of girls in the street . Soon afterwards , Kelly-Anne announced she had a new boyfriend , James Smith , who she said was 32 years old . ` The first time I met him , he swaggered down the stairs and it made the hairs stand up on the back of my neck , ' said Mrs Bates . ` He was much older than I expected and this was n't the man I wanted for my daughter . I vividly recall seeing our bread knife in the kitchen and wanting to pick it up and stab him in the back . ` It was a bizarre thought - I would never normally think of anything so violent and now I wonder whether it was some sort of sixth sense . ` I 've thought about that many times . ' Kelly-Anne and her brothers Andrew and Paul have some fun on the beach . Margaret Bates said Kelly-Anne was very maternal and here the teenager feeds a baby . Margaret Bates and her only daughter Kelly-Anne as a baby . Mrs Bates called police and social services but because Kelly-Anne was 16 they could not help . She said : ` I did n't know what do to . She was very strong-minded and she would n't listen to me . And I was worried that , if I fell out with her , it would just push them closer together . ` One night she came home and her face was black and blue . Another time , her hand was bruised . I suspected Smith was hitting her , but Kelly-Anne denied it . ` I rang the police but they said there was nothing they could do without a statement from Kelly . ' In November 1995 , 17-year-old Kelly-Anne moved in with Smith who lived in Gorton , Manchester . Kelly-Anne gets to grips with crutches after injuring herself as a teenager . She spoke to her parents most weeks on the phone , when Smith was present , but never saw them again . Mrs Bates said : ` In addition to worrying about Kelly-Anne , our youngest son , Paul , was in hospital for weeks and I had a hernia operation too , so our lives were thrown into chaos . ` We even went round to Smith 's address to try to persuade her to come home , but he was there all the time . The young Kelly-Anne smiles for the camera . ` On one visit he showed me a hole in his floor boards where he said he 'd had a gas leak . ` Just a few weeks later , he kept Kelly prisoner in the hole while he tortured her . ' Mrs Bates said she then discovered that Smith was 48 years old - 21 years older than Kelly-Anne . She said she pleaded with Kelly-Anne to leave him , but by now , Smith controlled all their contact . In the weeks before her death , Kelly-Anne endured unimaginable torture while her family - terrified of pushing her even further into Smith 's clutches - waited by the phone . ` In April , I got a Mother 's Day card from Kelly in Smith 's handwriting and I 'd had enough , ' she said . ` But I was torn ; I did n't want to keep going round there because I thought it was making things worse . ` It haunts me to think if we had gone round there she would be alive today . ' Mrs Bates said she contacted the police domestic violence unit and was encouraged to give her daughter its leaflets . Tragically , Mrs Bates was never to see Kelly-Anne again and said she still has the leaflets to this day . On April 16 , 1996 , Mrs Bates said police arrived to tell them that Kelly-Anne was dead . Kelly-Anne had been starved and had lost more than three stone in weight . Loving tribute : A floral tribute bearing Kelly-Anne 's name at her funeral , which took place the day before her 18th birthday . Her body was so badly mutilated that police and pathologists said it was the worst case of abuse they had ever seen . The jury at Smith 's trial was offered counselling due to the horrific details of the case . Kelly-Anne was buried the day before her 18th birthday . Smith was jailed for life in November 1997 and during the trial it emerged that he had a horrific history of violence towards women . Mr and Mrs Bates have now set up a local branch of the national support group Support After Murder or Manslaughter -LRB- SAMM -RRB- for other parents and have found some comfort in helping other families . ` I wish I had killed Smith myself , ' added Mrs Bates . ` I want him to die just like Kelly did . Not a day goes by when I do n't think that . ` But he had her in his clutches and I could n't save her . ' Flowers , cards and messages are piled up on Kelly-Anne 's grave .