That 's not a light lunch , it 's just bad lighting , say administrators at a Virginia School standing up for their FLOTUS approved school meals . A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules . Scroll down for video . Look appetizing ? : A corned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . Reasoning : Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules . After the photo began circulating the web , Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks , reports EAG News . ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said in a statement released to the media . ` The meal in this photo and other meals served by Portsmouth Public Schools meet nutritional and USDA requirements , ' said Gelhoff . According to the school district 's lunch menu from their website , Tuesday 's lunch options included spicy Cajun fish with brown rice , a cold cut turkey sandwich , a chef 's salad , fresh orange or canned fruit , and 1 per cent skim milk . Wavy took a poll asking people if the though the lunch seemed acceptable and 92.3 per cent of people who voted did n't believe that the lunch looked palatable . ` No child should go to school hungry -- it 's that simple , ' committee chair Rep. John Kline said at a House Education and Workforce Committee this week . ` Today 's discussion is not about whether we agree on this basic principle ; I am confident we all do . Instead , our discussion today is about beginning a larger effort we will continue in the coming months to ensure the best policies are in place to help reach this goal , ' he continued . Another paltry lunch : This lunch posted in October shows another American student 's dissatisfaction with the school meal . Squeamish : This school lunch allegedly shows a maggot found in a child 's green beans . The School Nutrition association does n't think Michelle Obama 's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed for the National School Lunch Program . ` That will help school food authorities afford the foods that we must serve , but unfortunately that wo n't make students consume it , ' SNA President Julia Bauscher said during testimony . ` And that 's what we 're also focused on ... finding ways to ensure students will eat the healthy foods that we 're making available to them and not throw it in the trash . ' Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the ` shortcomings ' of her Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act scheme . Students and parents posted photos of Michelle Obama 's ` measly ' school lunches in February and in October of last year . The images , which were all posted on Twitter with the hashtag #ThanksMichelleObama , range from a slice of moldy salami in a wrap and a green hotdog to a small portion of salad with a side of cheese , to a maggot found in a child 's green beans . Filling ? : Another student posted this dissatisfying lunch to their Twitter last year .