Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates as England 's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill . Events at Lord 's , where the decision was made to cull England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton , seemed rather more relevant to the future of English cricket than the mix-and-match day at Warner Park , where four members of the touring party were parachuted in to bolster the local team . Jonathan Trott -LRB- nought -RRB- and Gary Ballance -LRB- 17 -RRB- largely failed to do so , but Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine . England paceman Stuart Broad -LRB- left -RRB- bowls at Jonny Bairstow on Wednesday . It seemed entirely in keeping with the unsatisfactory nature of England 's Test preparation week that Bairstow , the only member of the seconded quarter not likely to feature in the series , had the most productive day . At least Broad averted serious injury when he collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over . Broad initially looked in trouble when his boot slid through the crease and he tumbled to the ground , and coach Peter Moores was concerned enough to stride out to the middle to assess the damage . But he spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack . Broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall . Broad was concerned enough about the run-ups to summon the groundstaff the ball before coming to grief . He initially suggested bowling round the wicket in search of firmer footing but decided to go back to his original angle of attack after sawdust was applied . When he went down the game was just 10 balls old - the same number of deliveries that were possible in the infamous abandoned Test in Antigua six years ago . By that stage , the first of England 's honorary Kittitians had already come and gone . England captain Alastair Cook -LRB- right -RRB- watches on as ground staff make running repairs to the crease . Trott opened the batting but lasted just three balls , guiding James Anderson straight to James Tredwell at third slip . That was hardly the added steel England were looking for . The same was largely true of Ballance , who seems short of his best after a troubled World Cup , and managed only 17 before an ill-judged cut against Tredwell ended up in Jos Buttler 's gloves . Ben Stokes had earlier ripped out Shane Jeffers ' middle stump and Tredwell had Sherwin Peters lbw offering no stroke . Bairstow , whose likely Test role is as Buttler 's back-up , reached lunch on 33 not out in a score of 55 for four . Bairstow fell just short of a century against England on Wednesday . He continued to score briskly in the afternoon and was just two short of a ton when Stokes found his outside edge to have him caught behind . The game lacked all semblance of competitive edge , even as Root compiled a trouble-free half-century of his own , but there were some possible pointers ahead the first Test in Antigua . James Tredwell clearly outbowled Adil Rashid in the race for the spinner 's role and Chris Jordan failed to take a wicket despite seeing plenty of the ball . He came into this game in pole position but could fall behind Liam Plunkett or Mark Wood , who will open the bowling for St Kitts & Nevis on Thursday morning . Jonathan Trott opened the batting St Kitts & Nevis but lasted just three balls . Bairstow gave little away about dressing room reaction to Downton 's departure , partly because he was ready to go out and bat as the news was delivered in the lunch interval . ` We just found out at lunch , . No-one said anything , it was straight back out and get on with our job out here in St Kitts , ' he said . ` I do n't know what the role entails or anything like that , it 's a decision that 's taken above us ... I do n't know what the job description is . ` It 's our job out here to get on with the task at hand and win a series for England . '