It is the image which the Tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of Nicola Sturgeon forcing Ed Miliband to implement her radical policies . Launching a new poster campaign showing Ms Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader , Conservative chairman Grant Shapps said : ` The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he 's carried there by the SNP . ` Nicola Sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts . It would be a disaster . ' Scroll down for video . New poster : It is the image which the Tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of Nicola Sturgeon forcing Ed Miliband to implement her radical policies . The campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon uses an article in today 's Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim that she can help ` lead the UK ' . The SNP leader reveals that her party 's manifesto , to be published tomorrow , will include pledges in policy areas which do n't even directly affect Scotland . It will be the first time that the SNP has ever set out policies designed for other parts of the UK -- even though people in England , Wales and Northern Ireland can not vote for them . Her comments are certain to rile many in England , who will be aghast at the prospect of a party for which they can not vote trying to run their country . Ms Sturgeon also gives an ` absolute guarantee ' that she will not use success in this year 's General Election as a reason to push for another poll on breaking up Britain . ` We will be pursuing policies which can change things for the better for people right across the UK , such as in health , where we will oppose any attempts to further privatise England 's NHS , ensuring more public funding for healthcare north and south of the border , ' she writes . Campaign trail : The leader of the Scottish National Party is applauded by former leader and local candidate Alex Salmond during campaigning in Inverurie , Aberdeenshire yesterday . ` I can also give an absolute guarantee that this Election is not about independence or about delivering another referendum , no matter how many SNP MPs may be returned to Westminster in May . ' But Alistair Darling , who led the campaign to save the Union last year , today warns voters not to believe her claims . In his first major contribution to this year 's Election campaign , the former Labour Chancellor says an influx of SNP MPs at Westminster would turn Scotland into ` Neverendum land ' . Also writing exclusively in today 's Scottish Mail on Sunday , he says : ` Nicola Sturgeon will decide when to hold another referendum and it will be when she thinks she will win it ... -LSB- The SNP -RSB- need to spell out what exactly they intend . The vote was clear . What 's more , most Scots do not want to live in Neverendum land . ` We are now told that the General Election is not about independence . Really ? ` That 's what the SNP said in 2011 in the Scottish elections . It was all about health and education , they said . Not after the result it was n't . ' Revelation : It was also claimed this weekend that Ms Sturgeon has privately vowed to keep voting down an Ed Miliband Budget until he agrees to her party 's policy demands . It was also claimed this weekend that Ms Sturgeon has privately vowed to keep voting down an Ed Miliband Budget until he agrees to her party 's policy demands . With polling experts saying that Labour has only a 1 per cent chance of forming a majority Government in its own right , the SNP 's support is likely to be vital in passing any Budget drawn up by a Miliband administration . Until now , it had been assumed Ms Sturgeon 's party could not vote against a Budget without triggering a vote of no confidence and another General Election . But SNP sources told the BBC 's Newsnight that since the 2011 Fixed-term Parliaments Act , this is no longer the case .