We are all guilty of taking the odd cheesy tourist photo , be it trying to push the Leaning Tower of Pisa , or ` touch ' the top of a pyramid . One traveller in particular knows how wrong a holiday snap can go , after he posted a picture online of him ` missing ' the top of the Eiffel Tower and asked users to help improve his photo . On a recent trip to Paris , Belgian food blogger Yves Van De Ven enjoyed poking fun at those tourist clichés and took a couple of pictures deliberately missing some of the more famous monuments . Little did he know he would become an internet sensation , after his photo with the Eiffel Tower captioned ` nailed it ' was uploaded to photosharing website 4chan . Since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the tip of the famous attraction , and it did n't stop there ... Nailed it ! Yves Van De Ven , 37 , uploaded this photograph on social media in a bid to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures . Going viral ! An upload on photo-sharing site 4chan requested users connect his finger with the top of the tower , as many tourist pictures aim to achieve . The 37-year-old said he thought it would be hilarious to deliberately make fun of the typical pictures with famous landmarks . ` The original pictures in which me and my friends ` nailed it ' were an instant hit with my friends as soon as I posted them on Facebook , ' Van De Ven said . ` There were people that thought we just took poor pictures but luckily most of my friends know better . ' Obviously the internet had something to say about the pictures and after someone uploaded the pictures to 4chan , users from all over the globe submitted their own ` improved ' versions of Van De Ven 's pictures . Created images ranged from the comical , with the 301m tower bent over to touch his outstretched finger , to the absurd , with Van De Ven imposed into Michaelango 's Creation of Adam , reaching out towards the Eiffel Tower . The wondrous offerings demonstrate what a brilliant place the internet is , and how no one 's holiday pictures are safe . Bendy tower ! The tower appears to have flopped over in the summer heat , making a connection with the food blogger 's finger . Cut out ! Despite covering the 37-year-old , his finger is clearly in contact in this picture ! Expert photoshopping creates a miniature tower touching his finger , never mind about the gaping white hole left behind ! Close enough ! Tilting the tower 45 degrees , and extending his arm in an octopus fashion were methods used to ` improve ' the picture . Super hero ! In a Hulk-like fashion , not only has Van De Ven knocked over the Eiffel Tower , but also has it grasped in two fingers . Van De Ven is shocked but highly entertained at the widespread response to his holiday pictures . ` I can honestly say that we have had as much fun taking these silly pictures as we have had the week after overviewing the hilarious aftermath . ` Some of the photoshopped pictures are just brilliant . ' Eiffel Tower touches Van De Ven ! This photo plays on role reversal with the tower spectacularly missing touching him . Basically there ! A longer arm is all it takes to recreate the popular tourist pose . If in doubt , enlarge the poser -LRB- left -RRB- , or do as most people do and stand closer to the camera ! Or why not create more failed fingers -LRB- right -RRB- to add to the picture ? Why not just duplicate the offending failed finger all over the Eiffel Tower ? -LRB- Still without it making contact ! -RRB- . See double ! That works ! Not only does he touch the top , he does it twice in this picture . A portal has allowed the tip of the tower to protrude near the blogger 's feet so he can touch the tip . Why not ignore the failed hand all together , and just reposition it on top ? Job done ! -LRB- left -RRB- Or why not reverse the original photograph ? -LRB- right -RRB- . So elegant ! The original pose has been imposed on a ballerina dancing on a studio . Another wondrous offering from the internet shows him expertly defending a basketball hoop . The internet wins again ! Van De Ven -LRB- as God -RRB- reaching out for the Eiffel Tower -LRB- as man -RRB- in Michelangelo 's famous painting , The Creation of Adam . Bullrilliant ! Van De Ven becomes a matador unperturbed by a bull with horns consisting of the Eiffel Tower .