This picture shows the dramatic moment a ` hero ' police officer smashed a car window to save a baby trapped in the vehicle on one of the hottest days of the year . The boy 's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her Range Rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C yesterday . She grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help . The incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8 C at St James 's Park in London - making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today when temperatures soared in the capital to nearly 24C . Scroll down for video . Saved : This photo was taken moments after a police officer rescued a baby from a Range Rover after his mother -LRB- pictured left with her baby -RRB- had tried frantically to open the door when her keys were locked inside . ` Hero ' : Kingston Police published a photo of the incident on their Twitter account , along with a caption hailing PC Resteghini as a ` hero ' Officers were called to the parked car in Surbiton , south-west London , at lunchtime yesterday and the baby was rescued after officer PC Resteghini smashed the car 's window with his baton . Kingston Police tweeted the picture along with the caption : ` PC Resteghini has just rescued an infant trapped inside a hot vehicle , smashing a window to gain access #hero ' . Police confirmed the baby was unhurt . The baby 's father told MailOnline there had been a fault with the Range Rover 's automatic locking system and that the matter was being investigated . His wife had left the keys in her bag inside the vehicle , which the man , who did not wish to be named , said was designed not to lock if the keys are inside . He said : ` My wife had put our son into the car seat in the back and closed the door . When she did that it locked automatically and would n't open when she walked round to the driver 's side . ` She was extremely panicked so called the police . They were fantastic and turned up in about five minutes . They tried for a while to get into the car , in the same way my wife had , but eventually had to smash the window . ' Speaking to Radio Jackie News , PC Resteghini said : ` We used one of the batons to gain entry to the car ... the baby was safe and well and the mother was OK . ' Scorchio : Sunbathers packed out beaches up and down the country today , including Bournemouth -LRB- pictured -RRB- , as the mercury rose to 23C . Busy : Brighton beach was packed with couples and families who were desperate to make the most of the sun on the hottest day of the year . Hot : Beaches , including Brighton beach -LRB- pictured -RRB- and parks were packed today with sunseekers making the most of the unseasonably high temperatures . The mid-20s temperatures made Britain hotter than Athens , Rome and Madrid but forecasters warned a cold front will move in . Relax : Temperatures reached 23C in the capital and south east yesterday , making it the hottest day of the year , before the record was beaten by today 's temperatures of 23.6 C and rising . Pictured : One sunbather enjoys the sunshine but keeps her head cool as the mercury spars . Taking it easy : People in Britain have been enjoying the hot weather so far this week including at Tower Bridge in London today -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The south-east of England has enjoyed unseasonably warm temperatures over the last few days , with a high of 22.8 C at St James 's Park in London yesterday . Temperatures also peaked at 22.6 C in Shoeburyness , Essex , and 22.4 C at Manston , Kent . It meant yesterday was the hottest day of the year until temperatures surpassed those recorded . Forecasters said today was not only the hottest of the year but also expected it to be the warmest day for the rest of the month , as temperatures are predicted to return to average or just above average later this week . A cold front moving down from the north of the country will bring cooler weather , which will see temperatures drop to between 15C and 17C . However , despite the drop in temperatures , it will still be warmer than usual for April and forecasters said sunny spells will be felt across much of the country until at least next week . Six-year-old Isabella-Love Mee enjoys the water fountains at Granary Square in London as Britain basks in the warmest day of the year so far . Two youngsters made the most of the warm weather this morning in Paignton , Devon , as the mercury gradually increased from a sunny start . Workers made the most of their lunch breaks by relaxing in the sunshine near Tower Bridge as temperatures exceeded 23C in the capital . Warning : A police inspector last week tweeted a picture showing what officers would do if dogs were left in hot cars during the warm weather .