Jet-setter : Elvis Presley bought both planes in 1975 . They 've been one of the biggest highlights of Graceland for 30 years . But Elvis Presley 's planes are to be taken from the grounds of his former mansion after local officials signed off the controversial deal . Memphis City Council agreed yesterday that Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie -- named after the King of Rock ` n ' Roll 's daughter -- can be moved from his estate to a site nearby . It means tourists to Graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets , which are to form a new , separate museum about the dead singer . Graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of Presley 's home-turned-museum and the interiors of the two planes . They have been at the estate since the mid-1980s after Graceland 's managing company , Elvis Presley Enterprises -LRB- EPE -RRB- , agreed that the planes ' owner , OKC Partnership , could have a cut of Graceland ticket sales . OKC spokesman Tim McCaskill told Memphis City Council this week that the goal was for construction work at the planes ' new home to be finished in time for them to be moved there for Elvis Week in August . The site is on the same street as Graceland . Big hit : The Lisa Marie , pictured in the grounds of Graceland , was given a major overhaul by Elvis . Hound Dog II : The smaller jet was used by the star during Lisa Marie 's refit and was also his back-up plane . OKC has been in a lengthy dispute with EPE , which was bought by New York-based Authentic Brands Group in 2013 . Last April , EPE sent a letter to OKC , saying it was exercising its option to end their agreement and asking OKC ` to make arrangements for the removal of the airplanes and the restoration of the site on or shortly after April 26 , 2015 ' . At one stage , Elvis 's former wife Priscilla stepped into the heated row - telling fans who were outraged at the prospect of the planes being moved to ` calm down ' . Elvis 's bedroom : The Lisa Marie had a custom-made , queen-sized bed for the star , who liked to fly at night . Perfectly preserved : A table and chairs in the plane . The seats are now covered in plastic to protect them . Lounge in the sky : There are four TVs in total plus a videotape system in the Lisa Marie . Hot on design : Presley , who oversaw the plane 's refurbishment , insisted on gold bathroom taps . Then last September , OKC put them up for sale , saying if they could n't stay at Elvis 's former home , they would have to be sold . OKC owner KG Coker , 77 , said at the time : ` I would love to see the airplanes stay where they are forever . ` Millions of fans have toured those airplanes and there 's a real connection between fans and those airplanes . They are part of the Elvis experience . ' The jets were expected to fetch $ 15million in an auction in January . But they were withdrawn from sale , and OKC made arrangements to have them displayed on land adjacent to Graceland . Hound Dog II was bought by Elvis for $ 900,000 in September 1975 -- less than two years before his death . In November 1975 he paid $ 250,000 for the larger but secondhand plane Lisa Marie , and spent at least $ 300,000 having it renovated . He would use Hound Dog II - a Lockheed Jetstar - to fly to Lisa Marie 's hangar to see how the refit was going . When it was finished , Hound Dog II became his back-up jet . Both planes were sold after the singer 's death in August 1977 and bought a few years later by OKC . The Lisa Marie was installed at Graceland in 1984 and the Hound Dog II soon afterwards . Small but comfortable : The eye-catching lime-green and yellow seats in Elvis 's Hound Dog II jet . Current home : The jets have been at Graceland since the 1980s , where they have their own entrance -LRB- right -RRB- . Heated debate : Elvis 's ex-wife Priscilla Presley joined in the row over whether the planes should stay at Graceland with this tweet to his fans last year . She turned the home into a tourist destination after he died . The Lisa Marie was bought by Elvis from Delta Air Lines in November 1975 for $ 250,000 . It was originally built in 1960 , and the singer spent at least $ 300,000 having the interior overhauled to suit his tastes . He gave it a penthouse-style bedroom with a queen-size bed and in-flight library , an executive conference room finished in teak - and a bathroom with gold sink and taps . The plane also had a bar , four TVs with a videotape system and a state-of-the-art stereo system with 52 speakers . Elvis had the plane painted red , white and blue with his motto TCB - for ` Takin ' Care of Business ' - on the tail . It was decked out by a team that had previously designed the US president 's plane , Air Force One . During the refurbishment , the Lisa Marie was in a hangar in Fort Worth . Elvis took great pleasure in flying friends there in his smaller Hound Dog II jet to check on the progress of the refit , which he personally oversaw . The Lisa Marie - a four-engine 28-passenger Convair - could fly Presley up to 3,000 miles -LRB- 4,800 km -RRB- . On each flight there would typically be three crew members . It could hold a maximum of 29 people but usually there would be around eight . The custom-made bed was particularly important to Elvis as he preferred to travel by night . The last journey the plane made for the family was in August 1977 when it transported Elvis 's ex-wife Priscilla and his good friend George Hamilton from California to his funeral at Graceland . Priscilla Presley and her then husband Elvis board a private jet in the 1960s . The couple separated in 1972 .