This is the dramatic moment two Typhoons came into land above an astonished father and son . The video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex shows the £ 126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray , Scotland . The first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370 mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines , while as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways . Scroll down for video . Incoming : The video shows two of the £ 126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray , Scotland . Overhead : As the second jet disappeared from view in the clip , the video camera was knocked sideways . The video was taken on the same day that Typhoons were deployed by the Royal Air Force as two Russian long-range Bear bombers , capable of carrying nuclear missiles , hugged British airspace . Mr Bird , who runs an aerial photography business in Inverurie , Aberdeenshire , captured the video on Tuesday with a Go Pro 4 while on holiday with his family . The 41-year-old said that he was ` as close to the action as you could get ' , having gone to the area after hearing on the news that Nato exercises were taking place in the area . He said : ` I went to see what I could capture . I was n't really sure what I would get but it was fantastic watching the video back . ` They came in very low and were preparing to land , but they were still under quite a lot of throttle . To see that much thrust is quite astonishing . My stepson is still making jet noises . ' He added : ` It 's the first time I 've seen a Typhoon in flight and the noise was just incredible . Caught on camera : Mr Bird took the video on Tuesday with a Go Pro 4 while on holiday with his family . ` You can hear it approach from far away , but when it 's above you have to fight every instinct not to duck or put your hands over your ears . ` Shortly after taking this video we were actually told we should probably move a bit away since the planes were coming in to land . ' As well as the bombers on Tuesday , a Russian warship strayed close to UK territory in another apparent attempt to test Britain 's defences . A destroyer with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel with two other Russian ships . It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . Just a few hours later the Bear bombers hugged UK airspace . Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ` snoop ' on the Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland . Even though Russian military inspectors were invited to attend the show of strength , the timing raised suspicions that Vladimir Putin was using access to the site to test UK reaction times . It later emerged that the Russians had actually been at the Typhoons ' base at RAF Lossiemouth when the warplanes were scrambled .