A pre-med student in New York City is taking microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line . Lizzie Cochran , a student at Columbia University , has launched a KickStarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs , which she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes , and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history . ` The one that jumped out at me was the flu of 1918 virus , ' Lizzie told Today . ` It was one of the most devastating epidemics in the history of the world , but there on the page , colored with dyes , it just looked incredible , interesting and vibrant . ' Scroll down for video . From the microscope to the mat : Proposed clothing line Epidemia will take images from biology and print them on eye-catching active apparel . Picture of health : Among the designs is a sports bra showing images from a healthy mammogram . Lizzie , who will be returning to her native Texas for medical school in the fall at University of Texas San Antonio , was soon mocking up ideas for clothing incorporating the beautiful and unique imagery she 'd seen on slides during her classes . Using mirroring , Photoshop and kaleidoscope effects , each biological subject was turned into an eye-catching pattern that could be printed on fabric . The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns , a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio , muscle cells and rabies . The patterns will also be available for printing on iPhone cases after the company , which has already raised $ 13,798 , reaches its $ 15,000 crowdfunding goal . In her design work , Lizzie also began to see the potential for changing perceptions of infectious diseases , as well as the relatively apathy towards them that results in the preventable deaths of 1.5 million children per year simply because they have n't been vaccinated . The brains of the outfit : Pre-med student Lizzie Cochran came up with the idea for the fashion line after studying biology under a microscope . Giving ` cell phone ' a whole new meaning : Epidemia will offer phone cases with eye catching patterns from microscopic images including that of heart tissue , chicken pox and polio . From the Petri dish to the yoga pant : Epidemia legging , s like the pair featuring a lung x-ray design pictured , will initially be priced at around $ 75 . ` Frankly , it 's unacceptable , ' Lizzie told Today . ` It 's not like we 're trying to solve an unsolvable problem . We really have the power to lead the way toward a healthier future . We already have the tools . ' With this idea in mind , Lizzie is promising to send 15 per cent of the profits to funding projects aimed at limiting the impact of preventable diseases such as polio , rubella and hepatitis , as well as expanding medical care access around the globe . Now , with an expanding team - and an exploding online following - Epidemia 's goal of $ 15,000 has nearly been reached , meaning the line is just on the cusp of going into production . Team Epidemia : Based on the strength of her idea , Lizzie has enlisted a new VP of retail , Taylor Newby -LRB- third from right -RRB- , and several friends as models for the project . Showing off their muscles : The Kickstarter campaign to produce the clothing for the public has nearly reached its goal of $ 15,000 . The first group of designs lined up will be called ` She 's Got It ' will have the theme of beauty in a woman 's body and will feature images of brain , nerve , heart and epithelial -LRB- stomach -RRB- . Aside from bringing awareness of preventable diseases to the forefront , the ` She 's Got It ' line has its own unique purpose . ` We hope women will wear these clothes and feel empowered to join the discussions of public health , science and technology that are so vital to our world , ' Lizzie explained . ` Our hope is that our stylish , feminine , fun , and most importantly , interesting designs will appeal to girls of all ages - and maybe encourage them to get involved in the scientific community . '