An 11-year-old retired K-9 officer took his last ride in a squad car in a heartwarming farewell held by fellow officers and residents celebrating his time on the force . Zeus , a German Shepherd , was honored in a grand procession in Connecticut on Wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health . The tribute for the police dog , who worked with the Ridgefield Police Department for eight years as a K-9 officer , began around 4.45 pm and ended at the Ridgefield Veterinary Hospital . Scroll down for video . Zeus -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department . The German Shepherd , who served eight years in the force , took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week -LRB- Zeus pictured with Officer Shawn Murray , his former partner and carer after he retired -RRB- . On Wednesday , ahead of the procession , the police department wrote an emotional message about Zeus on their Facebook . ` Today is the day we have to say goodbye to our beloved K-9 Zeus , ' they wrote . ` It is an extremely emotional day for all of us . ` He was a fellow officer and friend . He will be deeply missed but never forgotten . Our thoughts and prayers are with Zeus , Officer Murray and his family during this difficult time . ' During the grand procession , residents of Ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town . Zeus had the special tribute before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health -LRB- Zeus pictured during the procession on Wednesday -RRB- . Officers from the department and police departments across the state came to pay their tributes . Zeus was being taken to Ridgefield Veterinary Clinic -LRB- above -RRB- where he was to be euthanized . The vehicles traveled from the police headquarter and ended at the veterinary hospital . Residents held signs reading ` Thank you Zeus ' and ` Zeus our hero during the afternoon . A flag was waved at half staff next to a draped black cloth at the department as Officer Shawn Murray , Zeus 's former partner , pushed him in a cart during the tribute . ` This is an honor to be here for him during his last moments , ' Chief John Roche told WTNH . ` The disease that had racked him had deteriorated to such a point where it was just so difficult for him to exist and continue on . ' A flag was waved at half staff next to a draped black cloth at the department -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . Chief John Roche -LRB- above -RRB- said during the tribute : ` This is an honor to be here for him during his last moments ' In his eight-year career with the force , Zeus assisted with more than 250 narcotics arrest and also helped officers track down 50 missing or wanted individuals . The largest amount of narcotics he was responsible for seizing was ten pounds of marijuana in 2006 , when he joined the force and was partnered with Officer Murray who he continued to reside with after his retirement . The animal had to retire last May due to health issues , and for some losing Zeus is not only losing a coworker , but also a family member . ` He was in the yard when there were picnics , ' Detective Scott Murray , Officer Murray 's brother told WTNH . ` He played , he chased the ball , he did what all normal dogs do , what all normal family dogs do , except he had a job . ' Following the special tribute , the police department wrote their final goodbye to Zeus . On Wednesday , the police department wrote an emotional goodbye to Zeus thanking him for keeping them safe . The police department said it was an honor to work beside Zeus . During his eight-year career with the force , the dog assisted with over 250 narcotics arrests -LRB- his badge pictured right -RRB- . Ridgefield Police Department officers said : ` You will be dearly missed but never forgotten ' ` Zeus , it is with tears in our eyes that we must say goodbye , ' they wrote . ` You were a valued member of our team and only did great things . ` It was an honor to work beside you and knowing that you were there always helped put our minds at ease . ` We know you would not have hesitated to lay down your life for any of us if we were ever faced with a life threatening situation . You wore the Ridgefield Police badge with Respect , Pride and Dignity . ` Thank you for keeping us all safe over the years . You will be dearly missed but never forgotten . Rest in Peace our friend . '