In the era of advanced DNA profiling , police can usually identify a suspect with a single strand of hair or a tiny drop of blood . Their techniques , however , fall apart if the suspect has a twin . Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from . But the problem has been solved by a team of British researchers . Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from . But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . Researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . The breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime . Identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . But as they age different life experiences , such as smoking or diet , create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA . Using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis - or HRMA - researchers can now identify the difference between each twin . HRMA subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break , known as the melting temperature . The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA , the higher the temperature required to melt them . In 2013 , 22-year-old twins Mohammed and Aftab Asghar were both charged with raping a 17-year-old woman in Berkshire because the police were unsure which one DNA evidence came from . Mohammed was eventually convicted by a jury at Reading Crown Court , and charges dropped against Aftab because mobile phone evidence placed him elsewhere . But in some cases it has even led to prosecutions being dropped , rather than run the risk of convicting the wrong twin . Murder charges were dropped in 2011 against Orlando Nembhard , 19 , accused of shooting a teenager outside a nightclub in Arizona , the US , because prosecutors could not prove that he was the murderer rather than his twin , Brandon . Dr Graham Williams , who leads the Forensic Genetics Research Group at Huddersfield , alongside Leander Stewart and their colleagues have now come up with a method which could solve such riddles . Identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . But as they age their different life experiences create a variation in the number of hydrogen bonds within DNA -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . This could be caused by smoking , exposure to chemicals , or different diets . Dr Graham Williams -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who leads the Forensic Genetics Research Group at Huddersfield , found that by heating DNA until its bonds break these subtle differences become apparent . The technique is based on the concept of DNA methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns various genes on and off . Method is called high resolution melt curve analysis -LRB- HRMA -RRB- . The more hydrogen bonds present in DNA , the higher the temperature needed to melt them . They have created a method of heating DNA until its bonds break - identifying minute differences between two twins . Identical twins start life with the same genes , because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . But as they grow older their different life experiences create a variation in the number of hydrogen bonds within the DNA . This could be caused by smoking , sunshine , exposure to chemicals , or different diets . Dr Williams , whose research is published in the journal Analytical Biochemistry , says that using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis - or HRMA - can identify the difference between each twin . He said : ` What HRMA does is to subject the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break , known as the melting temperature . ` The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA , the higher the temperature required to melt them . ' The technique is based on the concept of DNA methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns various genes on and off . Environmental factors alter the methylation status of DNA , changing the way it works . In 2013 , twins Aftab and Mohammed Asghar -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- were both charged with raping a woman in Berkshire because the police were unsure which one DNA evidence came from . Mohammed was eventually convicted and charges dropped against Aftab because mobile phone evidence placed him elsewhere . In 2013 , 22-year-old twins Mohammed and Aftab Asghar were both charged with raping a 17-year-old woman in Berkshire because the police were unsure which one DNA evidence came from . Mohammed was eventually convicted by a jury at Reading Crown Court , and charges dropped against Aftab because mobile phone evidence placed him elsewhere . But in some cases it has even led to prosecutions being dropped , rather than run the risk of convicting the wrong twin . Murder charges were dropped in 2011 against Orlando Nembhard , 19 , accused of shooting a teenager outside a nightclub in Arizona because prosecutors could not prove he was the murderer rather than his twin , Brandon . For example , if one twin has a job outdoors and the other a desk job , the methylation profile will be slightly different . Crucially , methylation changes the number of hydrogen bonds . Dr Williams said : ` Consequently , if one DNA sequence is more methylated than the other , then the melting temperatures of the two samples will differ - a difference that can be measured , and which will establish the difference between two identical twins . ' The technique has some limitations , Dr Williams acknowledges . For example young twins , or twins raised in highly similar environments , may not have yet developed sufficient methylation differences . The technique also requires a relatively large sample of DNA , which might not always be present at the crime scene . ` Nevertheless , we have demonstrated substantial progress towards a relatively cheap and quick test for differentiating between identical twins in forensic case work , '' Dr Williams said .