Hibs , Hearts and Rangers united in condemnation of the SPFL 's decision to move the Ibrox club 's final game of the Championship season back 24 hours . In a move designed to accommodate broadcasters , Rangers will face champions Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3 -- 24 hours after Hibs and promotion rivals Falkirk and Queen of the South play . Adamant the final round of fixtures should be played at the same time to avert any competitive advantage for Stuart McCall 's side , Easter Road chief executive Leanne Dempster and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge have lodged formal complaints with the league . In a staggering misjudgment of the public mood , however , the SPFL issued a statement expressing surprise at the fuss before Rangers boss McCall compounded their woe by revealing he also backed Hibs ' stance . Hibernian are upset that Rangers ' final game of the season has been pushed back for TV purposes . Ramping up the pressure on SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster , Hibs counterpart Leanne Dempster said : ` In previous seasons , the League has ensured that all of the final round fixtures are played at the same time . ` I have been in contact with the SPFL following its announcement that one final-round fixture would kick off after all the other results are known . ` I have reminded them in very clear terms that -- as organisers of the competition -- the responsibility for protecting its unimpeachable sporting integrity lies with them . ' On a day when the relationship between broadcasters and Scottish football came under unprecedented scrutiny , Hearts majority shareholder Budge backed up her city rivals . In a statement , Budge also queried the ` sporting integrity ' of Rangers playing 24 hours after their rivals given they are engaged in a dogfight with Hibs for second place . ` This has been done following selection of the game for a live TV broadcast , ' she said . ` While we all knew that this was likely to be a strong candidate for televising and that the time might well change , we did not for one minute think that at this late stage , it would be moved to the Sunday , especially given our belief that all Championship games would require to be played at the same time . ` On learning of the change , I immediately attempted to contact the SPFL and objected in strong terms to the proposed late change to this fixture on the grounds of it having a total disregard for the interests of supporters of both clubs and an apparent disregard for sporting integrity . Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle in their final game of the season on May 3 . ` Being given 17 days ' notice of this change is extremely disruptive and potentially very expensive for the fans , the sponsors and indeed the club . Overseas supporters have been in touch to advise that they will lose substantial amounts on travel ; others have advised of lost earnings , holiday problems , etc. . ` None of this is good for any of us and on behalf of the club , I can only apologise . ` When it also became apparent to us that our fixture was the only game to be moved , we were equally alarmed as rightly or wrongly , this casts a shadow over the sporting integrity of the Championship . ` While it may not be enshrined in the newly-merged rulebook of the SPFL , it is protocol the football world over for fixtures such as the last day of the Championship to be played simultaneously . ` To move only one , -LRB- or even two or four -RRB- out of 5 fixtures would seem to be leaving our game wide open to unsavoury accusations . ` I will be sending in a formal complaint to the SPFL in relation to this appallingly late decision . It is no wonder that clubs are finding it harder and harder to gain support from their fans when their interests can be so blatantly disregarded , especially at such short notice . ` I am advised that this complaint will likely have no impact on the original decision but nevertheless , I want our supporters to know that we have taken all and any action that we could have and I will further comment on the situation once we have been updated by the League . ' Responding to the criticism , however , the SPFL rushed out a statement saying it was ` unreasonable ' to expect all Championship games to kick off simultaneously . ` In response to recent criticisms of the Championship fixture scheduling for the weekend 2/3 May , we 'd like to clarify some specific points . On this weekend , the Hearts v Rangers match is scheduled for Sunday 3 May to be broadcast on television and it is not clear to us why this has caused so much surprise . This is a key game in the Championship season and will inevitably attract huge interest from fans around the world . Hearts are already promoted from the Championship , but they too condemned the fixture change . ` It is unreasonable to expect all Championship fixtures that weekend to move to the Sunday when a number of them will be unaffected by the Hearts v Rangers tie . However , as a result of this fixture , all Championship clubs have been invited to submit a request should they wish to move games to the Sunday . ` To date , we have had no request from Hibernian FC to move its fixture to the Sunday at the time of writing -LRB- 8.45 pm , Wednesday 15 April -RRB- . ` We also note speculation that Police Scotland expressed concern to the SPFL about the scheduling of the Hearts v Rangers match . However , Police Scotland confirmed to us that there were no security issues with the scheduling of all Championship fixtures that weekend . ` Whilst we regret any inconvenience to supporters caused by rescheduled fixtures , the circumstances surrounding the matches on the weekend of 2/3 May are in no way unusual . ' After his side drew with Livingston last night , however , Ibrox manager McCall gave his view , saying : ` First and foremost , we 've not asked for the game to be changed . Hibs are complaining about it and rightly so . I 'd be doing exactly the same . I think every game on the last day of the season should be played at the same time . ` But we 've told by the TV , I believe , that it may be the case that the other games are moved to the Sunday . I honestly do n't know . It 's nothing to do with us . We 've not asked for that , but if I was in Hibs ' position then , yes , I would be annoyed as well . Of course . ` I was happy to play on the Saturday . We 've not tried to gain any advantage - we 've been told when to play . TV controls a lot of things . If the game definitely has to go ahead on the Sunday then can we all then move to the Sunday . I 'd be happy with that . I would imagine that it will be changed over the next 24 or 48 hours to play at the same time . It would be only right . '