Scottish Nationalists threatened to paralyse the UK government by blocking ` any bit of spending ' they do not agree with . The threat came as Angela Eagle , Labour 's shadow leader of the Commons , revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament -- including the SNP -- to ` try to build a majority ' . But the SNP , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs , suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme . The Scottish Nationalists , led by Nicola Sturgeon , have threatened to paralyse the UK government by blocking ` any bit of spending ' they do not agree with . The SNP 's deputy leader Stewart Hosie told the BBC 's Daily Politics that in the absence of a formal deal with Labour , the SNP would be ` entitled to vote against any bit of legislation ' and ` any bit of spending ' it does not agree with . He said that the SNP could vote against so-called ` Parliamentary estimates ' , which authorise Government departments ' spending commitments . ` If we did n't agree with a bit of spending then of course we could vote against that . I certainly would n't be happy if Trident was renewed , ' he said . Senior Conservatives warned that the SNP 's threat to veto public spending across entire departments unless it gets its way could even lead to a US-style government shutdown . The threat came as Angela Eagle , Labour 's shadow leader of the Commons , revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament -- including the SNP -- to ` try to build a majority ' As Scotland moved to the centre of the election campaign : . ■ Mr Cameron pledged a controversial annual review of the fairness of Scottish government policies on the rest of the UK . ■ Nick Clegg questioned the ` legitimacy ' of a government led by a party that finishes second . ■ Tory HQ prepared to deploy Boris Johnson and Sir John Major to energise its campaign . ■ George Osborne unveiled plans for a £ 10billion shares bonanza by selling off discounted shares in Lloyds Bank . ■ Ed Balls prompted fears of tax increases on businesses and middle earners if Labour regains power . ■ Labour prepared to step up warnings about Tory ` privatisation ' of the NHS . David Cameron warned the idea of Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon holding sway over a ` weak ' Labour leader in a hung Parliament was a ` frightening prospect ' . The Prime Minister insisted the SNP ` would n't care ' about slashing services for voters in England and Wales -- and insisted the only way to stop the party was to return a Conservative government . He issued a plea to Ukip and Lib Dem voters to lend their support to the Tories to prevent ` Ed Miliband , propped up by Nicola Sturgeon , demanding ever more borrowing and more taxes ' . David Cameron warned the idea of Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon holding sway over a ` weak ' Labour leader in a hung Parliament was a ` frightening prospect ' ` A group of nationalists from one part of our country would be involved in altering the direction of the government of our country and I think that is a frightening prospect , ' Mr Cameron said . ` For people thinking in their own constituencies `` is that bypass going to be built , will my hospital get the money it needs ? '' -- frankly , this is a group of people that would n't care about what happened in the rest of the country . ' Miss Sturgeon said yesterday she expected the SNP to be in a ` very powerful ' position after May 7 . She insisted SNP MPs would be prepared to vote on English matters , such as the NHS and education -- breaking the party 's previous commitment not to vote on issues which are controlled by the Scottish Parliament . Miss Sturgeon insisted she would never support the Conservatives in government , but indicated that she is ready to put Mr Miliband in Number Ten even if Labour wins fewer seats at the election . Labour has ruled out a formal deal with the SNP , but repeatedly refused to rule out a looser arrangement . Outlining an ` alternative vision ' for Britain that could be implemented in co-operation with Labour , Miss Sturgeon will today unveil a manifesto to ` end austerity ' with a £ 180billion debt-fuelled spending spree . On the prospect of negotiating with the SNP , Angela Eagle , Labour 's shadow leader of the Commons , told the BBC 's Sunday Politics : ` We 'll speak to any party that has got representation in the House of Commons in order to try and build a majority for a Queen 's Speech that the country desperately needs for a change of government . ' A senior Labour source sought to downplay Miss Eagle 's remarks , saying there would be a ` clear majority ' for Trident renewal in any circumstances because of the support of almost all Conservative MPs . Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said : ` The SNP are threatening to hold Britain to ransom to guarantee an Ed Miliband government gives them what they want -- weaker defences , more borrowing , more debt and more taxes . '