A married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to IVF . Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment . But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago . Louise and Glen Higgs with daughter Mazy , aged three and newborns Carson Alan -LRB- left -RRB- and Carter Joel -LRB- right -RRB- . The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week . Former RAF fireman Glen said : ` Medical staff have told us our three children are triplets as they are all from the batch of embryos that were created at the same time . ` It is crazy really - seeing as there are three-and-half years between them in age . ' Glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile . He met Dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of IVF treatment . Carter Joel Higgs -LRB- white top -RRB- and Carson Alan Higgs -LRB- blue top -RRB- who were born on March 24 2015 weighing 5 lb 12oz and 5 lb 5oz , with IVF triplet sister Mazy Linda Higgs , aged three . Glen said : ` I had an unusual tumour growing within the testicle . After all my treatment , they tested my sperm and they were non-swimmers . ` I knew then that if I ever wanted to have children I would have to go through IVF . ` I had always wanted kids and first went through the process with Dee in 2010 . We got funding for the first try and got lucky when Mazy was born . ' Glen , now a manager at a filter-making factory , said : ` We then just had to wait and see if it attaches okay . We ended up having eight embryos . ` We put two in to attempt to have a child the first time and froze the other six . ` We were talking about getting rid of them - as we were paying a yearly storage fee - but decided to try again . We had to fund it ourselves this time and put two in again . ` Amazingly they both stuck and we have ended up with two more beautiful babies . ` I always wanted to have kids and am a big family man . The process we went through was hard but we could not have asked more from the final outcome . ` I am the happiest man ever . I have three healthy kids when I thought I would never have any . One we thought would be amazing - to have three is an unbelievable gift . ` What my wife and her body had to go through makes her the real hero to me . ' Glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile . He met Dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of IVF treatment : Carter Joel Higgs -LRB- white top -RRB- and Carson Alan Higgs -LRB- blue top -RRB- . The IVF procedure involved doctors effectively ` hoovering ' the eggs from of Dee 's body and injecting them with the frozen sperm . Care assistant Denise , 27 , said : ` When I heard I was having twins I cried and my husband just went white . To now have triplets is simply amazing . In the UK , one in every three thousand births is to triplets . Approximately 15 per cent of ` multiples ' are born thanks to IVF . Source : TwinsUK . ` We were so happy though . It has been a huge change in our lives but we have just learnt to adapt . ` Going through IVF is one of the hardest things you ever have to go through as a woman . ` The whole process is horrendous , but as we have proved it does actually work . ` There are so many injections and medication and it can be very undignified at times . I did get very emotional at times but I have no regrets at all about doing it . ` I could not be happier with what we have been left with . ' The couple have now disposed of the remaining embryos and have no plans to have any more children .