Luckless : Huw Davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years . A geography graduate has applied for more than 500 jobs - but has not been called for a single interview . Huw Davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years since graduating from the University of Glamorgan in 2002 . As well as his BSc -LRB- hons -RRB- degree , Mr Davies , who lives in Merthyr Tydfil , also has three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV . Despite his strong academic background , he has been unable to secure a job and says he ` has n't got the foggiest ' about what he is doing wrong . Although he has worked over the 13-year period , all the jobs have been on short , fixed-term contracts . He has also spent time teaching in South Africa , Kuwait and the desert kingdom of Saudi Arabia , but says he returned home as he wants to live in the UK . All this has meant he has been forced to dig deep into his savings to pay the rent and other bills . Scroll down for video . He said : ` It 's unbelievable and no-one can understand it . ` Everyone I 've spoken to - people in business , the job centre , my friends and family just do n't know why I do n't even get interviews . ` The sheer fact I have moved three times to work should imply I am eager to work . ` It 's hard to blame anyone without being able to put my finger on the issue in the first place . ' Searching : Mr Davies has a geography degree and three A-levels , but has not even been called for interview . Mr Davies initially wanted to find a job related to his degree , specifically employment within the environmental or town planning sectors . But after his numerous setbacks , the 34-year-old is now willing to settle for almost anything . He has put his name forward for roles including office jobs , administration , factory work - and even a position as a train driver . Mr Davies , who spends his spare time writing and has published three poetry books and is currently working on two novels , has also registered with job agencies in Cardiff and Swansea . He says he is not fussed about where he is based . ` I drive , I am willing to travel a decent distance , ' he said . ` I have the will , I have the drive . I would understand if I had bad interview technique but I am not even getting calls back . ` My CV has been redone by three or four different people . ` All my friends can not believe it . They say I must be the most unfortunate person . ` I ca n't think of anyone else who would leave Britain three times to find work . I even applied for a job as a train driver , just because it was there . ` I feel awful thinking I have a lot to offer but no one wants to use me . It 's frustrating , upsetting . If I was very blasé it would be a whole different story . ' He added : ` My job centre told me ages ago I was caught in a catch-22 , saying I was over-qualified for a factory-type job but under-experienced for the kind of job I wanted to do . ' Struggle : The 34-year-old will work anywhere in Britain , but despite his flexibility , he has not secured a job . Mr Davies is not the first luckless candidate to struggle finding a job . In 2011 , Leanne Shipley , 18 , from East Yorkshire , applied for 300 jobs without hearing back from a single one . In the same year , 19-year-old Bob Jewers , from County Durham , said he had been rejected from 400 jobs , only getting replies from four . A spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions said employment in Wales went up in the last quarter by 24,000 people . The spokesman added : ` Unemployment fell in the last three months by 13,000 so there are just 92,000 people out of work in Wales . ` The number of people claiming jobseeker 's allowance in Wales has also fallen by 17,000 in the last year . '