More than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners use their devices to play games . So developers in Los Angeles have designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the A and B buttons , from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone . Called Smart Boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their Apple handset . Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy , to an iPhone . It was originally an April Fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it . The case was created by independent video game hardware developers Hyperkin . It was originally devised as part of an April Fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version . In a press release , Hyperkin 's product developer Chris Gallizzi said : ` We wanted to create a retro device that can be easily adapted into any modern gamer 's arsenal of devices . ' He continued that the Smart Boy will come in the classic '80s grey ' , with more colours to follow . Called Smart Boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset . A graphic showing how to use the Hyperkin case is illustrated . The Game Boy , and its successor the Game Boy Color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively . They have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide . More than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners now use their devices to play games . It will feature an eight-way D-pad , two action buttons , a Start and Select button , and a battery that can be charged through the phone . The gameplay itself will appear on the iPhone 's screen , and the firm said these features may change as the project develops . The Game Boy , and its successor the Game Boy Color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively . The have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide . When the original Game Boy was released in the US , it sold one million units within the first month . Games were sold as cartridges that slid into the rear of the handheld consoles . Nintendo advised keeping cartridges away from dust , where possible , to avoid gameplay glitches . The Smart Boy will also work with an app with a cheat database , and save states as well . At the moment the Smart Boy is ` in early conceptual development stages ' and is only being designed to work with the iPhone 6 Plus , in the first instance . Hyperkin has not announced price details or when the first models will go on sale , but it did say that cases for other handsets , and designs , are also under development . The Game Boy , and its successor the Game Boy Color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively . They have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide . When the original Game Boy was released in the US , it sold one million units within the first month . Games were sold as cartridges that slid into the rear of the handheld consoles . Nintendo advised keeping cartridges away from dust , where possible , to avoid gameplay glitches .