QPR boss Chris Ramsey believes Sunday 's west London derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing Chelsea . Jose Mourinho 's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown - whilst QPR need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division all together . The Rs could start Sunday 's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures . Chris Ramsey believes Sunday 's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea . Ramsey puts QPR wideman Junior Hoilett through his paces during the Hoops ' training session on Friday . And , with games running out , Ramsey feels Chelsea 's lead at the top means the game takes on extra significance for the hosts . ` It 's a big game for us , ' he said . ` They can afford to have a blip and still win the league but on the flip side , we need to pick up every point we can . ` We all know what it means to the supporters - at this stage of the season , with what is at stake for both teams , it gives it added spice . ' Charlie Austin celebrates with Matt Phillips after scoring during QPR 's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday . Defender Clint Hill , who scored in Tuesday night 's 3-3 draw at Aston Villa , enjoyed the taste of victory in his first west London derby when QPR won 1-0 at home to Chelsea in 2011 . That game may now be remembered more for the verbal clash between John Terry and Anton Ferdinand which landed the Chelsea skipper a £ 220,000 fine and a four-game ban for racial abuse , but Hill wants to see the positives from that performance replicated on Sunday . ` I think we shocked them that day , ' he told Hoops Player . ` If we can show the same desire both on and off the pitch then hopefully we can get a result again . Nobody expects us to win but we believe we can give them a game . ` We are playing Chelsea who are top of the Premier League and if you ca n't get up for that challenge then there 's something wrong . ' Former striker Heidar Helguson celebrates after scoring in QPR 's 1-0 home win over Chelsea in October 2011 . Defender Clint Hill believes QPR can get a result if the side show the same desire as they did four years ago .