They have been married for less than a year and already there 's a baby on the way . On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald , 19 . ` We 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People . ` We are so excited . The due date is November first , our wedding anniversary . ' Scroll down for video . A baby on the way : Jessa Duggar announced she 's expecting her first child with Ben Seewald , 19 . ` We 're expecting ! ' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star announced on Tuesday . Excited for the arrival : The TLC stars also shared this image that had written on a white onesie , ` Coming soon , 11.01.2015 ' Something in the water ! Soon after the announcement was made , Anna Duggar -LRB- middle -RRB- shared an image of Jessa -LRB- right -RRB- showing off her bump in a Twitter photo . Also in the snap is Jill -LRB- far left -RRB- , who was still with child at the time the photograph was taken . A big hint : The announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late March an image of the two was uploaded to Facebook that suggested they could be expecting - Ben was holding his wife 's stomach in a pose typically struck by couples who are about to share they 're planning for a little one . Jessa 's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the Duggars . She is the third child to marry , and every marriage has resulted in a baby the first year of marriage . The youngest of Jim Bob and Michelle 's children , Josie , seen here in Jim Bob 's lap , is younger than their eldest granddaughter Mackynzie , who is seated in the front row . Soon after the announcement was made , Anna Duggar shared an image of Jessa showing off her bump in a Twitter photo . Also in the snap is Jill , who was still with child at the time the photograph was taken . ` Congrats @JessaSeewald @BenSeewald on your pregnancy ! It was great to be pregnant together @jillmdillard , ' she wrote in the caption . Anna , who is married to eldest Duggar Josh , is pregnant with the couple 's fourth child , a baby girl due in July . The couple , who married in 2008 after a chaste courtship , already have Mackynzie , Michael and Marcus . Josh works for the Family Research Council , a pro life , anti gay marriage Christian lobbying organization in Washington DC . The whole family is famously prolife and shuns birth control . Michelle stopped taking birth control after she miscarried early in her marriage . She had gone on the pill following eldest child Josh 's birth . Then she miscarried while taking birth control , she has said . Michelle then went off birth control and soon welcomed fraternal twins - and never used birth control again . Now Michelle and all her children proclaim that God does their family planning and they share their prolife beliefs on social media and the show . And lots of kids is n't all he shares with his parents . He and Anna also seems to be continuing a tradition with naming , as all 19 Duggar children have names that start with J , and his three children all have M names . Josh shared this photo of his pregnant wife and three children at the airport a few days ago . His eldest child is older than his youngest sister . The whole family is outspokenly pro-life , and josh and Anna are seen here kneeling when attending a rally earlier this year . Josh now works for the Family Research Council , a conservative prolife group . Josh shared this photo of his wife and younger brother Joseph for Joseph 's birthday - wearing anti Roe v Wade t-shirts for the occasion . Jill , the fourth eldest Duggar , welcomed son Israel David earlier this month , ten months after her wedding . And now the fertility streak is continuing with daughter Jessa and her husband Ben . ` We are looking forward to being parents , ' Ben told People on Tuesday . ` I am feeling pretty good , ' added Jessa . ` The morning sickness was different every day . It 's getting better , but I 'm still hanging on to the heartburn . And I do n't have any super serious food cravings . ' The announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late March an image of the two was uploaded to Facebook that suggested they could be expecting . Ben was holding his wife 's stomach in a pose typically struck by couples who are about to share the good news that they 're planning for a little one . The picture , in which the newlyweds are smiling and making the shape of a heart with their hands on Jessa 's stomach , sparked rumors online of an impending pregnancy . Anna , left , got to be pregnant with Jill , right , for this her fourth pregnancy . The pair posed for this photo earlier this year , before Jessa 's pregnancy was public . Flashback ! For her first pregnancy , Anna and her mother-in-law Michelle were pregnant at the same time . Making babies ! They shared their passion online and the lovebirds in a romantic kiss after they married . They saved the first kiss for their wedding day and only held hands when they got engaged . Hiding her tummy : On Sunday the Duggar daughter shared this image to Instagram with the caption , ` Headed to Big Sandy , TX to meet up with my family ! ' The two did not make any kind of statement at the time . In her People interview , the TLC star explained that she found out she was with child when she took a pregnancy test one Sunday morning before church . ` I said , `` Hey Ben , guess what ? Yeah , you 're a dad . '' We could n't believe it , ' the daughter of Jim Bob , 49 , and Michelle Duggar , 48 . She added , ` We are so excited . We have started talking baby names . It is one of those things that is so special , picking a name for a baby . ' It runs in the family : Jessa 's older sister Jill Dillard , 23 , and her husband , Derick , 26 , welcomed son Israel David on April 6 after a 70-hour labor . Ben works for Jim Bob Duggar doing odd jobs , and Jessa was always chief organizer for her younger siblings , organizing their home school and packing for trips . No doubt reality tv paychecks and assorted book and speaking fees will help the young couple afford the new addition . And both will have time to raise the little one . The Seewalds live in a house on the Duggar property , owned by Jim Bob and Michelle . Previously Josh and Anna lived their , and welcomed their two older children into the world in home births in the house . Mackynzie was born int he master bedroom , and Michael was born while Anna was on the toilet . Marcus was born at a midwifery center . It 's not known if Jessa plans to homebirth in the same house as Anna or not . Jessa 's older sister Jill Dillard , 23 , and her husband , Derick , 26 , welcomed son Israel David on April 6 after a 70-hour labor and an emergency c-section . They had planned a homebirth as well , as Jill is a midwife , but it did n't go as planned . Jill says the doctor stitched her up really well , however , and she hopes to have many more pregnancies and deliver future children vaginally . On Tuesday evening during an episode of 19 Kids & Counting Jessa and Ben will feature a special message . Also in the episode a look at the couple 's honeymoon in Venice and Paris is shared . The two are seen kissing in Piazza San Marco as pigeons land on their heads . The honeymoon ! On Tuesday evening during an episode of 19 Kids & Counting , Jessa and Ben are seen visiting Venice , Italy where they kiss in Piazza San Marco as pigeons land on their heads . Yikes : The reality star was a put startled when a pigeon landed on her and said , ` When they see food they attack you ' He was impressed : While in the square Ben said , ` The city itself is tight and close together , but here is this big open square ' Just like an old married couple : The TLC standouts talked about getting close with the birds ; Jessa said she did n't like having their claws in her hair . THey also went to Paris on their honeymoon . Being pregnant has not changed Jessa and Ben 's plans to adopt . ` Our hearts have n't changed on adoption , ' the star said . People noted the agency the couple has contacted ` requires prospective parents to be married for two years before adopting . ' ` We are still making plans , ' she said . For now the two are just soaking it all in . ` We are trying to take it one day at a time , ' Ben said . Their wedding made for good ratings : The Arkansas residents tied the knot on November 1 , 2014 in front of 1,000 people and the nuptials were aired on TLC . ` We pray every night that God helps us be good parents . We are getting advice from other parents . ' And though Jessa is only 22 , she has a good perspective on how things should move forward . ` I am not comparing , not worrying about what could happen , we are just getting prepared , ' the TLC favorite said . ` I think having this first year together to share our lives , just the two of us , has been special . We are definitely excited to be parents . ' Their show 19 Kids & Counting airs Tuesdays -LRB- 9 p.m. ET -RRB- on TLC .