A toddler was killed after being swept away in a drainage ditch Tuesday afternoon . Remy Dufrene , 3 , of Raceland , Louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk . The old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch . Scroll down for video . Remy Dufrene -LRB- above -RRB- drowned after falling into a drainage ditch Tuesday afternoon . His father searched for the boy 's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch -LRB- above -RRB- . ` As soon as I pulled him out , his pour little belly looked like it was full of water , and kind of knew when I pulled him out that he was gone , ' said Drake Dufrene -LRB- above -RRB- the boy 's father . ` He just ran out the front door to back here , and my mom , she 's ill , she ca n't keep up with a 3-year-old , ' Drake Dufrene , the boy 's father , told CBS 4 . ` I just heard a very , very distinct , scary scream . ' Duferene , who was in the bathroom at the time , ran outside and jumped into the water to try and look for his son , but it took him 15 minutes before he was able to find the boy . ` As soon as I pulled him out , his pour little belly looked like it was full of water , and kind of knew when I pulled him out that he was gone , ' he said . Emergency workers on the scene spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail . The family now says they are taking comfort knowing that their boy is in a better place , but are still in shock . ` It 's just , it 's tragic . I hope never anyone has to go through what I 'm going through right now , because I 've never felt anything this hard in my life , ' said the boy 's father -LRB- above with his mother -RRB- . Making matters worse , this might have never been an issue were it not for the weather . ` That ditch is almost dry all the time , ' said Samuel Dufrene , the boy 's grand granfather . ` With this rain we 've been having , there 's a lot of water , and they were pumping hard . ' The family now says they are taking comfort knowing that their boy is in a better place , but are still in shock . ` It 's just , it 's tragic . I hope never anyone has to go through what I 'm going through right now , because I 've never felt anything this hard in my life , ' said the boy 's father .