An 82-year-old woman died after sitting in the same chair in her South Carolina home for six months , authorities have said . Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2 . The coroner 's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect . Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members . Officers were called to the home on January 2 and the smell was so bad that some of the first firefighters on the scene set up a fan by the door . Scene : Barbara Beam died in her South Carolina home in January after sitting for six months and prosecutors are considering charges against her caretakers . The identity of the woman pictured is not known . An officer noticed ulcers on the back of the 200-pound woman 's legs and that body fluids were staining the sunken seat of her chair , according to the police report . The sister told the officer that Beam ` stays in the chair located in the bedroom and that she had not moved out of the chair for approximately six months , ' according to a police report . She added that , a few hours before her sister 's death , Beam refused to eat and they watched a soap opera together in her bedroom before she went to the kitchen . When she returned , Beam was slumped in her chair and the sister and nephew could find no pulse . When paramedics took Beam out of the chair and put her on the floor , her legs were still bent in a sitting position when the officer arrived . She was not wearing pants , according to the report . When she died , she also had deep vein thrombosis , which are clots caused by sitting for long periods of time , and a serious infection that started in her kidneys , the coroner 's office said . ` The decedent had significant ulcerations and wounds - pressure ulcers , essentially - on her legs from prolonged inactivity and prolonged time spent in a chair , ' Dr. James Fulcher , the deputy medical examiner who performed the autopsy said , the Greenville News reported . Police have turned their file on the case over to prosecutors , who are reviewing it , Greenville Police spokesman Johnathan Bragg said on Friday .