Michael Buckley , 60 , from Forest Hill , south east London , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at Marks & Spencer . A shopper caused the death of a frail widower by ` deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , a court heard yesterday . Melanie Buck is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles in Marks & Spencer were gridlocked by Christmas shoppers . When she could not get past 60-year-old Michael Buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley , it was alleged . Mr Buckley -- who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st -- fell to the floor in the m & s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist . When a shop assistant rushed to help him , he allegedly told her : ` She rammed me . ' The following day , an operation under general anaesthetic to repair 5ft 5in Mr Buckley 's injuries appeared to go well . But on Christmas Day his condition worsened after he suffered what doctors believe was a heart attack . He was taken into intensive care and put on a life - support machine . Two months later , the decision was taken to turn off the machine and he was pronounced dead . Prosecuting at Croydon Crown Court yesterday , David Howker QC said Miss Buck , 33 , was out shopping with her mother on December 22 , 2012 . She arrived at the store in The Glades shopping centre , in Bromley , south-east London , at about 1 pm . Mr Buckley , who wore a hearing aid and was described as ` frail ' , arrived after her and the pair bumped into each other in a food aisle . Mr Howker said : ` It appears there was something of a gridlock in the aisle and the defendant could not get past him . ` There may have been a clash between his basket and her trolley and a few words exchanged . ` But the upshot was that Miss Buck , perhaps out of a sense of frustration , deliberately rammed Mr Buckley with her trolley and the result was to knock him to the floor . ' He added : ` Miss Buck assaulted Mr Buckley causing him to fall to the floor and injure himself and cause the chain of events that led to his death . She is responsible for that death . ' As she made her way out of the store , the defendant was followed by a shop worker who told her she could not leave , the court heard . Melanie Serita Buck , 33 , from Bromley -LRB- pictured outside Croydon Crown Court -RRB- is accused of killing the frail widower during the alleged trolley rage incident . Buck -LRB- left -RRB- has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter as well as an alternative charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm . Miss Buck , of Bromley , told her it was an accident , but the assistant ` disagreed ' and said she would call security if Miss Buck tried to leave . The court heard Mr Buckley lived alone in Forest Hill , south-east London , following the death of his wife in 2010 . Following his death , Miss Buck was charged with manslaughter and an alternative charge of grievous bodily harm . She denies both charges . When interviewed by police , she said she accidentally bumped into Mr Buckley 's basket as the shop was so busy , and claimed he deliberately hit her trolley with the basket as she apologised . She told officers she accidentally knocked him down as she tried to get past him with her trolley . In court , Mr Howker admitted Mr Buckley 's health was poor . ` Miss Buck would not have known that when she rammed him , ' he added . ` However , her knowledge of Mr Buckley 's condition is irrelevant really . If you assault someone who is not as robust as the next man or who has a particular susceptibility to injury or death then that is your lookout really . ` You take your victim as you find him ... it will be no defence to say that the ordinary healthy man would not have died in similar circumstances . ' The trial continues . The court heard how the incident unfolded at the store -LRB- pictured -RRB- on December 22 , 2012 , when the store was ` gridlocked ' with festive shoppers . Mr Buckley broke his wrist and thigh bones after crashing to the floor in the aisle -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He died in intensive care three months later due to complications associated with his injuries , the court was told . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .