If you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom . From red walls to bright white lightbulbs and clutter under the bed , there are many things you may never have considered that are preventing you from getting a good night 's rest . A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room . Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out . If you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom . Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber . You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack . Read on for a detailed breakdown of your step-by-step guide to perfect bedtime feng shui . FURNITURE ARRANGEMENTS . Ninety-one per cent of Britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep . Though we often do n't realise , our surroundings affect us in powerful ways . So arrange your bedroom to comfort your body and relax your mind . According to Made.com 's tips below : 1 . Install a ceiling fan . The ideal temperature for sleep is 18-21C . 2 . Open a window just a crack to let air circulate . 3 . Add blinds and thick , dark curtains to keep the light out . 4 . Plush rugs and cushions muffle noise . 5 . Create symmetry matching pairs . 6 . Add plants , art or photos of nature and natural materials . 7 . Eliminate clutter by investing in cabinets , drawers and storage . 8 . Ditch the TV . Fill your space with something beautiful . We spend nearly a third of our lives sleeping . Yet many people do n't realise just how sensitive our bodies are during these vital hours of rest . The space we sleep in has a huge effect on the quantity and quality of our sleep - and therefore the quality of our waking lives . After all , when we 're not properly rested , our brainpower , digestion , reflexes and much more suffers . Better interior design really can help you get a better night 's sleep . SLEEP EXPERTS SAY ... LIGHTING THE PATH TO REST . Our bodies have evolved to respond to ambient light . Warm hued rays from the setting sun signal that it 's time to sleep , while blue daylight releases hormones to make us alert . Now that we live much of our lives under artificial light , we must mirror these natural light spectrums to keep our circadian rhythms in harmony . According to the infographic , try shutting off computers , TVs and smartphones before going to bed . Make sure your bedroom is in complete darkness , and us low-wattage bulbs after sundown . Avoid blue lights and use lamps with warm yellow , gold or reddish light . THE PSYCHOLOGY OF COLOUR . Just as bright red signals danger in nature , all colours have an impact on our psychology . So paint and decorate your bedroom in soothing hues for better sleep and deeper relaxation . Blues , greens and greys are said to reduce heart rate , lower blood pressure , and promote better sleep . But reds , yellows and oranges increase heart rate and blood pressure so discourage relaxation . PILLOWS AND MATTRESSES : BETTER BEDDING . From the way it feels on your skin to the way it traps allergens to the way it aligns our spines , bedding has a tremendous impact on sleep . If you 're a side sleeper , use a firm pillow to get a good night 's rest . But , if you like to lie on your back , a medium-firm pillow will promote the best quality shut-eye - for those snoozing on their fronts , a soft pillow is recommended . According to the infographic , the average person move 40-60 times during the night - and so it 's recommended to change a mattress every seven to eight years .