Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 . Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association but it is as chairman of Everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered . Under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners ' Cup , which is still the Toffees ' only piece of continental silverware . Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Phillip Carter passed away on Thursday . He was 87 . Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the Football Association . ` Everton Football Club is deeply saddened to announce that Sir Philip Carter has passed away , ' read an Everton statement . ` Sir Philip died peacefully at home on Thursday morning after a short illness . ` He served Everton with immense distinction over three spells . ` At this time it would be appreciated if everyone can please respect the family 's wish for privacy . ' Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 . Bill Kenwright said Carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for . ` Words can not describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian , ' Kenwright said . ` Sir Philip was simply a giant ... a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for . I never once met him without calling him Chairman . I never will . ` That title was his by right . He will always have a major place in our great club 's history . To his wondrous Lady Rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life . ' Bill Kenwright , Chairman of Everton Football Club , said : ` Words can not describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian . Sir Philip was simply a giant ... a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for . I never once met him without calling him Chairman . I never will . That title was his by right . He will always have a major place in our great club 's history . To his wondrous Lady Rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life . ' Roberto Martinez , Manager of Everton Football Club , said : ` This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian . Sir Philip was an incredible custodian of the Club , a pure gentleman and a man I feel really fortunate to have met , for I learnt much about the essence of Everton from him . From my earliest days here , I was able to sit down and chat with Sir Philip at Finch Farm . He was generous with his time and with his recollection of so many of the experiences he went through as Chairman . Some of those moments had been extremely difficult but , ultimately , his guiding hand contributed to some of the Club 's greatest successes and , for me personally , the conversations we shared will always give me guidance in terms of the future that we are trying to build for Everton . ` As a man , he was an example for every Evertonian . He took pride in all aspects of our Club , he loved the community in which we are rooted and he was an Evertonian through and through . I got a real sense and understanding of Everton from the time I was able to spend with him and I am especially grateful for this . He will forever be part of the history of this great Club . ' Robert Elstone , Chief Executive of Everton Football Club , said : ` In the last few hours , the world of football has been moved to express great sadness , great admiration and , above all else , great respect for Sir Philip Carter . In such a short space of time , the number of people who have been moved to contact me , and the Club , and the depth of feelings expressed , sums up the great man . One text reads , `` true gentlemen and the perfect embodiment of the values of Everton '' . They are right . ` Sir Philip was part of a small family of highly respected and universally loved ` football men ' ; a man who shaped the Game , a man who shaped Everton , and a man who , over the past year , almost everyone I have met has asked about . ` On a personal level , he was a mentor , a confidant , a voice of reason but more than all of that , with his amazing wife , a great friend . Sir Philip left a lasting impression on anyone who entered the Everton Boardroom . He will leave one on me . ' Denise Barrett-Baxendale , Chief Executive of Everton In The Community and Deputy Chief Executive of Everton Football Club , said : ` Today is an unbelievably sad day for everybody at Everton Football Club and for everybody at Everton In The Community . Sir Philip was the ultimate community man - a gentleman , a people 's man , someone with wisdom , character , distinction and strong , abiding principles . What he did for this Club , this city , this community , this country has left a lasting legacy . But today we feel bereft . Our thoughts are with his family - the incredible Lady Rita , his children and grandchildren . We are all devastated by his passing . '