A prolific gang of thieves who carried out early morning raids on multi-million pound mansions to steal cash , jewellery and luxury cars have been jailed for a total of 17 years . Mohammed Alam , Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary ` like a job , a profession , ' raiding houses in affluent west London , Herfordshire and Surrey . Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes , taking a Ferrari , Porches , Minis , paintings and cash worth £ 1million , often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking . Sayed Juied , 32 , and Sadek Miah , 31 , were jailed for six years each after admitting to raiding 21 muti-million pound homes in west London , Hertfordshire and Surrey . The gang were undeterred by security systems , officers said , instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding . If they found that valuables were locked in a safe inside , they would simply cut the safe out , before cracking it open later . Officers first began hunting the group in July last year after a raid on a £ 2.6 million house in Somerset Road , Wimbledon , next door to the Lawn Tennis Association . Mohammed Alam , 26 , was give five years . Police said the gang treated robbery as ` a profession ' , surveying properties before they struck . The raiders smashed in a back window before ransacking the property , taking keys to a £ 30,000 Porsche Cayenne and a £ 20,000 Mini Cooper , along with £ 13,000 of jewellery and electrical items . The house was so badly damaged the owners also had to foot a £ 13,000 repair bill . A week later the gang struck two neighbouring homesin Putney , including one £ 4.6 million house , taking jewellery worth £ 38,700 , and a Porsche Cayenne worth £ 75,000 . Continuing their all-night burglary spree , they hit another Putney home where they stole a personalised Ferrari worth £ 280,000 , a matching Cayenne worth £ 130,000 , and a painting worth nearly £ 50,000 . Jewellery worth £ 8,600 was taken along with £ 1,400 in foreign notes was taken from a house in Kingston Hill during another raid in July . In another burglary in Kingston Hill last July , the back patio doors were forced open while the homeowners were away and the alarm system was smashed . Jewellery worth £ 8,600 was taken along with £ 1,400 in foreign currency . Three homes in Arthur Road , Wimbledon , were targeted between December 2013 and July last year , with damage caused to front doors and property worth £ 500 taken during one raid . Police tracked the trio after staff at the All England Club , home to the Wimbledon tennis championships , caught their car on CCTV . They passed the details to the Metropolitan Police , who found that the car had been rented by Alam , 26 , from Unxbridge , who had used his real name . That in turn led them to Juied , 32 , and Miah , 31 , both from Maida Vale , west London . When police arrested the trio they found multiple Google searches on their computers on how to disable alarm systems and CCTV , and how to crack open safes . The gang took cars , cash , jewellery , electricals and paintings worth a total of £ 1million over the course of 11 months . Among their haul were two Porche Cayennes -LRB- pictured -RRB- worth a total of £ 205,000 . During one raid at a £ 2.6 million opposite the All England Lawn Tennis Association in Wimbledon , the raiders made off with a £ 20,000 Mini Cooper -LRB- pictured -RRB- along with a Porsche , cash and jewels . The gang admitted conspiring to commit the burglaries , and were jailed for a total of 17 years at Kingston Crown Court on Wednesday . Alam was given five years behind bars , while Juied and Miah were both given six-year prison terms . Detective Sergeant Dan Mitchell , from Merton burglary team , said : ` They would conduct reconnaissance on big detached houses in really affluent neighbourhoods and then break in . ` They were quite an unusual team , they were not deterred at all by CCTV and alarm systems , that 's how they thought somewhere was a worthwhile target . ` They would smash the alarm box as soon as they got in . They would go straight for the safe and try and take the whole safe out , the main thing they wanted was cash . ` They were treating it as a job , a profession . They 're the most professional team I have worked on . '