Muhammad Naviede , 60 , -LRB- pictured outside the Old Bailey in 1995 -RRB- was killed instantly in a plane crash . A banking fraudster with links to Cherie Blair was killed instantly in a plane crash minutes after he sent a text saying his aircraft was going down , an investigation has revealed . Muhammad Naviede , who was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £ 45million fraud , died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire . The 60-year-old , whose daughter is a former X-Factor contestant , sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash on August 20 last year saying : ` I 'm in a plane out of control and it 's going down . ' An investigation by the Air Accident Investigation Branch -LRB- AAIB -RRB- said the message was ` unusual ' as the leased plane did not enter a spin until after it was sent . The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text - something the AAIB said would require ` considerable dexterity ' . The report said : ` The pilot had accumulated considerable experience in a variety of aircraft in the years that he had been flying . He was familiar with the Piper Tomahawk aircraft and was in recent flying practice . ` It was suggested in his final text message that he had lost control of the aircraft , to such an extent that he did not expect to survive . ` However , after this message was sent , the aircraft continued in flight for more than two minutes , before entering a spin from which it did not recover . ' Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash . Mr Naviede , of Regent 's Park , London , had previously undertaken aerobatic training , meaning he ` would have recognised , and been able to recover from , a spin ' , according to the AAIB . The investigation also revealed the father-of-two had not booked a final destination for the fatal flight . Mr Naviede , whose personal wealth was once estimated to be £ 117million , was the former head of trade finance company Arrows , which collapsed owing more than £ 100 million to overseas banks and other creditors in 1991 . He was the father of model and 2007 X-Factor contestant Raquelle Gracie , who was in girl band Hope , and had a record with Pharrell Williams . The girls initially auditioned for the fourth series as solo artists but judge Louis Walsh told them to re-audition as a band and they made it to the live shows where they came fifth . His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire in August last year . The pilot had written a 148 character text within 25 seconds - something the Air Accident Investigation Branch said would require ` considerable dexterity especially in an aircraft that may have been out of control ' Ms Gracie , who is married with an 18-month-old daughter , is now a yoga teacher and continues to sing after previously hosting an online news and gossip series on website Dipdive , created by will.i.am . His brother was the former Government race advisor Nighat Awan , who entertained Mrs Blair at her multi-million pound home in Cheshire in 2004 . In 1995 , a jury at the Old Bailey convicted him of seven charges of fraudulent trading , obtaining property and services by deception and making false statements to obtain bank facilities . On the day of the crash , Mr Naviede had flown the Piper PA-38 Tomahawk from Elstree , Hertfordshire , to Turweston Aerodrome before heading on to White Waltham airfield near Maidenhead , Berkshire . He was then due to return to Elstree , but at 4.55 pm Mr Naviede telephoned the aerodrome to say he would not be returning that day and did not book an alternative destination . The plane took off from White Waltham shortly after 5 pm , heading north , and when he was just south of Buckingham , he began to fly in a circle for almost an hour at between 2,500 ft and 4,700 ft. His daughter Raquelle Gracie -LRB- far right -RRB- came fifth in the 2007 series of the X Factor with girl band Hope . It was at this time he made a number of calls on his mobile telephone and at 6.31 pm he unsuccessfully tried to call the relative who he then sent the final text to . Investigators suggested that two minutes later he still had ` at least control of lateral flight ' . The aircraft then turned to the left as the pilot sent out a ` Mayday ' distress call , saying : ` Lost control of the aircraft and it 's gone into a spin . ' Mr Naviede then confirmed his location to the controller before saying : ` I ca n't control it . ' Mr Naviede 's brother was former Government race advisor , Nighat Awan , who entertained Mrs Blair at her multi-million pound home in Cheshire in 2004 . The AAIB report said : ` It was apparent , from the witness accounts and the on-site evidence , that the aircraft had entered a spin from which it did not recover . ` The time elapsed during the pilot 's final radio transmissions , together with the rate of descent deduced from the NASA videos , suggested that the spin was likely to have started from a minimum height of 2,500 ft , and probably higher . ' The report also highlighted strange aspects of Mr Naviede 's behaviour on the day , although people who spoke to him said he appeared ` chatty , friendly and relaxed ' . Investigators wrote : ` There were a number of events which took place in the course of the afternoon which represented unusual actions on the part of the pilot . ` It appears the pilot made a change of intended destination prior to leaving White Waltham . ` Having booked out for Elstree he subsequently called them to advise he would not be returning there . He did not book out to any other destination . ` After departing White Waltham and flying north for about half an hour , he flew in a large circular pattern for almost an hour . ` Although somewhat unusual , this may be explained by the need to re-charge the aircraft battery . ' Mr Naviede , who had more than 3,000 hours of flying experience , died instantly in the crash and a post-mortem examination carried out on his body revealed he died as a result of multiple injuries . A date has not been set for an inquest but it is likely to take place in May with a jury .