A young fashion designer who needed 26 stitches to her face after it was allegedly smashed into a glass table-top by a police officer is suing him and his force for $ 4million . Ariana Mason , 21 , claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a Las Vegas hotel . After filing a civil rights lawsuit against Officer Shawn Izzo and the Metropolitan Police Department , , she told reporters yesterday : ` What happened to me was wrong and I do n't want it to happen to anybody else . ' Scroll down for video . Tearful : Ariana Mason , 21 , relives her ordeal to reporters yesterday . Scars said to be from the attack on her by a police officer last summer can be seen on her chin . Two of her teeth were also broken , she says . Ariana was flanked by her parents , Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck , New Jersey , plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts - and her lawyer Brent Bryson as she relived her ordeal . It was caught on CCTV cameras at The Mirage hotel casino on Las Vegas 's strip . According to Ariana 's lawsuit , she was subjected to excessive force at the hotel while she was being arrested shortly before 3 am on August 16 last year . The lawsuit also noted that Ariana is African-American and Izzo is white . Ariana , who cried while talking to reporters yesterday , told them : ` I just feel as if the color of my skin was different , this would n't have happened to me . ' Sombre : Ariana looks on as her lawyer holds up a photograph from last August of her battered face . Lawyer Brent Bryson said his young client had 26 stitches after her face was rammed into a glass table-top . Ariana Mason 's aunt is Rolonda Watts , the television and radio talk show host . She is best known for hosting the eponymous Rolonda , an internationally syndicated talk show which aired from 1994 to 1997 . With scars clearly visible on her chin , she recalled how she had been at an event at The Mirage 's 1 Oak nightclub -- where her boyfriend ` DJ Tech ' was performing . After his set , several people left the club to take pictures in front of the event 's signage , according to Ariana 's account . But during the photo session , a scuffle broke out ` between people associated with the event and security officers ' . Ariana , who was wearing a black dress at the time , claims one of her girlfriends was ` attacked ' by a woman security officer . Ariana said she grabbed the woman 's jacket to move her away . But then Ariana herself was ` attacked ' by Officer Izzo , who approached her from behind . Without warning , she says , he pulled her away and wrapped his forearm around her throat . In the hotel 's CCTV footage , Ariana can be seen being restrained by a police officer , said to be Shawn Izzo . Another camera shows the officer putting Ariana in a chokehold and dragging her across the floor . The young fashion designer said she ` became extremely anxious ' and struggled to breathe during the ` attack ' ` He then threw Ariana to the ground and maintained Ariana in a choke hold and actually drug Ariana by the neck across the floor outside of 1 Oak for several feet , ' claims the lawsuit . The young woman , it says , ` became extremely anxious ' as she struggled to breathe . After she broke free from his grip , she punched him . She said she had no idea he was a police officer because he had n't identified himself to her . ` When he came behind me I did n't know who was attacking me from behind , and all I did was try to defend myself , ' she added . ` I feel as if the way he reacted was completely unnecessary , and it should n't have happened like that . ` He should have had more control under the situation , instead of escalating it and making it ten times worse . ' After breaking free from his grip she punched him -LRB- left -RRB- - but says she had no idea he was a police officer . Ariana 's legs are seen around the officer 's hips in the right of this video still as her face is pressed against the glass-topped table - upon which rests a giant vase of pink and yellow flowers . In the CCTV footage obtained by Ariana 's lawyer , Officer Izzo and others are seen handcuffing her hands behind her back and leading her to a round , marble table with a glass top . She is made to bend over it , and her face is pushed against it several times by a man standing between her outstretched legs . At one point her legs end up around his waist while her head is pressed on the table . Her face was rammed so hard on to the glass that it shattered - and shards embedded in her chin . Two of her teeth were broken , too . A photo of her injuries was shown to reporters by Mr Bryson yesterday . He said his client had needed several operations to repair her face . He added : ` Once Ariana was handcuffed with her hands behind her back , she was not a threat . ' Ariana cried throughout yesterday 's appearance . She claims the color of her skin was a factor in the incident . Ariana had been charged with battery on a protected person but prosecutors dismissed the case last month . She filed an internal affairs complaint but police ratified Izzo 's conduct . Records show that Ariana was one of two people arrested on felony battery on a police officer charges in the incident . Six others were arrested on misdemeanor charges . She admitted she was 20 at the time but said she had ` only two drinks ' during the night out . She added that she had n't been asked for ID when she arrived at the nightclub with her boyfriend . The club 's operator has yet to comment . Ariana 's lawsuit against Izzo and his police department alleges civil rights violations and excessive force and claims he lacked proper training and supervision . Officer Izzo did n't respond to requests yesterday for a comment . Police spokesman Michael Rodriguez said the department did n't comment on litigation .