Paul Scholes believes the turning point of Manchester United 's season came when Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in FA Cup as it allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players . Di Maria was sent off in the Cup tie at Old Trafford after picking up two yellow cards -- one for simulation and one for decent -- and forced the United boss to change his starting line-up . The £ 60million signing missed Manchester United 's impressive 3-0 win over Tottenham in which Marouane Fellaini was one of the stand out players and a result that sparked United 's impressive run of form which has seen them go on and beat Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks . Marouane Fellaini celebrates scoring against Manchester City as United continue their good run of form . Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March . Writing in his Independent column , Scholes said : ` When I look back on the key changes , I still feel that Angel Di Maria 's red card against Arsenal was critical in allowing Van Gaal to build this new-look team . Looking at the side it seems to me to be a triumph of the underdog -- Juan Mata , Marouane Fellaini , Ashley Young . All of whom looked like they could be out the picture at the start of the season and are now having a big impact . ' Despite United 's impressive run of form which has seen them pick up 25 points from their last 10 games -- Scholes says they are still some way off challenging for the title and putting a good run a form together towards the end of the season is not what makes a great team . Juan Mata has been in good form for United in recent games scoring three in his last three games . Paul Scholes says United 's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for . Scholes says United needed to be consistent throughout the season and build up towards the end of the campaign -- and not just turn on the style when they have nothing to play for . He added : ` Amidst all this revival spirit I should point one thing out . United are putting the results together now with the pressure off , to a large extent . They are too far off in the title race -- barring a total collapse from Chelsea -- and the only thing to play for is a Champions League place . How many times over the years have we seen Arsenal turn on the form to get their top four spot at the end of the season when they have no chance of winning the title ? ` It is all well and good being strong in the last three months . The really serious teams are in there from the start and they get stronger before Christmas and then into the run-in . There is a big difference between title form and a late surge for a Champions League place . '