A new restaurant is offering a five-course drink-paired menu stuffed with all the fashionable , nutritional foods you can think of . There 's seaweed and kale puree to start , followed by a reishi mushroom flaxseed cream main course , with a dessert of coconut and blueberry chia pudding - with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa . But this bang on-trend meal is n't fit for human consumption - it 's just for dogs . Scroll down for video . Foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen which opens for one weekend only -LRB- 11 to 12 April -RRB- in Shoreditch , London . Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson . These meals will be served for one weekend only at London 's latest eatery , The Curious Canine Kitchen , a ` holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' . The doggie fine diner is the first of its kind in Britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine and will pop up in Shoreditch , London , on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April . This ticketed charity event is the brainchild of event organiser and spiritual dog trainer Natty Mason who has worked with whole foods , and gluten-free trained chef Emily Stevenson to devise the menus . Ms Mason said : ` I am impassioned to provoke a rethink in healthy canine dining and hope that this event , the first of its kind here , inspires better doggie dinners across the UK ' . For £ 20 a dog , foodie Fidos will be treated to the five-course The Nature Way Tasting Menu for dogs which includes dishes such as textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack -LRB- the chewy dog treat -RRB- with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits . Each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water . Service with a woof ! Your pets will be served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables . The meal will be polished off with a marrow bone from Hill & Szrok , known for its teeth cleaning properties and a ` Fresh Breath ' herbal tea tonic to aid digestion . Human companions will be served an assortment of seven , raw whole food amuses-bouche and a variety of drinks as part of a set Rawsome Tasting Menu which features gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake . Served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables , any leftovers will be available to take home in a doggy bag . All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES , a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos , Peru where Ms Mason regularly volunteers . There will be two seatings each day -LRB- 1 to 3 pm and 3 to 5 pm -RRB- . Doggy foods : Textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits , marrowbone from Hill & Szrok . Doggy drinks : Alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water and Fresh Breath herbal tea tonic to aid digestion . Human food : Gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake . The event takes place at ONE , Unit 1 , 1 Teesdale Street , London , E2 6GF . Tickets cost £ 20 per dog and owner and can be purchased at CuriousCanineKitchen.com . 100 per cent of the proceeds will be donated to charity .