Her top tips to achieving success include trusting your guts , be bold , and never back down . And Jo Burston certainly lives her mantra . The award-winning tech entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business Job Capital - a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management and turned over $ 40 million in its first four years . ` I was running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover and realised I wanted more , ' says Burston . ` I was on a working trip to Melbourne where I was meant to be pitching on behalf of my employer to an investor but I thought , `` I have 15 minutes , I better make the most of it '' . Scroll down for video . Seventh start-up : Australian Entrepreneur Jo Burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business . ` When I walked into the investor 's office he had all these computer screens going and there was this energy in the room , he had this vibrancy . ` So I walked straight to his side of the desk and said `` I 'm going to be here anyway one day so I may as well sit here now . '' ' ` He laughed and said `` who the hell are you ?! '' Six weeks later I started Job Capitol and he became my first investor and mentor . ' 1 . Surround yourself with inspiration . ` Find people that are better at what you do than you . Be around them and up your knowledge all the time . ' 2 . Hire the right people . ` From admin , to tactical , get those who are skilled in areas that you are n't as much . ' 3 . Trust your gut instinct . ` When I 've fallen in a big heap it 's been because I have n't followed my instinct . 4 . Know your numbers . ` When you 're looking for investors , know your financial literacy . They always look at numbers first , then passion and capability of the entrepreneur . 5 . Never give up . ` My mentor always says ` when you 're in the ring , fight until the end . ' So even if you get hit get hit , get back up and be stronger for it . Burston , 43 , has now started eight companies , and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island . She was invited to visit Necker Island with a group other entrepreneurs . High on her bucket-list , she jumped at the chance and it was during alone time with the Virgin mogul that her new project ` Inspiring Rare Birds ' came into being . ` I was very conscious -LSB- of the fact that -RSB- he 's a busy man - you can imagine how many times he gets pitched to in a day , ' says Burston . Burston told Branson and the staff at Virgin Unite about a new business concept she had that focused on the lack of awareness surrounding female entrepreneurs . ` I had taken a film crew to my local high school , Reversby high and talked to girls aged 8-17 about what an entrepreneur was and who came to mind , ' says Burston . ` They said Bill Gates , Mark Zuckerberg and Oprah , but they could n't think of one Australian and most did n't associate entrepreneurs with women . ' The man , the myth , the legend : Burston received wise advice from Branson to : ` Say yes and figure it out later ' Empower entrepreneurs : Burston hopes new venture ` Inspiring Rare Birds ' will empower women in business . ` I was so upset about the whole thing , it became the catalyst for my new business . I wanted to change the perception in Australia to be about recognising women as influential and doing incredible things , both socially and economically . ' Needless to say , Branson and his team were won over and it was n't long before she was flying to London to work with Virgin Unite on the idea further . But before Burston left , she was given some wise words of wisdom from Branson . He taught me to '' ` say yes and work the rest out later , '' and to keep things simple . He can look at the most complex problem and have a simple , well thought out and articulate way of delivering it . ' Inspiration island : Necker Island is Branson 's privately owned island in the British Virgin Islands . Idyllic for ideas : On Necker , Burston says her business concept inspired women and helped launch her brand . Since Necker Island , Burston has gone on to launch her new business venture ` Inspiring Rare Birds ' a philanthropic endeavour she calls a ` business with a beating heart that 's social , sustainable and has a profitable smart heart -LRB- neither non-profit nor capitalistic -RRB- . ' The website Inspiring Rare Birds hosts a range of tools , support and network to help Australian female entrepreneurs reach their full potential . Currently there is a mentor program whereby young entrepreneurs can be connected with senior mentors -LRB- who are captain of industry executives or successful entrepreneurs -RRB- . The program is a collaboration with Virgin Unite , and soon there will be a ` Deal Room ' - an online portal where entrepreneurs can source investors . Start-up success : Burston 's experience has lead to her releasing book to inspire and share success stories . To coincide with the website launch , Burston also published a book ` Rare Birds : Australia 's 50 Influential Women Entrepreneurs ' which she plans to produce annually to spread the word about up and coming success stories . ` My goal now is to aim for a million female entrepreneurs globally by 2020 , ' she says . ` I want someone to be able to ask a little girl what she wants to do and her say she wants to be an entrepreneur , have her own company and change the world . '