The 100th anniversary of the landing of Anzac troops at Gallipoli during World War I has been commemorated by the creation of a freshly minted $ 2 coin . The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers , and the words ` Lest We Forget ' . It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers . They will be in circulation from Monday , but an artist 's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved . Scroll down for video . An artist 's illustration shows the symbolic red poppy design on the new $ 2 coin to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing by the Anzacs . Crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers , and the words ` Lest We Forget ' also appear on the $ 2 coin . One and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks . There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks , as part of a series of commemorative coins that capture the history , service and sacrifice of Australians at war . Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasurer , Kelly O'Dwyer , announced in a statement from Royal Australian Mint on Sunday that Australia 's newest coloured circulating coin will remember the Anzacs . She confirmed the circulating coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mint 's Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program where a collection of commemorative coins capture the history , service and sacrifice of Australians at war . The coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mint 's Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program . ` There will be approximately one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks which will provide an opportunity for the public to be able to secure a keepsake for the Centenary without having to purchase one , ' said Ms O'Dwyer . ` The poppy red colour print which features on the coin makes it even more special and symbolic attracting the public 's attention and encouraging them to find out more about the significance and commemoration of those who served and made sacrifices for our country . ' An artist 's impression shows the flip side of the new $ 2 coin . The Royal Australian Mint CEO Ross MacDiarmid said that the Mint is one of two mints in the world which produces colour print on circulating coins and the team have worked hard to ensure the integrity of the design is upheld . ` When working with such a significant theme like the Anzac Centenary we take a lot of care in making sure the design and colour application is appropriate for the theme , ' said Mr MacDiarmid . ` For us to produce a coin that actually has such significance to the this country makes us very proud . ' Royal Australian Mint CEO Ross MacDiarmid says a lot of work went into making sure the coin design was appropriate .