Hilary Border , 54 , stole £ 20,000 from her dementia-stricken mother , pictured outside Nottingham Crown Court . A ` wicked ' daughter who stole £ 20,000 from her dementia-stricken mother and spent it on herself instead of paying care home fees has been spared jail . Hilary Border , 54 , from Newark , Nottinghamshire , had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother Dorothy 's affairs when her health deteriorated . The mother-of-three was required to pay £ 300-a-week for the 83-year-old 's care but when it doubled to £ 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all . Care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £ 16,000 debt over two years before reporting her to police . She pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £ 20,000 between October 2012 , and November 20 last year , despite the fact that prosecution said it was £ 39,500 . Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years , at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday . Judge Andrew Hamilton said : ` You stole money from your mum . You were trusted to be her power of attorney to deal with her money . ` It was wicked to steal from someone who was in a care home . ` The owners of the care home seem to have taken pity on your mum . Others might not have been so charitable . ` She has dementia and does n't appreciate the wickedness of her daughter , how you have betrayed her trust and stolen her money . ' Border was also made subject of an eight-month home curfew and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work . The court heard Border 's mother suffered from angina , sclerosis of the liver and seriously low blood pressure . Defence attorney Ian Way said Border had taken a small amount of money to ease financial pressures in her own life and the fraud had then escalated . He added : ` She is 54 , of good character . ` She is thoroughly ashamed for what she has done and full of self-loathing . . ' Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years , at Nottingham Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- yesterday .