Jessica Ennis-Hill has begun communication with the IAAF in the aim of being rewarded with World Championship gold from 2011 after champion Tatyana Chernova was exposed as a drug cheat . In January Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships . The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011 -- just 16 days before she beat Ennis by 129 points in the heptathlon in Daegu , South Korea . Tatyana Chernova -LRB- left -RRB- failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in South Korea in 2011 . Ennis-Hill believes it is unfair that Chernova was banned but allowed to keep her world title . Ennis-Hil has written to the IAAF to ask shy Chernova has been allowed to keep her world title . Ennis-Hill , then the defending world champion , had to settle for silver . The following year the Brit took gold in memorable scenes at London 2012 , with Chernova third . Chernova 's ban is due to expire on June 21 -- in time for this year 's World Championships in Beijing in August and , of course , the 2016 Olympics in Rio . ` Obviously I 'm not happy about how the ban has been handled , ' said Ennis-Hill . ` I ca n't really understand it myself . I 've spoken to British Athletics and the IAAF and I am putting my faith to look into it a bit more . ` I ca n't understand how that is fair . It 's so frustrating -- although frustration is n't a strong enough word , because you train hard for all those years and then people do things like that . It does n't seem like she has served a ban . ` I think we need to be strict and if you are cheating , you 're out . I do n't think you should be allowed to come back and keep your medals . It does n't seem fair . ' Research carried out by the University of Oslo in October 2013 established that muscles can retain the advantages given by anabolic steroids for years , even decades after the moment at which they were taken . Ennis-Hill suggested she may have suspected Chernova but could not have allowed herself to think about anything other than her competition . ` You might think things but you ca n't really say anything , you just get on with what you are doing and you ca n't cast aspersions until something comes out , really , ' she said . ` That was a really funny competition for me because it was the year before the Olympics and I felt really ready . ` I just thought I could win the gold medal , and I came away with a silver . So I was disappointed . I was thinking , `` Is this how it will go into the Olympics ? '' ` It gave me that extra push in a way , having that silver . But at the same time I could have been double world champion . It 's a weird one . But I definitely want that medal . We 've had communications with the IAAF just to see how that ban works . ' Ennis-Hill praised the work done to uncover transgressions , such as the German documentary about institutionalised doping in Russia . But admitted it left a ` dampener ' on the sport . Earlier this year Russia 's athletics head coach Valentin Maslakov resigned after a number of athletes from the country were found guilty of committing doping offences . Chernova celebrates the gold medal she took ahead of Ennis-Hill a year before the London Olympic games . Ennis Hill -LRB- right -RRB- says the silver made her more determined to take gold at the Olympics , which she did . Ennis-Hill also criticised Nike 's choice to sponsor two-time drugs cheat Justin Gatlin . ` Hopefully things are being done about it and it wo n't keep progressing on to years down the line , ' she added . Ennis-Hill also criticised Nike 's decision to award two-time drugs cheat Justin Gatlin a new sponsorship deal . ` Again , frustrating more than anything , ' she said . ` You see people cheating and they are rewarded for it down the line . I just do n't think it 's fair . At the same time you do n't want to get too wrapped up in it because I ca n't control what sponsors do with athletes . But it 's hard to read stories like that . ' Jessica Ennis trains in the adidas Climachill apparel range designed with advanced fabric for maximum cooling , and the adidas Ultra Boost trainers . Both available at www.adidas.co.uk .