Curtis Stone 's image has always been of the affable Aussie who loves to cook , but when it comes to his kids there 's some food that he just wo n't allow them to eat no matter what . The celebrity chef , who lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys , Hudson aged three and seven-month-old Emerson , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths . ` Someone said to me on a TV show in America '' but how do you stop your kid from eating hot dogs ? '' I 'm like that 's pretty easy , my kid has never eaten a hot dog because it 's full of s *** , ' he says . Scroll down for video . Healthy living : Curtis Stone and his actress wife Lindsay Price have two boys , Hudson , 3 , and Emerson , 7 months . The celebrity chef -LRB- pictured with his wife Lindsay and son Hudson -RRB- is adamant that his children should eat healthily . ` I do n't want him to have all the nitrates and c *** that 's in a hot dog . ` Of course one day he will be invited to a party at a fast food restaurant and I 'm not going to say no , you can live a life of course , but you are in charge of his day to day . ' Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food . He also does n't hold back about giving his opinion when parents say their kids would rather eat junk food and not fruit and vegetables -- it 's because the parents let them do it . The one thing you 'll not find in the Stone household is this - a hot dog with all the trimmings . Stone 's new cookbook , Good Food , Good Life contains photos of him cooking and gardening with wife Lindsay throughout the book . ` Your kid is going to embrace whatever you expose them to , right , that 's just a fact of life , ' he says . ` People tell you , `` no , no my kid likes this or my kid likes that '' . My opinion is ; that 's just not accurate . ' The 39-year-old is back in Australia to visit family and promote his new cookbook , Good Food , Good Life . Photos of Stone cooking and gardening with Hudson feature throughout the book , which the chef has dedicated to his eldest son . Originally from Melbourne , Stone made a name for himself outside his homeland by hosting US television series Take Home Chef . When he returns to LA Stone will be back in the kitchen at his 25-seat restaurant Maude , named after his grandmother , which focuses on one key ingredient each month . Since the eatery opened in February last year , it has been named LA Weekly 's Best New Restaurant and Eater LA 's Restaurant of the Year . Originally from Melbourne , Stone made a name for himself outside his homeland by hosting Take Home Chef , which originally was broadcast on TLC in the United States , and went on to become an international success . He and wife Lindsay have two boys , Hudson , 3 , and Emerson , 7 months .