A new Islamic fatwa in Turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet . A new Islamic fatwa in Turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . The set of rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves , called the Qadaa al-Haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented . Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible . The code also states that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet and should enter with their left foot and leave with their right , speaking a prayer . The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit . The new announcement , reported by Hurriyet Daily News , stated : ` If water can not be found for cleansing , other cleaning materials can be used . ' ` Even though some sources deem paper to be unsuitable as a cleaning material , as it is an apparatus for writing , there is no problem in using toilet paper . Last month the Directorate of Religious Affairs had also relaxed rules on around the use of products containing alcohol - as long as they were not consumed . Hand sanitizes and other similar products used for hygiene products are now halal . ` While it is forbidden to drink substances containing alcohol that were produced for cleaning purposes , it is acceptable to use them for cleaning , ' Hurriyet Daily News reported . The fatwa stated that places that had been cleaned with the products would not need to be washed again with water prior to performing prayer . A new ruling on begging , stating that anyone who begs and earns money beyond their immediate needs is ` demanding the fire of hell . ' The code , known as Qadaahul Haajah , is part of a set of guideline based on the teachings of the Islamic prophet Muhammad . Although they are not compulsory , many devout Muslims follow the Sunnah teachings . - The rules state Muslims must say before entering the toilet ` In the name of Allah , O Allah ! I seek refuge with You from all offensive and wicked things ' - They must enter with their left foot and leave with their right saying a second prayer ` Praise be to Allah who relieved me of the filth and gave me relief ' - People should not speak , greet anyone else or read while they are relieving themselves . - Muslims should not go to the toilet standing up but should squat or , if necessary , sit . - Followers must not face the direction of Mecca while they go to the toilet or have anything bearing the name of Allah or the Quran on them . - People should relieve themselves out of sight of people and should not look at their own genitals or anyone else 's . - After going to the toilet , Muslims should clean themselves with the left hand and water . - Stones are also permissible , and three stones should be used to wipe themselves . - The hands should then be washed .