On the eve of his 40th birthday , John Hartson has reflected on his battle with cancer and admitted his major health scare forced him to stop drinking as much , battle a gambling addiction and become a loyal husband . Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer which had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 , at age of 33 . In his column in the Scottish Sun , Hartson recalls how he felt ` as good as dead ' upon receiving the news . Former Celtic striker John Hartson -LRB- centre -RRB- has reflected on how cancer made him change his life . Hartson -LRB- right -RRB- was diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 . Hartson admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to after beating cancer . ` When anyone goes through a life-changing experience they say it alters their perspective , ' Hartson wrote . ` I virtually begged for a second chance at life . ` I 'll be honest with you here and now -- I used to be a drinker , a s **** er and a gambler . I 'd have Sunday afternoons on the sauce when I 'd down 11 pints and go home smashed . I was unfaithful to my wife . ' The former Luton , Arsenal , West Ham and Celtic striker admitted cancer forced him to face up to a gambling addiction and he changed his ways as he slowly recovered . ` I would bet on sports I knew nothing about , literally blowing a fortune , as in mine ! That addiction almost killed me . ` But it was cancer that forced me to face up to things and come to a realisation I had to stop . ' Hartson -LRB- left -RRB- played for teams such as Arsenal , West Ham and Celtic during his playing career . Hartson says he loves the settled life he has formed for himself as he approaches his 40th birthday . Hartson added that he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life . ` I 'm older now , though , wiser and more settled in life than I ever thought possible , ' Hartson said . ` I 'd rather go for a quiet meal with Sarah , have a glass of wine and sit talking about the kids . That 's my life now and I love it . '