If you are an aspiring manager in English football and you are black , you get used to one thing : when an opportunity comes your way , it 's going to be the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass . Sorry , but it 's true . With a few exceptions , you do n't get the better opportunities . You get the football version of mopping up the toilets . Chris Ramsey , the only black manager in the Premier League , is a classic example . Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . Chris Ramsey -LRB- right -RRB- and Kevin Hitchcock watch QPR hammer West Brom to keep their survival hopes alive . Ramsey takes nots during his side 's biggest win of the season which gave their survival chances a boost . He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp , a talented , experienced manager with a good track record of rescuing clubs in trouble , saw the writing on the wall and got out . Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it . Before the victory at West Brom , QPR were sliding deeper into trouble and there were already those seeking to blame it on Ramsey . Just as predictably , there were also those saying Ramsey 's struggles were an indication black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance . John Barnes ' troubled reign at Celtic ended after an infamous Scottish Cup defeat by Inverness Caley Thistle . If Ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race . And they will be wrong . Because race was why he had to take the job in the first place . People tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers in the English game . Some got angry again when John Barnes suggested a manager on a bad run will get sacked sooner if he 's black . He was right . The fact Ramsey has been labouring to turn things around at QPR does not mean he is not a good manager . It just means that when your only chance in the game is to accept a hospital pass , the odds are you 're going to get hurt .