A Michelin-starred restaurant burned its first batch of asparagus after the drone flying it in crashed live on TV . Ronald Peijenburg , owner of the De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur , has previously used a Formula 1 racing car , hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable . But the drone , which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks , crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands . Scroll down to video . Crash and burn : The asparagus-delivering drone crashed part-way through its journey to the Dutch restaurant . Special delivery : The first batch of asparagus of the season was placed in a can and attached to a drone . ` You think you have a cool idea with a drone -- how original can you be ? Picking up asparagus with a drone , ' Mr Peijenburg told Netherlands regional broadcaster Omroep Brabant . ` This is very , very sad because it was an amateur pilot , the owner of the drone , who organised this especially for me and brings his own toys . So this was n't supposed to happen of course . ' The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck while the stunt was filmed by a local TV channel . The Dutch restaurant had to settle for a more traditional method of delivery following the crash . Personal drones have surged in popularity with Amazon alone selling 10,000 of them every month . However , learning to fly a drone -- flying devices that often carry cameras and can be navigated remotely by smartphones or controllers -- is something that requires some time and patience say experts . In flight : The drone carrying asparagus tips was flying them to a Michelin-star restaurant in the Netherlands . Up in smoke : The drone operator looks on as the machine crashed into a field as it went to make an asparagus delivery to a top Dutch restaurant . A TGI Friday restaurant in New York launched mistletoe drone to tempt diners into kissing which backfired when a photographer , who was invited to cover the event , was struck in the face by the four-bladed machine . In February , a restaurant chain in Singapore announced that it will start using drones as waiters operating from the kitchen and bar to the dining areas .