A woman who was addicted to energy drinks ballooned to a size 20 after spending £ 11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years . Jade Wimsey , 24 , from Goole , East Yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than £ 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories . Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6 lb . She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good . Jade Wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day . ` I never associated energy drinks with gaining weight . I did n't really consider the hidden calorie or sugar content in them , ' said Jade , who runs a blog called girlupnorth.co.uk . ` In fact , some energy drinks brands say the beverage speeds up your metabolism so I figured it was alright for me ! ' Jade 's weight made her the victim of cruel jibes by male customers at the bar she worked at . She was even humiliated for her size by bullies on Facebook . ` I would down so many cans per day without thinking about it . Ditching energy drinks - alongside a healthy eating plan - made an astonishing difference to my weight . ' Growing up , Jade had always lived a healthy lifestyle , eating home-cooked meals prepared by her mother . But that changed after she started university . Living away from home , Jade soon developed a taste for fast food and became hooked on energy drinks . Jade has reached her goal weight of 11 stone 6.5 lbs after losing six stone from kicking her fizzy habit . ` Like most university students when they leave home for the first time , I started eating more takeaways and ready meals . ` Around the same time , I also discovered energy drinks . I loved the sweet taste of them and the caffeine kick they gave . ` Soon , I was relying on cans of the stuff to get me through the day . It got to the point where an energy drink was the first thing I drank when I got out of bed in the morning . ` I would insist on a can with every meal and then have a few extra as a snack . ` If I was driving , I 'd down an energy drink . Then when I 'd stopped at the petrol station , I 'd pick up two more cans of the stuff . ` I would buy a can whenever I could get hold of one . If there was an offer on energy drinks , I would stock up on them . ` I could easily spend £ 10.50 on cans per day . ' The 24-year-old from Yorkshire became the victim of cruel jibes as she ballooned to nearly 18 stone . In September 2013 , she joined Slimming World , began a healthy diet and cut out energy drinks for good . Consuming between five to seven energy drinks every day , Jade piled on the pounds . She went from being a slim size 12/14 to a size 18 . ` In my head , I thought it was fine to drink so many energy drinks . I never thought it would have any impact on my weight . ` But in reality , I was slurping all these empty calories . ' Jade 's fizzy beverage habit continued after she left university . Her graduate job as a bar supervisor allowed her to slurp energy drinks throughout the day . ` When I was working at the bar during the weekend , I would drink about seven energy drinks in a shift . ` I could take a can from the bar whenever I wanted and it helped me get through a busy night shift . ' Jade was drinking so many cans of energy drinks that it became a running joke with friends and family . She explained : ` My mates at work were always commenting about how many cans I had . ` Most of my family knew that I was really quite addicted to them too . ' By the age of 22 , Jade 's weight had crept up to size 20 and her shape was affecting her confidence . ` I resigned myself to being the ` fat one ' in my group of slim friends . I did n't like going out because I felt uncomfortable in clothes and I could n't find anything that fitted me . ` My size stopped me from living my life to the full and socialising as much as I would have liked to . ' ` I never associated energy drinks with gaining weight . I did n't really consider the hidden calorie or sugar content in them , ' said Jade . Jade 's weight also made her the victim of nasty comments and jibes . ` I felt self-conscious about how big I was , ' she said . ` Working at the bar , a lot of the other female staff were bought drinks by male customers . But no one ever bought me a drink because I guess people thought I was unattractive . ` There were also a few occasions when men at the bar made unpleasant remarks about my appearance . ` But the final straw was when I came across someone 's cruel Facebook status about me ` never having my head out of the fridge ' . ` I was hurt but I decided that I was going to make changes in my life so that nobody could ever make me feel that way again . ' As she started losing the weight , Jade started to get compliments and told she smiled a lot more now . The awful incident forced Jade to face her weight gain head-on . In September 2013 , she joined Slimming World , began a healthy diet and cut out energy drinks for good . She explains : ` From the get-go , I decided I would go cold turkey on energy drinks . ` Quitting was difficult at first , I experienced a dip in energy and waking up in the morning without my normal kick was tough . ` But I found ways to cope with the withdrawal symptoms . For instance , I would keep a few healthy snacks with me when I was working a long shift at the bar so I would n't turn to a can . ` And I also really enjoyed the Slimming World diet . I felt I was eating delicious , homemade food again . ' The pounds fell away and within four months , Jade had lost 2.5 stone . ` I started getting compliments about how I looked and friends started commenting about how much more I smiled now . ' Snacks and drinks . 5 to 7 cans of energy drink per day and a chocolate bar . Breakfast . Chocolate biscuit or bar . Lunch . White bread sandwich and crisps . Dinner . Takeaway or ready meal . Snacks and drinks . Water and Diet Coke . Breakfast . Yoghurt and fruit . Lunch . Wholemeal sandwich with a side of cherry tomatoes or pickled baby beetroot . Dinner . Spaghetti bolognese . Jade went cold turkey on her energy drink addiction . She said she has more energy now than ever before ! In January this year , Jade reached her goal weight of 11 stone and 6.5 lbs and she loves her new-found confidence . ` I feel like myself again . I actually want to go out and socialise now whereas before I 'd think of any excuse to stay at home . ` I get drinks bought for me when I 'm working at the bar now too ! ' Jade - who is married to pub landlord , Jason , 44 - wants to help others lose weight through her blog . She explains : ` I feel the sky is the limit now . I would love to travel and help others in their weight-loss journeys . ` I have more energy now than I ever had when I was drinking all those energy drinks ! '