The orchid is one of the most unique and instantly recognisable flowers in the world . It has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal , to attract insects - but the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known , until now . Researchers have found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins and by tweaking them , they can convert this lip into a standard petal . The orchid -LRB- an example of which is pictured -RRB- has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal , to attract insects - but the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known , until now . The study , published in the journal Nature Plants , extends scientists ' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchid flowers . There are between 21,950 and 26,049 accepted species of Orchid , most of which have a large and irregular modified petal , called the lip , in addition to three ` normal ' petals . The structure of orchids is unique among floral plants . They also have three sepals , which sometimes look like other petals , and a single column at the centre which is used during reproduction . Researchers have found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins . They converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . Conversion of lips into sepal/petal-like structures in Oncidium and Phalaenopsis orchids is shown . Orchids have three sepals , which sometimes look like other petals , and a single column at the centre . Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them , which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers , by promoting reproduction . To discover why the flowers developed their distinctive lips , researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . They found that in mature orchid flowers , the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes , called the ` L' complex and the ` SP ' complex , compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals . The have called this mechanism the Perianth code and discovered that orchid species from many subfamilies with different types of lips and petals all obey it . The experts were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing . Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them , which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers , by promoting reproduction . Lips are differently coloured , ruffled or pouch-shaped , depending on the species , and can be decorated with horns , hairs , warts , teeth and tails to attract specific pollinators . These range from bees to flies , gnats , moths , butterflies , hummingbirds and even bats in some tropical climates . To discover why the flowers developed their distinctive lips , Chang-Hsien Yang and his colleagues from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . They found that in mature orchid flowers , the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes , called the ` L' complex and the ` SP ' complex , compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals . The have called this mechanism the Perianth code and discovered that orchid species from many subfamilies with different types of lips and petals all obey it . The experts were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing . The scientists studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . They found that in mature orchid flowers , two protein complexes , called the ` L' complex -LRB- red -RRB- and the ` SP ' complex -LRB- blue -RRB- , compete to form the lip and petals . This competition and balancing act is illustrated above . The pastel-coloured orchid mantis has fascinated naturalists for more than a century . It was popularly thought that the insect , whose legs are flattened and heart-shaped to resemble petals , simply mimics an orchid , allowing it to ` hide ' and catch prey . But earlier this year , scientists suggested that the mantis does n't simply blend into flowers , but is attractive to insects in its own right , sometimes preferring to remain more easily visible on leaves . It was popularly thought that the orchid mantis -LRB- pictured -RRB- , whose legs are flattened and heart-shaped to resemble petals , simply mimics an orchid , allowing it to ` hide ' and catch prey . Dr James O'Hanlon of Macquarie University , Australia , set about systematically testing the ideas contained within the traditional view of the orchid mantis ' modus operandi . First , his team tested whether mantises actually camouflage among flowers , or , alternatively , attract insects on their own . For a flower-seeking insect , as predicted , the mantis ' colour pattern is indistinguishable from most common flowers . However , when paired alongside the most common flower in their habitat , insects approached mantises more often than flowers , showing that mantises are attractive to insects by themselves , rather than simply camouflaging among the flora . ` We can clearly observe insects , like bees , diverging from their flight paths and flying right towards this deceptive predator , ' Dr O'Hanlon said . When paired alongside the most common flower in their habitat , insects approached mantises more often than flowers , showing that mantises are attractive to insects by themselves , rather than simply camouflaging among the flora . Here , an orchid mantis eats a Tiger heliconian butterfly in Malaysia . They also found that mantises did not choose to hide among the flowers , but selected leaves to sit on , just as often . Sitting near flowers did bring benefits , though , because insects were attracted to the general vicinity . When they compared the mantis 's shape and colour with flowers from an insect 's perspective , the predator did not resemble an orchid or indeed any particular species of flower , but rather a ` generalised ' flower . They may exploit a loophole created by evolutionary efficiency savings within the insect brain . The compact brains of insects use a rule of thumb - anything matching colour X is a nectar-containing flower -- and the predator uses ` sensory exploitation ' to catch its victims . Sensory exploitation is a concentrated mass of the right colour . The insect classifies the mantis as a giant nectar-filled flower and approaches to investigate -- to its doom .