A Utah man was shocked to discover that his ` informal meeting ' with a federal official to discuss veterans was actually with President Barack Obama . Last Friday , 26-year-old Lance Futch donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy . Instead , Futch was sat at a table with Obama , Utah Senator Orrin Hatch , congressman Rob Bishop , and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties . Scroll down for video . Surprise ! : Lance Futch -LRB- right -RRB- was shocked on Friday when his meeting with a Federal White House official about jobs for veterans turned out to be with President Obama . ` I was told that it was going to be an informal event -- that it was going to be business casual , ' Futch told The New York Post on Wednesday . ` If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief , I definitely would have been wearing my blues , ' said the National Guardsman , referring his dress uniform . Futch said he was shocked but honored when the senior official turned out to be Obama . ` That 's just amazing , ' said Futch , describing the experience . The White House had asked Lehi-based company Vivant Solar to send a representative with military affiliation to the base during Obama 's visit last week . The company chose Futch , who designs solar cells and is serving his fourth year in the Utah Air National Guard . Kady Cooper of Vivant Solar told Daily Mail Online that the discussion lasted about 40 minutes and that Obama asked Futch specifically about solar energy as a career path for veterans . He told the president that it 's a growing industry and a great opportunity for a stable career path after the military . ` We 're always going to have a sun , ' Futch told the AP on Wednesday . At the Hill Air Force Base , Obama announced the expansion of solar energy training programs from the current three military bases to a total of 10 . Future for veterans : President Barack Obama , center , participates in a roundtable about clean energy with Lance Futch and other government officials .