Ben Stokes starred with the ball on the first day of England 's warm-up match in St Kitts , but it was the runs of Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott that pleased him most . England dominated against a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI , dismissing them for a paltry 59 inside 27 overs and then compiling 181 for one in reply . The quality of the home batsmen made the first innings seem like little more than a glorified net session , though Stokes still impressed with a lively spell that yielded three wickets for 10 . Alastair Cook plays behind square on his way to an unbeaten 95 in the tour match against a St Kitts ' XI . Cook and teammate Jonathan Trott talk in between overs during the St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI game . More important for England 's Test prospects , though , was the stand of 158 between Cook -LRB- 95 not out -RRB- and Trott -LRB- 72 -RRB- . Both men needed the comfort of big runs , Cook having been axed from the one-day side on the eve of the World Cup and Trott on his first England appearance since November 2013 - a period that has seen him battle a case of situational anxiety . He now has the chance to nail down the role of Cook 's opening partner and made a solid start in admittedly favourable circumstances . ` Trotty and Cooky gave them nothing and it will stand us in good stead for the Test matches , ' said Stokes . Ben Stokes spoke strongly about his team-mates after the two batsmen looked assured at the crease . Stokes had earlier taken three for 10 in an impressive spell with the ball , as England dominated the day . ` The biggest thing for a batsman is time out in the middle . You can do all the training in the nets you want but nothing quite compares to a game and they both did that well today . Trotty has been great , it is almost like he has n't left . To see him go out and score some runs , the way he has been known to for England over the last five years , was really good to see . ' Stokes arguably went over the top in his assessment of Cook 's knock , but with the captain having come under pressure for his lack of major scores , it could yet prove an important effort . Stokes described his captain Cook as one of the best players in the world after his return to form . ` It was fantastic for Cooky too , ' said Stokes . ` He 's been out of the game for a while so to come in and look like the one of the best batsmen in the world , like he once was , was great . The tempo he played at was fantastic and any bad ball he managed to put it away , which was good to see . ' For his part , Stokes looks a certainty to return to the Test side in the Caribbean . Having announced himself as an all-rounder of unusual promise in the 2013-14 Ashes , he saw his glittering rise checked by struggles for form and fitness for long periods last year . He did not even make the cut for the World Cup but now has a chance to prove his credentials once again in the longer form . Trott plays to the offside to reach his fifty during the St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI England tour match . ` It was nice to make an impact back in the first game , even if it was just a warm-up game in an England shirt , ' he said . ` I still had the nerves there and it was pretty pleasing to do well . ` I 'm still working very hard on getting back into the team , which is what I want to do . Hopefully that is just the start . ` I need performances to back that up . To keep my place I know I need to keep performing , which is something I have n't been consistent with since Australia so hopefully I get a chance in the Test matches here and I can build on that . '