Fran Kirby staked an impressive claim for a World Cup starting role with England Women as she created the first goal and scored a brilliant second in a 2-1 win over China . England began in thrilling style , with Kirby fashioning the opener for strike partner Jodie Taylor after just a minute of play . Reading striker Kirby then fired home the second goal of her short international career - this was her eighth cap - to put the home side in apparently full control at Manchester City 's Academy Stadium . Jodie Taylor celebrates following her opening minute strike against China in Manchester . But as 5,665 watched on , England struggled to build on their early assault on the China goal . Wang Shanshan cut China 's arrears after shaky defending , and might have had an equaliser in the second half but mis-kicked as England feared the worst . Kirby , a 21-year-old playing in the second division of the Women 's Super League , was impressive throughout , a nimble-footed presence who China struggled to deal with . She was player of the match when England played the United States in February , and was again arguably a class apart , although this time midfielder Jill Scott took the champagne . Fran Kirby -LRB- left -RRB- is congratulated by her England team-mates after she netted the second goal for his side . China were caught cold when Kirby dribbled the ball down the left and curved a tremendous ball with the outside of her right boot to Taylor , who fired past Zhang Yue for the early opener . The architect turned predator to put the hosts 2-0 in front in the 10th minute , meeting a right-wing cross from Jordan Nobbs with a clever touch on her chest that took out her marker before smashing home from 10 yards . Just two minutes later the lively Reading striker , with 10 goals in her last three club matches , forced Zhang to push away a 20-yard drive . Jade Moore hit the left post after a hopeless kick out from Zhang , and England were rampant . Kirby was in imperious form during the first half as she created the first goal and scored the second . That changed once China cut the deficit after 16 minutes , with hesitant defending at a corner allowing Wang to head past Siobhan Chamberlain from close range . Chamberlain had to save well to turn away a free-kick from Li Dongna before the break , with defensive insecurities becoming a worrying feature of England 's game . This was England 's last home game before Mark Sampson 's squad head to Canada in May , ahead of a World Cup campaign that begins against France in Moncton on June 9 . England made their first change after 61 minutes as Toni Duggan , on her home ground , replaced Jade Moore . Shanshan Wang races away to celebrate after she pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute . Kirby almost created a third goal but her cutback after a run down the left went just astray of white shirts . Alex Greenwood prodded a corner just over the China bar , and Duggan headed at Zhang , as chances began to arrive more frequently for England . Kirby departed , with the experienced Eni Aluko taking her place , Wang missed her sitter , and England clung on , the world 's sixth-ranked team fending off a side rated 16th globally by FIFA . Ellen White , introduced in stoppage time , won her 50th cap .