US aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a Pennsylvania town . Several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of West Pittston in Luzerne County on Monday morning . Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead , and have complained to the Federal Aviation Administration -LRB- FAA -RRB- . Paula Viccica believes the debris that landed on her property was expelled from a plane flying overhead . The bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees at the home of Paula Viccica . She told the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Times Leader that she saw pieces of white paper fluttering down from the sky for several minutes . She told the newspaper that local airport officials identified four planes flying overhead around the time she made the discovery . While no human waste was discovered , her 13-year-old daughter , Tori , said there was an odour to the debris after it landed in the garden . The homeowner complained to aviation authorities and wants assurance that it does not pose a danger . Paula told the Times Leader : ` Beyond aesthetics , I 'm concerned with safety . I want our property to be cleaned up and assurance that it does not pose a danger to anyone . ' Other residents in the neighbourhood , about 115 miles north of Philadelphia , were surprised to learn about the discovery . Resident Michael Reiher told Newswatch 16 : ` That 's nuts . I mean , a plane drops stuff out of the sky and onto a yard ? The FAA said lavatory waste is contained in a holding tank that can only be opened from the outside . ` That 's crazy . I have never seen something like that before . ' On its website , the FAA said it investigates all reports , but pointed out that it is ` very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft ' . It said lavatory waste is contained in a holding tank until a plane lands , and the apparatus to access the tank is located on the exterior of the plane . The FAA said that it 's ` physically impossible ' for a pilot to dump a tank while in flight , as it is opened with an exterior lever .