It is the sort of advert to strike fear into any woman . Wanted : Female body double for Sienna Miller . Must have the same body measurements as the Hollywood actress -- give or take a centimetre . But that has n't stopped a hopeful production company putting out a very detailed request that includes , and reveals , every one of Miss Miller 's impressive vital statistics . Specifics : Applicants must meet a strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in , have a 25 1/2 in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36 1/2 and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob , so they look like Sienna Miller . Would-be Siennas hoping to appear in an advert for bottled water should be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25 1/2 in waist , the advert states . Their ` low hip ' measurement should be 36 1/2 in while their ` high hip ' should come in at 35in . Those afflicted with bingo wings will wince at Miss Miller 's ` top arm ' circumference -- a sparrow-like 10in . The casting request even gives details of the 33-year-old 's head and wrist circumferences . The hopeful extra must not have tattoos or body piercings and must be prepared to cut her hair into a messy bob , just like Miss Miller 's . And , if measuring up to these remarkable standards is not enough , the successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga . According to the casting call , the advert , for Austrian water brand Vöslauer , will star Miss Miller and feature a group of girls ` having a laugh while they perform very hard yoga moves in a private class ' . The commercial ` uses the effortless and feminine elegance of the girls to personify the true spirit of Vöslauer ' . Flexible : On top of having the right measurements , applicants must be be able to do a host of yoga moves like the bridge -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Sought-after position : Sienna Miller wannabees should be good at yoga stances including the scorpion . Moves : As well as having the right measurements and being prepared to chop their hair into a messy bob , applicants must also be able to do yoga moves including the side crow -LRB- left -RRB- and lotus -LRB- right -RRB- . Candidates are required to demonstrate their yoga skills in the audition , with filming due to start in London shortly . Required yoga poses include the ` side crow ' , where the stand-in must balance on his or her forearms . The clones are also required to demonstrate the ` bridge ' , ` lotus ' , ` warrior ' , ` wild thing ' and the ` scorpion ' , which sees the legs curl over the head in a potentially hospitalising move . The fee for the body double is set at just £ 500 . Curiously , however , a separate casting call for the same advert , this time for a male yogi required to do the same moves but without looking like Miss Miller , sets the fee at £ 1,500 . Vöslauer Water , Austria 's answer to Evian , bills itself as coming from the country 's ` oldest fountain of youth ' . The spring is said be more than 20,000 years old and to have its source 2,000 ft underground . Previous adverts for the brand have featured fellow Hollywood actress Keira Knightley and models Claudia Schiffer , Cindy Crawford and Agyness Deyn .