Finding your lost Android phone is now as simple as searching for a nearby restaurant or transport route . Google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ` find my phone ' on the site 's homepage . It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed , and it appears to only work when you 're signed into your Google account on Chrome - although this has n't been confirmed . Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ` find my phone ' on the search engine 's homepage -LRB- animated -RRB- . It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . The same Google account must be signed into on the phone . The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google + page . It said : ` We 've all been there - you 've searched under your car seat , tossed around the sofa cushions and you still ca n't find your phone . ` If you know where your computer is you can now ask Google to find your Android phone from your desktop . To locate a lost phone , sign into a Google account on Chrome and type ` find my phone ' into the search engine . A map -LRB- pictured -RRB- appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . The phone 's location is shown and clicking ` Ring ' will remotely call the handset . Google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . Users will need to install the Android Device Manager -LRB- ADM -RRB- app -LRB- pictured -RRB- if they want these features . Both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes . ` If the pesky phone is hiding nearby , Google can ring it for you - or you can see it on the map if you , say , forgot it at the bar . ` Just make sure you 've got the latest version of the Google app ! ' Install the latest Google Android app . To locate a lost phone , sign into a Google account on Chrome via the menu in the top right-hand corner . Type ` find my phone ' either into the address bar - if Google is set as the default search engine - or open Google and type it into the search bar on the site 's homepage . A map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . The phone 's location is then pinpointed and clicking a ` Ring ' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset . Google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data and users will need to install the Android Device Manager -LRB- ADM -RRB- app if they want these features . Both tools override the selected sound profile meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes . To locate a lost phone , sign into a Google account on Chrome via the menu in the top right-hand corner . Type ` find my phone ' either into the address bar - if Google is set as the default search engine - or open Google and type it into the search bar on the site 's homepage . A map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . This prevents people being able to track a person 's phone if the previous user forgets to log out of their Google account on a shared Chrome browser , for example . The phone 's location is then pinpointed and clicking a ` Ring ' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset . Google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . Users will need to install the Android Device Manager -LRB- ADM -RRB- app if they want these features . ADM was launched in August 2013 and works in a similar way to the search tool . It locates a phone on a map , remotely rings and lets users carry out additional security tasks . Both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes , or until it is answered .