A Polish lady was bestowed the enviable opportunity of bottle feeding one of the largest and perhaps most majestic felines in the world -- the jaguar . The woman known only as Goska , has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there . Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , Perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer , while at the Jaguar Breeding Project . Goska spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals . Standing in a doorway , Goska holds a bottle for the large feline , who drinks from it with great enthusiasm . The volunteer holds the jaguar around the neck and gives it cuddles as it sucks the contents from the bottle before seamlessly moving onto another one . Later in the video , Goska is recorded in another location feeding the jaguar -- she leans in and gives it a kiss on the head on this occasion . Goska holds the jaguar around the neck and gives it cuddles as it sucks the contents from the bottle . The large feline drinks with great enthusiasm before seamlessly moving onto another bottle . The video concludes with the Polish volunteer standing in the enclosure with the feline while it sits on a rock and poses for pictures . Goska said : ` During my volunteer at Criadouro Onca Pintada , Jaguar Breeding Project in Brazil I had the amazing opportunity to bottle feed one-year-old jaguar , Perseu . ` I also played , cuddled and kissed him . With time he became my good friend . ' The Polish volunteer spoke highly of the Jaguar and said that ` with time he became my good friend ' The volunteer stands in the enclosure with the feline while it sits on a rock and poses for pictures . The Jaguar Breeding Project is run by the Association for the Research and Conservation of the Wildlife and participates in the preservation and perpetuation of Brazilian wildlife , fauna and flora . The original video was uploaded to YouTube account : Swiatoczamigoski by the Polish-based blogger .