Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US , despite their world-record deal with adidas . The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days , which would have been an ideal opportunity to showcase their new gear following their £ 750m , 10-year agreement . However , their existing deal with Nike runs until the end of July and Sportsmail understands there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed . Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer US tour , despite their new adidas deal . Wayne Rooney and co are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July but will have to wear their old kit . adidas are the new sponsors in a £ 750million deal but there is no buy-out clause in Nike deal that ends in July . Ryan Giggs is pictured in an adidas shirt , the Barclays Premier League side last wore adidas shirts in 1992 . That means that unless United remain in America until August 1 - a week before the start of the season - fans will have to wait to see the new kit while their team continues in what will effectively be an old ensemble . As reported on Wednesday , the tour will be shorter than last year 's epic trek across the country and is likely to be confined to the west coast thanks to input from manager Louis van Gaal . The Dutchman , who pays ferocious attention to detail , vowed that a repeat of last summer would not happen again on his watch and believes to this day that the effects of the pre-season schedule cost his side dearly when the real action started . Louis van Gaal has had a big input on United 's pre-season plans , restricting the US tour to just 12 days . Van Gaal believes the extensive tour last year hampered United and it will now be restricted to the west coast . United traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at Old Trafford and August 1 would seem a logical choice . United traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at Old Trafford and August 1 would seem a logical choice . They faced Valencia last year and Sevilla in 2013 although the Olympics prevented such a fixture taking place in 2012 . Officials like a test run to ensure new equipment is working and to allow new staff to get used to a matchday operation at Old Trafford .