As one of the world 's most successful female designers , Victoria Beckham was unlikely to turn up at the London marathon in trainers . Despite it being an off-duty day , the 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son Romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon earlier today . She accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` Team Romeo ' T-shirt with a pair of Alaïa Boots , which retail at approximately £ 1,500 . Scroll down for video . Victoria Beckham at the London marathon today . R13 Kate distressed skinny jeans . Get a similar style at Farfetch ! Visit site . Just when we thought we knew Victoria Beckham 's sense of style better than our own , she goes and surprises us . We 're so used to seeing her in midi skirts and dresses from her own collection that seeing her in a sleeveless wrap top and jeans takes a bit of getting used to . But when it comes to basics , like the rest of us , she has her favorites . She actually has worn these super skinny jeans countless times before , and it 's easy to see why . They 're by R13 , a label loved by A-listers like Lindsay Lohan , Beyoncé and Rihanna and they fit like a dream . When paired with platform ankle boots , VB 's legs look like they go on forever ! This season , the biggest denim trend has been jeans that are ripped to shreds . But we love this much more subtle approach - look closely and you 've notice that these dark wash jeans feature distressed detailing all over . Click the link -LRB- right -RRB- to buy a similar pair now at Farfetch . But if you want the Beckham look on a budget , check out the edit below for our favorite high street styles . Topshop distressed skinny jeans . Visit site . Asos distressed skinny jeans . Visit site . Citizens of Humanity distressed jeans at Selfridges . Visit site . ASOS Ridley Skinny Jeans in Clean Black with Ripped Knees at ASOS . Visit site . Despite the shoes having an eye-watering six inch heel , the star appeared unhindered and strolled easily around the finishing line with her husband David and her three sons . Victoria is a devotee of huge heels - in her early years of fame she was never seen without a pair on and once said of flat shoes : ` I just ca n't get my head around the footwear . ' But recently she admitted in an interview with the Independent that she was now a convert , thanks to her busy lifestyle . She told the newspaper : ` I 'm busier now -- so I could n't totter around in a tight dress and a pair of heels ! I think I feel a little more relaxed . ' The star wore a pair of Alaïa Boots , which retail at approximately £ 1,500 . She continued : ` I suppose if I 'm being honest , I would have been scared , right at the beginning , to wear lots of layers and to wear a flat shoe . ` I would have been scared to do that . Now I 'm not . ' But Victoria must find these boots extremely comfortable because she has been wearing them on a number of occasions recently . The Spice Girl wore them for a flight to London from LA last week and she also showcased them during an appearance on the Ellen show last week . Victoria wore the boots when she took a flight from LA to London last week . Victoria also wore the boots for an appearance on The Ellen Show .