Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people . McVeigh also viewed himself as a ` Paul Revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government , according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber 's lead attorney . The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas . The trove , which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998 , only became fully organized late last year . Scroll down for video . Timothy McVeigh -LRB- right -RRB- is escorted from the Noble County Courthouse in Oklahoma by FBI agents in 1995 . A photo taken on April 27 , 1995 , shows damage to the Alfred P Murrah Federal Building after the truck bomb . Rescue workers continue digging through the rubble after the deadly bombing in Oklahoma City in April 1995 . Firemen examine the wreckage at the building after the 1,200 lb truck bomb blew off the structure 's north side . The archive includes a confidential report from a polygraph examiner , who wrote that McVeigh had wanted to ` take out ' the Murrah Building on April 19 , 1995 . Although the blast killed 168 , including 19 children , the examiner concluded that ` In McVeigh 's mind , he believed that he had definitely screwed up because he left the building still standing ' . McVeigh was executed by injection in 2001 at age 33 . Co-conspirator Terry Nichols was convicted separately and sentenced to life in prison . Even as he stood accused of orchestrating what until the Sept. 11 attacks was considered the deadliest act of terrorism on US soil , McVeigh appeared to be driven by profit and thought his attorneys should be entitled to ' $ 800,000 -LRB- after fees , taxes -RRB- . ' ` If I 'm gon na die anyway , I want to make some money . Not for me , but to try to make up for what my family has been put thru , as well as to shell out some ` bonuses ' to my legal team . , ' he wrote in one note to his defense team included in the archive . In another , he doodled a tank ramming a house and wrote : ` This is the FBI ! ... Send out your women and children . We know you 're in there and we know you have Bibles and a copy of the Constitution ! ' The collection also includes a copy of a published cartoon showing 11 jurors frowning and one smiling , with an arrow pointing to her and the note : ` My choice , potential juror . ' McVeigh was identified as a suspect in the bombing of the building , sentenced to death and executed in 2001 . Medical assistants run from the blast site after being told another bomb had been found on April 19 , 1995 . This is one of over 500 boxes of attorney/client documents that were donated by attorney Stephen Jones . An Oklahoma City police car decorated with kind words and a small American flag sits near the blast area . Don Carleton , executive director of the museum , said Jones was n't comfortable putting the material at an Oklahoma institution ` because the feelings were so raw ' and his fears the collection could be perceived as ` almost a shrine ' to the convicted bomber . Carleton said : ` It 's been a difficult collection to figure out how to let people know we have it available for research . ` You do n't want to promote it . That 's not the right word . You do n't want to publicize it without coming across as being somewhat celebratory . ` It 's almost like Holocaust records . You 've got a whole bunch of people who are rightly so sensitive to this . ' Besides the handwritten notes from McVeigh , the defense case files include reports of investigations , news stories , photos , recordings and trial exhibits . In 2001 , Jones published a book suggesting McVeigh and Nichols could not have been alone in carrying out the bombing , . McVeigh denied any knowledge of another collaborator , or presence of an accomplice who became known in the case as John Doe No. 2 . But the polygraph examiner , Tim Domgard , wrote there were ` indications of deception ' in McVeigh 's responses related to questions about others involved . McVeigh provided a first-person account of the bombing during two days of interviews with Jones in September 1995 . An unidentified woman calls out to friends as she waits for treatment following the truck bomb in OKC in 1995 . An evidence photo showing Oklahoma City bomber McVeigh from the Briscoe Center for American History . A hurt woman holds a child following the blast that killed 168 people , including 19 children , and injured more . Federal Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms and FBI agents survey the damage to the Alfred Murrah building . He talked of lighting the fuse in a rental truck filled with explosive fertilizer , parking it at the building , throwing the key behind the seat , then walking away and trying not to look conspicuous , even after the blast hit . He told Jones that he did n't have the resources to conduct a ` solo war ' and was convinced he ` could have gotten away clean from this and continued on if I had anywhere to go . ' ` I determined that the best way would be to continue on as the Paul Revere type messenger instead of the John Brown type revolutionary , that you could accomplish maybe two in one , ' McVeigh said . In the polygraph interview , McVeigh said when he was pulled over by an Oklahoma highway trooper shortly after the bombing for not displaying a license plate on his car , he had ` several opportunities to kill the trooper , however , did not because he was a state official and not a federal official . ' Asked about events leading up to the bombing , McVeigh said ` action had to be taken ' after the 1994 passage of the assault weapons ban , but said he was n't certain at that time exactly what kind of action would be appropriate . In other notes , he also points to the outcome of the Branch Davidian siege near Waco as an influence . The building in downtown Oklahoma City falls in a dust cloud as it is demolished by explosives in May 1995 . Terry Nichols seen leaving a Federal Court Building in May 1995 . He is serving a life sentence for his role . A view from the plaza overlooking the Oklahoma City National Memorial site from May of 2001 -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The entrance to the Oklahoma City National Memorial is pictured at dusk in Oklahoma City in April of 2015 . The files have numerous references to media coverage and McVeigh 's sense that Jones was too cozy with reporters and TV producers . McVeigh complained to Jones in 1995 that he was granting so many television and newspaper interviews , ` I am afraid you are becoming addicted to the ` media bug . ' Jones responded : ` If you want to keep the media on your side , they must be fed . ' In one note to Jones marked ` Personal , ' McVeigh told him if anyone ever approached him ` to ` lean ' on you to ` throw ' my case , please confide in me . ' ` I am a realist , and I know our government , ' he added . ` TDC - threat , duress , or coercion - is a standard . Money or muscle can influence all but the most ideological . ' In the interview with Jones detailing the bombing and his arrest , he recalled how someone at the jail watching television coverage of the bombing investigation told him he resembled a composite photo of a suspect being sought . Then a court appearance for his arrest for carrying a concealed gun and knife during the traffic stop , he noticed increased police activity around the courthouse where he was held . After his bond was set at $ 5,000 , a woman in an adjacent cell told him : ` They think you 're the bomber . ' ` And I said , ` No way . ' And then here is where it becomes a blur , Stephen , ' McVeigh told Jones .