An apartment house where only high-paying tenants can use the gym may be illegally discriminating , city human rights officials warned this week . It 's the latest salvo in an ongoing struggle between property developers to build or maintain rent-stabilized apartments alongside luxury units that go for thousands of dollars more a month . Other building have installed so-called ` poor doors ' for use by rent-stabilized tenants while full-rent residents get to use the front door . DNAInfo New York obtained pictures of the sign posted by property managers that warned only certain residents of the building were allowed access to the gym . The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there 's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex 's fitness room . The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65 , while market-rate tenants are n't , according to a complaint last year from tenants ' association president Jean Green Dorsey . Scroll down for video . Jean Green Dorsey says the refusal of landlords to let rent-stabilized tenants use the new gym facility in the building ` smacks of second-class citizenship . The gym that property managers opened in Stonehenge Village last year was closed off to anyone who lived in rent-stabilized apartments . The gym , pictured here in a photo obtained by DNAInfo New York , was meant as a perk to lure full-price-paying tenants , who shell out $ 3,500-a-month for a one bedroom . Dorsey said being barred from using the exercise room smacked of second-class citizenship for the rent-stabilized tenants who occupy about 60 percent of the more than 400 apartments in the complex on Manhattan 's Upper West Side . She said Friday she was hopeful the landlord would now let rent-stabilized tenants pay a reasonable fee to use the gym and have it continue to be free for their higher-rent neighbors . Dorsey said tenants previously offered to do that but were rebuffed , spurring her complaint . ` You really should n't have to do all this to live a happy life , ' said Green Dorsey , 75 , who has lived in the building since 1972 . Market-rate apartments go for $ 3,500 a month for one-bedroom units , which advertise granite counter tops , stainless steel appliances and close proximity to Whole Foods . The landlord , Stonehenge Partners Inc. , had no immediate comment Friday . Stonehenge Partners has said the gym was built last winter to entice market-rate tenants . ` Any impact on rent-regulated tenants arises out of their length of tenancy in the building , ' not their age , ` and involves that person 's choice to remain in a rent-regulated unit at lower rent , ' the landlord 's lawyer , Jerrold Goldberg , wrote in a filing last year . The building advertises one-bedroom apartments for $ 3,500 a month that feature granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances . While city law prohibits discrimination based on age , it 's silent on the subject of rent-regulation status . Stabilized tenants get valuable benefits of their own , like lower rent , Goldberg noted . The building 's courtyard , laundry room and some other amenities are open to all residents , he added . Stonehenge Village is among several New York buildings that have spurred an outcry over separate entrances for lower-paying residents - dubbed ` poor doors ' - or playrooms , roof decks and other amenities reserved for market-rate renters . Galled by seeing such arrangements in developments that often enjoy tax and zoning breaks for including affordable housing , some officials have sought to require more equal treatment . Just this week , City Councilman Corey Johnson proposed to require buildings to let affordable housing tenants use amenities . Public Advocate Letitia James and several council members , including Johnson , supported Dorsey 's complaint . James said Friday she was heartened by the rights commission 's finding . ` This will send a clear message : This is really just unacceptable , ' she said by phone . ` When you stigmatize individuals based their status as rent-regulated tenants , it was just inherently wrong and inconsistent with the general principles that we all hold dear . ' Developers say the arrangements reflect business considerations , not prejudice , and ultimately contribute to more economically integrated environments . Attracting higher-paying residents with amenities helps make it feasible to incorporate affordable housing in highly desirable areas , according to developers . Green Dorsey , meanwhile , says she 's eager to get into the gym .