In the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath , but did n't know what was plaguing her . So Avril Lavigne started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out . ` I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems did n't exist , ' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News on Thursday . Turns out the Complicated hit maker was suffering from Lyme disease , which Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have . Struggling : Avril Lavigne told ABC News on Thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for Lyme disease . She is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in Las Vegas when she was fully suffering the effects . The blonde first shared the news with People Magazine in early April that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease . Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite . ` I had no idea a bug bite could do this , ' she told the weekly . ` I was bedridden for five months . I felt like I could n't breathe , I could n't talk and I could n't move . I thought I was dying . I had complete weakness and fatigue . One night I tried to brush my teeth on the tour bus and could n't even stand . ' On the phone : ` I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems did n't exist , ' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News . Not an easy year : ` I went from doctor to doctor for about eight months , which was unacceptable and frustrating . I found somebody had the knowledge and the expertise of treating it , ' the Hello Kitty singer explained . ` I actually knew I had it the whole time , probably since the summer ' On Thursday she also told ABC News how much of a struggle it was to get help . ` I went from doctor to doctor for about eight months , which was unacceptable and frustrating . I found somebody had the knowledge and the expertise of treating it , ' the Hello Kitty singer explained . ` I actually knew I had it the whole time , probably since the summer . ' She is talking about her challenges with getting diagnosed now because she wants to help others who are in the same situation . ` I want to bring awareness to hopefully help other people , ' Lavigne added . And the Canadian said she feels she will be OK in the long run . ` I believe I will come out of this healthier and stronger than I was before , ' the beauty said . The disease has given her ` perspective , ' she added . ` I 've never had this much down time , so it 's been good in that sense . And I ` mm really just choosing to look at the positives . ' Avril was on the morning show to plug her new song . ` Today I am releasing a song , a single for The Special Olympics called Fly . I wrote Fly for my foundsation a couple years ago . Now I have partnered up with Special Olympics . All net proceeds got to the Special Olympics . It 's about inner strength and courage . ' And the message is important to the star . She explained it 's about ` overcome challenges . ' Sick : The singer , seen her performing at Planet Hollywood in May , told People Magazine she had no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . ` This song took on a whole new meaning for me during the time that I have been sick , which is pretty magical , ' she added . Lavigne went into detail with People , admitting , ` There were definitely times I could n't shower for a full week because I could barely stand . It felt like having all your life sucked out of you . ' Symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia . If not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years . The disease was recently highlighted after Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster contracted it , who reveled she has lost the ability to read , write or even watch TV because of it . Awol : The Sk8er Boi singer said hubby , Nickleback frontman Chad Kroeger , helped take care of her while she was bedridden for five months . Incubation period from infection to onset of symptoms is typically two weeks , although it can be months or even years between the two , so it is impossible to say when the bites occur . Avril was between the Asian and South American world tour when she first developed symptoms . The musician thinks she may have been bitten last spring , and remembers first waking up one night in April drenched in sweat and feeling feverish . She assumed it was the flu , or even exhaustion and dehydration from touring , but when her symptoms persisted , some friends who were familiar with the disease suggested she might have it . However she said doctors were skeptical and did n't want to test her . After her last public appearance in September she tried to celebrate her 30th birthday in Las Vegas with friends , but she could not muster the energy . ` It was terrible , `` I could barely eat , and when we went to the pool , I had to leave and go lie in bed , ' she said . ` My friends asked , `` What 's wrong ? '' I did n't know . ' It was only several months later of , after a number of emergency room visits that a specialist finally diagnosed her . Since October the popstar holed herself up in her Ontario home while she recovers , aided by her mom who came to stay with her , while husband , Nickleback frontman Chad Kroeger took as many breaks as he could from his world tour to be with her . She says support from her fans through social media helped immensely , and she now feels around 80 per cent recovered . She now wanst to raise more awareness about the disease . Around 65,000 people in Europe are infected every year , and 25,000 Americans were diagnosed in 2013 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The tick normally has to be attached to the host for 36 hours to transfer the infection . Ill : Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster also suffers from the disease . Debilitating : Foster recently revealed she can no longer read , write or even watch TV because of the condition .