Vanessa Moe 's debut showing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters . But unfortunately for the up-and-comer , her minimalist collection was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear for the models . A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . Scroll down for video . Wearable ? Vanessa Moe 's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear . Environmentally unfriendly : A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . Glistening under the overhead lights , front row guests could n't drag their eyes away from the polarising and somewhat dangerous accessories . One model , Amanda Ware , looked to have very little room to breathe , doing her best not to fog her vision for her turn down the runway . Other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces . Major distraction : Glistening under the overhead lights , front row guests could n't drag their eyes away from the polarising and somewhat dangerous accessories . Making a splash : Other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces . Unusual : Those who were lucky enough to avoid the obscure perspex accessories were treated to thick chokers made from the same translucent material . Those who were lucky enough to avoid the obscure perspex accessories were treated to thick chokers made from the same translucent material . Those distracted by the headwear missed 12 dreamy looks in cream and blue hues float down the catwalk . Sophisticated separates , clean lines and romantic formal garments made her debut ready to wear collection a functional one . Simplistic : Those distracted by the headwear missed 12 dreamy looks in cream and blue hues float down the catwalk . Dreamy : Sophisticated separates , clean lines and romantic formal garments made her debut ready to wear collection a functional one . The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA 's New Generation show . The most daring of the bunch was no doubt Mariam Seddiq , who sent confident models down the catwalk in breast and bottom-baring frocks . The dark yet mesmerising collection makes Mariam one to watch . Gasp ! The most daring of the New Generation shows was no doubt Mariam Seddiq , who sent confident models down the catwalk in breast and bottom-baring frocks . Colourful : Romance Was Born was a highlight on Thursday with their eccentric ` Cooee Couture ' collection . Bondage is back : Any Step designs caused a stir at the Raffles International Showcase . Minimalist : Zingiber showed one and two-piece swimwear with striking cut-out designs .