Edward Snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US , Andrei Soldatov said . He accused the former US spy of not being ` transparent ' and said he was being ` secretive ' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities . Edward Snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . After Mr Snowden , 31 , revealed himself in June 2013 as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents , he fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum . The decision by Russian President Vladimir Putin was seen as a snub to US President Barack Obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained . But the details of the arrangement have never been made public , and Mr Snowden has never addressed them . Mr Soldatov , who runs a website which is an online watchdog of Mr Putin 's intelligence agencies , spoke out in an interview with the Daily Beast , a US news and culture website . Mr Soldatov is also an author , investigative journalist and analyst who has been working on the Russian security state for a decade . It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government -- but it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House . At least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to Google Maps . A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of internet pranksters . Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked , but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm , according to thenextweb.com . Several reviews appeared underneath the listing , including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ` great source of classified information ' . Whistleblower Edward Snowden speaks to European officials via videoconference during a parliamentary hearing on improving the protection of whistleblowers , at the Council of Europe in Strasbourg . He said : ` I think there is some sort of a deal with the Russian authorities . ` It seems Snowden insisted that he 'd never be used by Russian propaganda . ` He never made it onto -LRB- Russian TV station -RRB- RT or other state media outlets and of course they would be happy to have him . ` He 's clearly being exploited - after all , many repressive measures on the Internet in Russia were presented to Russians as a response to Snowden 's revelations . ' Mr Snowden is still a wanted man in the US where , if he returns , he will face espionage charges that could see him jailed for life if convicted . Mr Soldatov said : ` It seems the idea is to stress that he 's just not in the US , he 's somewhere , but not in Russia . ` I do n't think it was his strategy from the beginning . After all , he questioned -LRB- Vladimir -RRB- Putin last April during Putin 's annual question-and-answer press conference about mass surveillance in Russia . ` So my impression is that it 's not his decision . ' Mr Snowden has been branded a traitor in the US and the UK where terrorism experts have said that lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations . He stole information which revealed how spying agencies including GCHQ and the NSA monitored citizens ' private information , including call history and emails . Mr Snowden recently gave an interview to British comedian John Oliver for his weekly US TV show in which he admitted he had not read every document he leaked . In his toughest grilling to date , Mr Snowden said that he had ` evaluated ' all the documents but squirmed and gave non-answers when pressed . He also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda .