Didier Drogba has provided the people of his homeland a lifeline , after the Chelsea striker 's charity ball raised a staggering £ 400,000 for his Foundation . Drogba celebrated playing his part in Chelsea 's 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Saturday night by putting on the event at London 's swanky Dorchester Hotel . And the Ivory Coast icon was delighted with how the evening panned out , as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in Abidjan , Ivory Coast 's capital , later this year . Ivorian striker Drogba smiles as he attends his charity ball at London 's swanky Dorchester Hotel hours after beating Manchester United . Blues Brothers Eden Hazard and Didier Drogba enjoy a boogie alongside popstar Christina Milian at the Dorchester hotel in London . Chelsea striker Drogba and pop beauty Milian enjoy a sing and a dance at the Ivorian 's charity bash at the swanky Dorchester hotel in London . ` I 'm always so overwhelmed by the kind generosity and support that we see each time we host these events and Saturday was no exception , ' said Drogba . Christina Milian was joined on stage by the Chelsea forward for a night of entertainment in the West End , after Jose Mourinho 's side had moved one step closer to sealing their third Premier League title . The Didier Drogba Foundation has provided financial support across health and education in Africa since it was founded in 2007 , and following the fourth ball to be held , many more children in villages outside of Abidjan will now receive treatment for medical conditions through mobile clinics . Drogba was thankful to team-mates Petr Cech , Eden Hazard , Branislav Ivanovic , Gary Cahill , Juan Cuadrado , Nemanja Matic and John Terry for attending the ball , alongside many other guests which included Thierry Henry , Edgar Davids and Jermaine Defoe . Drogba cracks a smile alongside popstar Milian during the charity ball at London 's swanky Dorchester hotel on Saturday night . Drogba meets and greets guests as he hosts his charity fundraiser at the swanky Dorchester Hotel in London on Saturday night . After Grammy-nominated singer Milian was given backing support by Drogba and Hazard during her performance , Fuse ODG entertained guests with his greatest hits . The live auction was the focal point of the evening as VIP tickets to the upcoming fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao triggered a bidding war , while Hazard and Ivanovic lost out on a mod scooter signed by Chelsea 's 2012 Champions League-winning side .