It sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed so terrifying , it was nicknamed Scary Lucy . And now even the sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue in Celoron , New York , has called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and six years after it was unveiled has pledged to make a new one for free . But the statue of Lucille Ball - which was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy ! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched - is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark . Scroll down for video . Residents of Celoron , New York , were understandably disturbed when this statue of Lucille Ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a Facebook campaign to get it removed , which attracted 600 likes . A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks , tribute statues and incredibly crude carvings . Take , for example , the Louis Tussaud 's Waxwork Museum in Ontario Canada , which was bought to the world 's attention in January after TV presenter Jonathan Ross posted pictures of the works online . Its website boasts : ` Louis Tussaud 's Waxworks is a collection of instantly recognizable , true-to-life wax figures crafted by recognized wax artists from around the world . ' Jennifer Garner does not seem herself in this warped wax version of her character in the television series Alias which appears at the Hollywood Waxworks in Los Angeles . This figure of Jack Sparrow seems a little polished as he shows off uncharacteristically glossy locks . However Ross seemed to be in disagreement in one tweet he wrote : ` It 's almost like Canada want to start a war . Here 's the Queen ... ' with a picture of a waxwork with only the faintest passing resemblance to her Majesty . And Louis Tussaud 's waxwork museum in Great Yarmouth , which closed in October 2012 , was described as the world 's worst waxworks museum because so many of its models looked nothing like the people they were supposed to represent . His museums are not connected to his great-grandmother 's Madame Tussauds waxwork museums . However , the famous Madame Tussaud 's is not exempt from critisicim either . This enormous effigy of Colin Firth as Mr Darcy was erected in London 's Serpentine in 2013 . However it bore little resemblance to the iconic image from Pride and Prejudice . American talks show host Jay Leno is unrecognisable as his waxwork in Louis Tussaud 's Waxworks Museum , which comedian Jonathon Ross openly mocked on Twitter at the beginning of this year . This statue of Andy Murray was unveiled in Shanghai in October 2011 complete with warrior clothing , although Andy does n't appear thrilled the stern likeness is uncanny . In November last year the house of wax in Berlin unveiled a figure of 22-year-old Selena Gomez , however fans were shocked when the museum appeared to have aged her by ten years . It took a team of 20 artists four months to create the dummy , showing the songstress dressed in a pair of leather hot pants and sheer blouse - an outfit she wore at a gig in London in September 2014 . In 2011 Madame Tussaud 's unveiled a Justin Bieber waxwork which was criticised for not looking anything like the pop star who was then 17 . Bieber worked closely with the team who created his waxwork , giving sittings in New York last year . And stylists teamed up with Bieber 's personal stylist to ensure his once legendary hairstyle was the exact replica of the original cut . But after turning 17 two weeks earlier , the singer - much to the dismay of fans - had his hair cut . And the star was also taller than his wax figurine making for a far off likeness . However , Selena Gomez 's figure is positively uncanny compared to some celebrity tributes . Here we showcase the very worst . Even the famous Madame Tussaud 's occasionally gets it wrong with J-Lo looking a little worse for wear . In 2008 this golden statue of British model Kate Moss was unveiled by artist Marc Quinn other than the unsettling eyes , Kate is n't famed for being a contortionist ... Johnny Depp seems to be unable to disguise his giggles while unveiling this statues in Serbia in 2013 . Madame Tussaud 's came under fire for their depiction of singer Selena Gomez in November 2014 when their wax depiction of the 22-year-old seemed to have aged by about ten years . Fans were stunned when the 2011 waxwork was unveiled at Madame Tussauds as it bore no likeness to him . This stone statue of Princess Diana was created in India in 2004 but is hardly a chip off the old block . Julia Roberts looks anything other than a Pretty Woman in this wax work figure .