Gemma Collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses . The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex - who has gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand - feels much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident . She told FEMAIL : ` I heard a saying once , `` I 'm an hourglass just with more sand '' , and I love that . I think that sums me up as I have curves and love my shape . ' Scroll down for video . Gemma Collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans with a handful of new curve-flattering garments . Kimono £ 39 . New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses , as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos ; all in the same flattering cuts that have cemented her status as one of the nation 's most popular plus-size designers . ` Plus-size fashion is evolving and becoming more stylish , and it 's great as my collection is all about embracing your curves and feeling confident , ' Gemma tells us . ` Always wear what you feel confident in . If you feel great , you 'll look good . ' Speaking about her ever-evolving line last month , the bubbly blonde said : ` I love feedback from my customers and this collection is definitely based on that . The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex is proud to have gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand . Dress £ 40 . ` I heard a saying once `` I 'm an hourglass just with more sand '' , and I love that ! ' Gemma tells FEMAIL . ` I think that sums me up as I have curves and love my shape . ' Kimono £ 39 . She continued : ` There 's some ruching , illusion panels and some pretty wow shapes that are magic at slimming and flattering . ` It 's a bit sexy but fun with some sophisticated pieces too ; a bit like me really ! ' . Gemma explains that she started the collection because she wanted to show curvy women out there how to embrace their curves . She said : ` You know big IS beautiful . ' The TOWIE star has taken inspiration from the catwalks and is keen to show her fans that you do n't have to be size six to rock a fashion trend and to feel confident . ` Everyone needs a bit of `` Gemma Collins confidence , '' baby ! ' she laughed . Sharing her top tips for how women can flatter themselves come spring , Gemma , who cites Beth Ditto , Oprah Winfrey and Dawn French as her muses , said : ` Not all girls are brave enough to try something new and be a bit bold so this range is amazing for flattering girls so that they can be brave and experiment a bit more . ` I get so many women messaging me thanking me because they tried something of mine that was out of their comfort zone and rocked it . ' ` Plus-size fashion is evolving and becoming more stylish , and it 's great as my collection is all about embracing your curves and feeling confident , ' Gemma tells us . New Orleans top £ 35 . The TOWIE star has taken inspiration from the catwalks and is keen to show her fans that you do n't have to be size six to rock a fashion trend . Swing Top £ 35 . The blonde star says she designs everything with her customers in mind and even takes the time to read through comments on her Twitter to see what changes women would like to see in her clothes . Clearly Gemma 's hard work is paying off ; her range is stocked in 16 Evans stores nationwide , as well as on their website . ` It is surreal , ' said Gemma of her latest gig . ` When I found out I was so happy , it was my mum 's birthday so we celebrated that night with a couple of glasses of bubbly . ` It means a lot that plus-size women out there still love my dresses and now it 's being recognised by a company as big as Evans , amazing . ' ` I get so many women messaging me thanking me because they tried something of mine that was out of their comfort zone and rocked it , ' she says . Poland Dress £ 55 . Clearly Gemma 's hard work is paying off ; her range is stocked in 16 Evans stores nationwide , as well as on their website . Jamaica Maxi Dress £ 60 . It seems that this is only the beginning of a successful season for the star , whose psychic told her that summer is going to be a ` great time ' for her . ` I would also love to do a show about curvy women and fashion , I have some amazing ideas , ' she said of future plans . ` I would love to give confidence to all plus-size women and get them looking fabulous ; I could be the new Gok Wan , you know ... just the blonder version . ` I 'm also really focusing on my healthy lifestyle as well , she added . ` I 've been training , eating better and doing 3D Lipo as well . I 'm never going to be a size 10 and I would n't want to be . ` I would n't want to get smaller than a size 16 . It 's all about being happy and healthy for me - size is just a number . ' So where does she see herself in five years ' time ? ` Sunning myself on a beach with a cocktail and surrounded by attractive tanned men . Where else babe ? '