A woman who managed to escape the clutches of Islamic State has revealed how people are living in fear and suffering under the terror organisation . The woman , who did not want to be identified , told a BBC documentary that airs tonight that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by IS . She was lucky to escape from the IS capital Raqqa in Syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone . A woman who has fled from Raqqa in Syria said women are forced to cover up -LRB- pictured posed by model -RRB- . A picture taken in the IS capital Raqqa in Syria shows women walking in burkas , they could be whipped for refusing to wear one when they go out . She said : ` IS has stripped women of all their freedom , they said we must cover the whole face , this is all forced on us by IS , nothing at all of a woman is revealed . ' She added that women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother . They are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them - and any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police . She said : ` Sometimes people get whipped . After that many people began to fear IS . ' She explained that it is this fear that is making people join the group . The refugee said fear of IS is making many join them : ` Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger ' ` If you are a member of IS they give you gas , petrol and bread , ' she said . ` Unfortunately there are a lot of simple-minded people who say `` yes , I 'll join them '' . Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger , this is how they force people to support them . ' In just one example of how the group violently control both men and women , she revealed the terrible punishment inflicted on those who break the rule of not smoking . ` If a man is caught smoking they will heat up a metal skewer and put it in his mouth , ' she said . Of everything she has been through , the female refugee said : ` the worst feeling is to witness other people killed in front of you . ' The IS tactics have been decribed as taking a ` Ghengis Khan and the mongol approach to military conquest ' Sadly , this is common if people fail to stick to the rules defined by IS , who want to establish a Islamic utopia by any means necessary . Alastair Crooke , director Conflicts Forum , explains on the BBC documentary how the terrorist group are taking the ` Ghengis Khan and the mongol approach to military conquest ' . He said : ` You create an absolute fear in your enemies and the first time you come to a village you kill everything ... the dogs , the cats , destroy it down to the ground . ' Families pictured fleeing from on going fighting between Islamic State militants and Iraqi security forces . Peter Taylor interviews Hussam al-Ahmed , a Syrian photographer , in a special documentary investigating the rise of IS and their diverse sources of funding . As ruthless bands of bloodthirsty fighters take over villages , women and children are murdered or sold into slavery . In BBC Two 's one hour special documentary , Peter Taylor reveals how the group have risen to power thanks to a diverse source of funds including oil , ransoms , extortion and theft . They have amassed a war chest of an estimated $ 2billion . The programme features the first ever TV interview with IS leader Abu Hajjar and investigates what 's made it the World 's Richest Terror Army . This World : World 's Richest Terror Army is on BBC2 at 9 pm .