Cameron Hooker , who kept a hitchhiker as sex slave for seven years , was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 . A man branded the ` most dangerous psychopath ever encountered ' after he kept a young hitchhiker as a sex slave for seven years has been denied parole . Cameron Hooker , 61 , was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of Colleen Stan . The case made international headlines and Stan was known as ` the Girl in the Box ' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity . Despite Hooker 's century-long jail term , he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules , USA Today reported . In an attempt to reduce its prison population , California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served at least 25 years . But the parole board at Corcoran State Prison , where Hooker is incarcerated , denied the request and have stated the inmate wo n't get another hearing for 15 years . Luis Patino , a spokesman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , said Hooker had been given the longest delay period until his next parole hearing as the board found he was ` far from suitable ' for being released . Scroll down for video . In May 1977 , Stan had been hitchhiking along Interstate 5 near Redding , California . Despite the high risks involved - it just a few years after the arrest of a serial killer in Santa Cruz who preyed on young female hitchers - the then 20-year-old stick out her thumb and accepted a ride from a young couple traveling with a 7-month-old baby . Colleen Stan was known as ` the Girl in the Box ' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during much of her captivity . Stan was tortured , raped and left for days in a head box -LRB- right -RRB- or another coffin-like box under the couple 's bed . The Coffin-like box in which Colleen was held for up to 23-hours a day under Hooker and his wife 's bed . Within hours , she was tied up and naked in the basement of Hooker 's home 30 miles away . It would be the start of seven torturous years as a captive of the ` psychopath ' . Stan was starved , whipped and burned by Hooker , a 23-year-old lumber mill worker . He would tie her to the ceiling by her wrists or leave her for days with a 20-pound hinged wooden box around her head , blocking the outside world . At other times she would be forced into another , coffin-like box under Hooker and his wife Janice 's bed , or tied to a rack . The specially-made torture device caused permanent damage to her back and one shoulder . She was also forced to sign a ` slavery contract ' which meant she had to do anything Hooker wanted , from sex to the more mundane such as household chores or looking after his children . In 1978 , Janice gave birth to a second baby on the water bed above Stan . Hooker had convinced her that if she ever ran away a powerful organisation known as The Company would find her , and would hurt her family . To avoid painful punishments , she said she tried to be a good slave and that due to this she was allowed out to jog , work in the yard , and care for the Hooker children alone in the mobile home . Video courtesy KXTV . Colleen Stan reads about her experiences being held captive by Cameron Hooker in the 1970s and 1980s during a crime victim 's ceremony on Thursday in California . Even with an open door , neighbors , and a telephone , Stan made no attempt to escape ; she said that her fear of `` The Company '' kept her from seeking help . Neighbors for years believed she was she just the family 's helper . In 1981 she was even allowed to visit her family alone but then returned to Hooker , such was the extent to which she was under his control and feared ` The Company ' . In 1984 she she was allowed to take a job as a maid at a local hotel . The turning point came in 1984 when Hooker told his wife Janice that he wanted to make Stan his second wife and bring in more female slaves . She told Stan that Hooker was n't part of The Company and helped her to escape . Stan called Hooker from the bus stop and told him she was leaving him . He was said to have burst into tears . Despite escaping his clutches she continued to call him and refused to report him to the police . She said she wanted to give him the chance to reform . Once back home , Stan went to school for an accounting degree , married , and had a daughter . She also joined an organization to help abused women . It was his wife Janice who finally went to the police and in return for immunity agreed to testify against him . Despite Hooker 's -LRB- pictured in 1984 -RRB- century-long jail term , he had qualified for a new prison program which allowed him to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules . To the outside world she was simply a live-in housekeeper for the couple . No-one could imagine the horrors that went on behind closed doors . Stan , who was the subject of a best-selling book , Perfect Victim , finally escaped with the help of Hooker 's wife Janice in 1984 . Now living under a new identity , Stan said she had begun having nightmares that she was under Hooker 's control again in the run up to the hearing . After Hooker 's request for parole was refused , Stan told KXTV : ` The hearing went really well and I 'm really pleased with the results . ` He did n't show any remorse . Basically he 's wasted his life , 30 years in prison and has n't done anything to try to improve himself or change himself or figure out why he did this . ' ` I do n't know what his health issues are physically or mentally , ' Stan said . ` But I do n't think he 's a feeble old man that could n't do this again . '