Former Hewlett Packard head Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to ` liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies . ` It is a man-made disaster , ' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview . ` With different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided . ' The ` tragedy ' of California , Fiorina , a maybe presidential candidate , said , is it ` has suffered from droughts for millennia , ' and still ` liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system over decades during a period in which California 's population has doubled . ' Scroll down for video . Former Hewlett Packard head and maybe Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to ` liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies . ` California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people 's lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology . It 's a tragedy , ' Fiorina , a one-time California Senate candidate , told Beck , on Blaze Radio station . With the drought stretching into its fourth year , California 's Democratic Governor Jerry Brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption . Excluded from the new restrictions , however , was the agricultural industry , which is responsible for 80 percent of the state 's water usage . Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives approved a bill at the end of last year allowing water to be redistributed from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta to drought-affected areas of the state , but the legislation died in the then-Democratically-controlled Senate . The measure was opposed by environmental groups , who said the water transportation system would disrupt the habitat of certain fish species , and the White House had said the president would veto the bill if it passed . Zeroing in on President Barack Obama , Fiorina , a Republican , said Monday , that ' -LSB- he -RSB- goes out to California a little over a year ago , calls it a tragedy of global warming and hands out money to a food bank . ' ` This is all about politics and policy , and it is liberal environmentalists who have brought us this tragedy , ' she continued . Fiorina , now a resident of Virginia , was referring to the president 's February 2014 visit to San Luis Obispo . There he pledged to give California 's food banks $ 60 million in aid , in addition to monies he said the state 's farmers would receive , $ 15 million , and monies that were set aside for watershed improvement measures . Zeroing in on President Barack Obama , Fiorina said Monday , that ' -LSB- he -RSB- goes out to California a little over a year ago , calls it a tragedy of global warming and hands out money to a food bank . `` This is all about politics and policy , and it is liberal environmentalists who have brought us this tragedy , ' she continued . Obama is pictured here in Palm Springs during the trip Fiorina referred to . One of the so-called liberal environmental groups that Fiorina blamed on Monday for the state 's water woes later told the Huffington Post that the Republican politician 's argument was ` irrational . ' Knocking her as ` a science denier , ' NextGen Climate said it was rich for Fiorina ` to opine that Democrats caused the drought in California . ' That 's ` about as irrational as believing someone who failed at running a business in California and then failed as a candidate for office in California has any cause to be running for the highest office in the land , ' the organization 's spokesman , Bobby Whithorne , said . Another group , the Sierra Club , took issue with the scientific aspect of her claims . ` For more than 100 years , environmentalists have failed to stop the damming of nearly every significant river in California . And yet all of the hundreds of dams out there have done nothing to produce rain or snow pack over the last four years , ' Kathryn Phillips , director of the California chapter of the national organization , said , according to the Huffington Post . ` That 's because you ca n't store what 's not there , ' she said . ` We simply do n't have rain or snow pack and are suffering the worst California drought since water agencies and weather trackers started keeping records . ' A spokeswoman for Fiorina doubled down her boss ' claims in an email to Daily Mail Online , saying , ` It is clear that the radical environmental lobby would prefer to ignore the facts on this one . ' ` We are n't storing rainfall or building water conveyance systems in California because they are willing to put fish before people , ' Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said . Taking the argument a step further , Flores asserted that ` over 300 billion gallons of water are diverted away from farmers in the Central Valley and into the San Francisco Bay in order to protect the Delta smelt , an endangered fish that environmentalists have continued to champion at the expense of Californians . ' ` Meanwhile , the President is touting the money he is sending to food banks but refuses to do anything about the 70 % of rainfall that is going out to sea , ' she added . ` Those are n't talking points . Those are the facts . '