Breakfast TV queen Lorraine Kelly has revealed the secret to her trim new look in an interview , and surprisingly , it does n't involve diets . It turns out the 55-year-old has been attending regular Zumba classes , and it 's paid off . The Scottish presenter revealed that attending the classes - up to four times a week - has helped her drop two dress sizes , from a 14 to a 10 . Scroll down for video . Lorraine Kelly -LRB- pictured left -RRB- has managed to drop two dress sizes by attending regular Zumba classes with her instructor , Maxine Jones -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . Zumba is a fitness programme , combining Latin and international music , and incorporates aerobic elements across various styles of dance . The classes vary in price , but average at about £ 5 . In an interview with Woman , Kelly gushed about her Zumba instructor , Maxine Jones . She said : ` Maxine 's changed my life . I have more energy now and that helps me look and feel younger . ' In the interview , the 55-year-old also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss . As the presenter of her own eponymous ITV show , which airs early in the morning every weekday , it 's understandable that feeling good in front of the camera is important to Kelly . The 55-year old is no stranger to exercise , and ran the London Marathon back in 2010 . Zumba is a dance fitness programme that combines several dance styles and aerobic activity . She explained : ` I 've never had a waist before , I did n't have that curviness , but now I have and I look better . ` I 'm a size 10 and I love being able to go into the shops and buy a top because I like it and not because I want to hide my bottom . ' Kelly also explained that Zumba had helped her develop a new-found confidence , and that at the age of 55 , she had more confidence than she had ever felt . She added : ` I was never unfit , but I was never truly fit . I 'd done marathons but more out of determination . ` But Zumba is so much fun ... I feel more confident now in my fifties than I have ever felt . Confidence comes from within . ' And Lorraine also found a friend for life in instructor Maxine . Maxine started instructing in 2011 , and prior to this , had been a banker for 20 years . She explained : ` Maxine 's more like a friend now -- she makes me laugh . ` She 's 45 and I 'm 55 - -- we always joke that our combined ages add up to 100 ! ' The 55-year-old spoke to Woman magazine about how attending Zumba classes up to four times a week had helped her drop two dress sizes .