Tents crushed by snow , belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims : this is the chaotic scene after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on Mount Everest , killing 18 people . Before and after images show how the wave of snow , ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on Saturday . The avalanche started on Mount Kumori , a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest , and gathered strength as it tore across the world 's highest peak . Half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6.6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region . Eighteen people died in the avalanche , including four Americans , and 61 were injured , according to Nepal 's mountaineering department . Scroll down for videos . Covered : An image , left , shows Everest Base Camp as it usually looks in April compared to how the same place looked following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake on Saturday . Survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed . Before the storm : The snow-covered scenes are in start contrast to how the base camp -LRB- seen in 2013 -RRB- usually looks at this time of year . Flattened : But on Saturday , an avalanche pummeled the campers at the 18,000-foot-altitude base camp , leaving it covered with snow . American Google executive Dan Fredinburg , 33 , was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain . New Jersey-born Dr Marisa Eve Girawong , 29 , was also killed by the avalanche where she worked as a medic for Madison Mountaineering . A third American , Tom Taplin , 61 , who owned TET Films & Photography , was making a documentary when the earthquake hit , NBC News reported . His wife Corey Fryer told the station he died ` doing what he loved ' . On Sunday the first survivors were flown off Everest by aid helicopters and began sharing their incredible stories of survival . Bhim Bahudar Khatri , a cook for a climbing team , said : ` I was cooking for my team in the meal tent when the earthquake hit . We all rushed out to the open and the next moment a huge wall of snow just piled on me . ` I managed to dig out of what could easily have been my grave . I wiggled and used my hands as claws to dig as much as I could . I was suffocating , I could not breathe . But I knew I had to survive . ` I dug a few more feet until I was out of the snow and could breathe . I looked around and saw the tents all torn , crushed and many people injured . I had lived , but lost many of my friends . ' An Everest guide , Pemba Sherpa , 43 , added : ` I was resting in my tent when the earthquake hit . I heard a big noise and the next thing I know I was swept away by the snow . I must have been swept almost 200 meters . I lost consciousness . Wreckage : People look over the scene on Saturday after the earthquake triggered the avalanche that flattened parts of the base camp . Deadly : An image from Sunday shows a tent completely flattened by the avalanche , which left 18 people dead on Saturday . Carried to safety : Rescuers use a makeshift stretcher to carry an injured person after the massive avalanche on Saturday . Changed landscape : Another photograph shows the base camp following the huge avalanche on Saturday . Fight for survival : One survivor recalled ` a huge wall of snow ' falling on him and how he had to claw his way out to survival . Recovery : A group is seen carrying an injured climber in their sleeping bag ; more than 60 people were injured in the incident . Mountaineering instructor Chris Harling , 41 , from Keswick , Cumbria , has spoken of the terrifying moment he felt the ground ` turn to jelly under his feet ' after the earthquake hit Mount Everest . ` When I regained consciousness , I was in a tent surrounded by foreigners . I did not know what happened or where I was . ' He said the toll on Everest was sure to rise : ` There are still many people who are still missing on the mountain . There were several tents buried by the snow , several blown away . ' Michael Churton , a filmmaker from New York , was with four other colleagues at the base camp when the earthquake hit , and he said that it took about 45 seconds for the avalanche to finish . ` I told the group to get down , ' he said . ` It was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run . ' After curling up into a fetal position , he was thrown into a rock , which left him with cuts to his face and a black eye - but he was otherwise uninjured . Mountaineering instructor Chris Harling , 41 , from Keswick , Cumbria , has spoken of the terrifying moment he felt the ground ` turn to jelly under his feet ' after the earthquake hit Mount Everest . Speaking from his sleeping bag at base camp on the north side of the mountain , the experienced climber said his group took cover after rocks the size of cars came crashing down around them . ` At first we could feel the trembling under the tent , but it was eerie as there was no noise , it was silent . Then it felt like we were shaking on a huge plate of jelly , ' he said . ` It was so strange feeling the ground turn to jelly under our feet and we thought the mountain would start crashing down on us . ' The instructor from Adventure Peaks , who was leading a group of eight clients on their first trip up the mountain , said the area was badly hit by rock falls , but they all escaped injury . Killed : Three Americans died on the mountain : Dr Marisa Eve Girawong , 29 , -LRB- left -RRB- , who was working as a medic at the time , Google exec Dan Fredinburg , 33 , -LRB- center with his ex-girlfriend , actress Sophia Bush -RRB- and documentary filmmaker Tom Taplin , 61 -LRB- right -RRB- . Heading out : Rescuers carry a sherpa injured by the avalanche . The quake is believed to have killed more than 4,000 people . Heading home : A rescue helicopter prepares to land on Sunday and the first survivors were carried off the mountainside . ` Sure enough , an area of steep cliffs did break off sending car sized boulders hurtling down only a few hundred metres from our tents . We are still feeling aftershocks hours later . ` We were very lucky as no one in our group has been injured , but one climber was struck by a boulder . ' He said their main priority was now working out how to leave base camp and make their way home , as the road to Kathmandu has been obliterated by the quake . ` We are trapped and have nowhere to go , we ca n't get back to Kathmandu , the road has been completely destroyed and there is absolutely no way to get through . ' Climber Garrett Madison , who runs Seattle-based firm Madison Mountaineering , described how he was leading his group up the mountain when he heard the terrifying sound of avalanches . ` We heard an awful noise and heard avalanches coming down either side of the valley , ' he said . ` We thought we were going to get wiped out but we were only dusted by a snow cloud . We proceeded up to Camp Two and contacted Base Camp where we heard of the awful destruction . ' On Monday , it emerged that the death toll from the earthquake has risen to 4,400 people , with more than 8,000 injured . The toll is expected to rise as assessments are made in vulnerable mountain villages that have been inaccessible since the quake . Nepalese officials have speculated that the number of casualties could reach as high as 10,000 .