A section of Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash in a protest against ticket prices . Supporters from both clubs say they are ` disgusted ' at the continuing rise of ticket prices , with the protest coming in the aftermath of the announcement of the Premier League 's £ 5.14 billion TV rights deal with banners held up inside and outside the ground . With tickets at the sold-out Emirates starting from £ 64 for the 12.45 pm kick-off , protesters hope the image of empty seats around the ground will raise awareness of the struggles fans face to meet the rising costs of following their clubs . Fans inside the Emirates Stadium display a banner reading : ' £ 5bn and what do we get ? £ 64 a ticket ' The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £ 64 , some of the highest prices in the Premier League . Supporters of both sides gathered outside the 60,000-capacity stadium before kick-off to show off banners against the rising costs of modern football . A banner inside the stadium , held between the home and away ends , read : ' £ 5bn and what do we get ? £ 64 a ticket ' . Ahead of the game , Kelvin Meadows of Arsenal 's Black Scarf Movement - who organised the event with Liverpool 's Spirit of Shankly and Spion Kop 1906 fan groups - called ticket prices ` extortionate ' . ` In the pursuit of money football has sold it 's soul , ' he said . ` The fans are that soul and no one cares about the match going fans . Arsenal and Liverpool fans unite outside the Emirates Stadium in a protest against ticket prices . Fans show off a banner reading ` FOOTBALL WITHOUT FANS IS NOTHING ' outside the stadium before kick-off . ` We put up with late fixture changes , unreasonable kick off times and ridiculously high prices . We do it ` cos of the love of our team . ` But the tide is turning . Old rivalries are being put aside as fans from all clubs come together . Away fans help make the event but have to pay extortionate prices . Then we 're told to `` sit down , shut up '' . ' Roy Bentham of Spirit of Shankly said : ` We want tangible reductions in line with what working class people earn . We may lose a generation or more of fans otherwise unless the footballing authorities wake up . ' Further protests are expected after full-time at the Emirates .