A father-of-two who chopped off his hand with an electric angle cutter is back at work just weeks after surgeons reattached it . Gary Lincoln , 48 , from Port Talbot in Wales , was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist , leaving it held on by only flesh and skin . He put in in his sleeve ` to hold everything together ' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month . Back at work : Gary Lincoln is carrying out light duties at his workshop just weeks after he severed his hand . Mr Lincoln , who runs a furniture upcycling company a interior design firm , said : ` I did n't feel any pain at all . ` It was like hundreds and thousands of tiny electric shocks that did n't hurt , like very intense pins and needles . ` There was a lot of blood . I got my hand free and put it in my sleeve to hold everything together . ' The accident happened when he was on his own using an angle cutter , which was fitted with a safety guard . Neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery at Swansea 's Morriston Hospital . ` When it happened my main worry was stopping the bleeding but I was also thinking `` That 's it . I 've just ruined my life '' , ' Gary said . ` I 'm right-handed but need both hands to do my work . I have a wife and two children . My life would have been devastated . ' Orthopaedic surgeon Aso Mohammed re-attached the fractured bones using a plate and screws . Gary Lincoln -LRB- centre -RRB- with consultant plastic , reconstructive and hand surgeon Ian Josty -LRB- left -RRB- and orthopaedic surgeon Aso Mohammed -LRB- right -RRB- . Neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the Welsh Centre for Burns and Plastic Surgery at Swansea 's Morriston Hospital . Then plastic surgeons , led by consultant plastic , reconstructive and hand surgeon Ian Josty , repaired the tendons and performed microsurgical reconstruction to the severed nerves and major blood vessels . Waking up in hospital the next day and being able to move his fingers was , Mr Lincoln said , nothing short of a miracle . He added : ` I can move all my fingers , which is absolutely amazing . I can not believe it . ` I did n't think I would have my hand working again properly . I thought my life was ruined . ` My hands are my work , so I thought I had lost everything . ' Mr Lincoln was home a week later and is already carrying out some light duties in his workshop .