Loneliness is often associated with elderly people who may have lost their partner or feel isolated because they 're less mobile . But a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations - despite being more connected to their friends online . The survey , funded by the Big Lottery , found that more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point . Scroll down for video . Chloe Jackson , 19 , appeared on today 's This Morning to talk about how Facebook makes her feel lonely . The research revealed that half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely . In comparison , 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends . A third of the under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends and they did n't know how to form new friendships . Many admitted they were more likely to interact with friends online than face-to-face and that seeing what their friends were up to via social media sites like Facebook increased their feelings of isolation . One young person who feels this way is Chloe Jackson , 19 , from Norfolk , who appeared on today 's This Morning to discuss the issue . She told presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford that she often feels lonely thanks to websites like Facebook . She said : ` You look at all the things your friends are doing on social media where they have checked into a pub and tagged their friends or shared pictures of themselves out having fun and you 're sat at home not there . ` During my A levels I spent lot time inside revising but you still see all these people having fun without you and it 's hard not to take that personally . ' Ruth , 54 , agreed that this contrasted with her experience growing up as ` when we were young , if you were n't invited to a party you did n't know about it . ' Chloe added that people often create an online persona that does n't reflect how they are really feeling and as a result , she often feels under pressure to do the same . She said : ` It makes you feel down all the time you are expected to be massive happy person like you are on social media , you start doubting the friends you have got . I have 1000 friends on Facebook but I do n't have 1,000 friends in real life . ' Chloe said Facebook often made her feel like she was left out of the fun her friends were having . This Morning 's agony aunt Denise Robertson advised people to be proactive if they are feeling lonely . She suggested they join more groups , take up a new hobby or organise an event like a coffee morning in order to meet more friends . She said : ` Friendship like love does not climb in your window , if you do n't go out , you wo n't find it . ' The Big Lottery funded survey was carried out to promote ` The Big Lunch ' , an idea from the Eden Project encouraging people across the UK to have lunch with their neighbours on the first Sunday in June in an act of community , friendship and fun . In 2014 , 4.83 million people took to their streets , gardens and community spaces for the sixth annual Big Lunch .