An 84-year-old man has died in hospital from severe burns to his upper body - nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban New York road . Christopher Flowers was traveling down Chili Avenue , near Route 390 , in Rochester on March 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames . He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top . But the windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso . As the flames surrounded the pensioner 's head , three Good Samaritans pulled over and frantically tried to extinguish the blaze - at first , using their hands , then by hurling the man into a snow bank . Burned alive : Christopher Flowers , 84 , has died in hospital nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban New York road . Above , the interior of Flowers 's vehicle . Flammable : Flowers was driving down Chili Avenue near Route 390 in Rochester on March 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of his clothing -LRB- pictured at the time -RRB- to burst into flames . Hospital : Flowers , of Chili , was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- , where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck . But on Sunday , hospital officals announced he has died . Emergency crews arrived at the scene and Flowers , from Chili , was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital , where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck . But on Sunday , hospital officials told The Democrat and Chronicle that the retired marine had passed away . Additional details of Flowers 's death , including the date , have not been released . Last month , Flowers 's wife of over 56 years , Flora , spoke of her wish for him to regain his health , saying : ` He has bandages all over him . Just covered up with bandages and you ca n't touch him . ' Speaking to WHEC , she added : ` It was terrifying . We 're hoping and praying that he 'll get better . ' Flowers was wearing several layers of clothing at the time of the incident , including two or three flannel shirts and a couple of T-Shirts topped by a hooded sweatshirt , witnesses told reporters . Widow : Last month , Flowers 's wife of over 56 years , Flora -LRB- pictured before her husband 's death -RRB- , spoke of her wish for Flowers - who was rushed to hospital with severe burns to his upper body - to regain his health . Retired marine : Mrs Flowers holds a photo of her husband during his time as a marine , many decades ago . Some of his attire was made out of polyester , which is highly flammable . As the flames spread across his clothing and body shortly before 9 am on March 9 , one man and two women pulled over to help . Mike Peters was heading to his job driving veterans to and from outpatient services when he saw Flowers standing at the side of the road , engulfed in flames ` from his waist to above his head ' . Speaking to the Associated Press last month , Peters told of how he immediately stopped and ran past a woman making futile attempts to pat out the fire , before tackling Flowers into a snow bank . ` I scooped the guy up and did an end-zone dive into the snowbank , ' the 52-year-old former Army helicopter mechanic , from Gates , said . He then used handfuls of dirty snow to douse the flames . Good Samaritan : Mike Peters -LRB- left -RRB- , who pulled over after spotting Flowers standing at the side of the road engulfed in flames - tackled the pensioner into this snow bank -LRB- right -RRB- in a bid to extinguish the deadly flames . Scene : Gates 's Fire Chief , James Harrington , said an ember from Flowers 's cigarette likely fell on to his shirt while he was driving along Chili Avenue -LRB- pictured -RRB- shortly before 9 am on March 9 , causing him to burn alive . The three rescuers removed Flowers 's smoldering clothing and wrapped him in a blanket that one of the women , named as Deborah Zielinski of Henrietta and Kathy Baleno of Gates , had in her trunk . ` I 've just never seen anything like it , ' Peters concluded . ` It was like newspapers catching on fire . ' Flowers was subsequently transported to hospital , where he never recovered . At the time , Gates 's Fire Chief , James Harrington , said an ember from Flowers 's cigarette likely fell on to his shirt . The flammable nature of the pensioner 's clothing will have only strengthened the flames , he added .