The plastic surgeon who gave a ` Brazilian butt lift ' to a young Australian tourist who died during the procedure lost another patient just a year before her tragic death , it has been revealed . The family of Evita Nicole Sarmonikas arrived back in Sydney on Tuesday from Mexico where they flew on a mission to bring her body home , after being pressured to have her remains created before an official autopsy could be carried out following her death in March this year . It has now been revealed Dr Victor Ramirez , of the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali , the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California , operated on Roseann Falcon Ornelas in 2014 . Australian woman Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery last month in Mexico . The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Ramirez , and began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation , and was in so much pain she could not move . Ms Ornelas sister Belinda Munoz told The ABC 's 7 30 Report that she ` sat there in a mess of fluids and blood just oozing out of her body causing her to be soaked in bed . And yet the clinic associates refuse to change her bedding or help in any way . ' Ms Munoz said that she wished she had spoken out about Dr Ramirez when her sister died , and that ` now the beautiful Evita is gone . My heart breaks for her family ' . 29-year-old Evita Sarmonikas , from the Gold Coast , was admitted to Hospital Quirurgico del Valle on March 20 while on holiday with her boyfriend , and died on the same day . Her sister Andrea told 7 30 Report that the clinic in Mexicali attempted to convince Ms Sarmonikas boyfriend to have her body cremated before an official autopsy could be conducted . Her family insisted that an independent inquest into her death be arranged , and flew over to Mexico to collect her body . ` I knew I had to go over . I was n't going to let her body leave without having a proper investigation , ' Andrea told 7 30 . Dr Ramirez lost another patient the year before Ms Sarmonikas died on his operating table . Ms Sarmonikas ' sister Andrea told 7 30 Report that the clinic in Mexicali attempted to convince Ms Sarmonikas boyfriend to have her body cremated before an official autopsy could be conducted . Ms Sarmonikas 's sister and her mother flew to Mexico to collect her body after an official autopsy . When Andrea and her grieving mother arrived in Mexico , they were handed paperwork that Ms Sarmonikas was meant to have filled out before surgery , and found that sections were incomplete . Ms Sarmonikas ' sister said that the autopsy also highlighted discrepancies in the report prepared by the Mexican clinic . ` It 's information that confirms this needs to be investigated seriously and that there are some irregularities that need to be clarified , ' she said . The President of the College of Plastic Surgeons in Mexicali confirmed that Dr Ramirez 's certification had lapsed , and that he had been stood down until after the investigation into Ms Sarmonikas ' death had been completed . ` Currently , due to issues referring to our association 's guidelines , statutes , and rules , he is temporarily suspended from duty , ' Marco Antonio Gutierrez Lamadrid said . The Hospital Quirurgico del Valle has also been closed down amid dozens of reports of poor hygiene , outdated facilities and unsafe practices . An inspection also discovered inadequate operating theatres , insufficient post operative care and outdated medical devices , according to Proceso . The Australian Medical Association has warned Australians of the danger of travelling to developing countries to seek cosmetic surgery . The AMA 's vice president Dr Stephen Parnis said that doctors would often see complications such as bleeding , wound breakdown , and wound complications in patients who underwent the procedures . Ms Saarmonikas died at the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali , the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California . Andrea Sarmonikas said that the clinic 's report revealed inconsistencies . The family of American woman Belinda Munoz , who died after being operated on by Dr Ramorez , said they wished they had spoken out after her death . ` What we see from time to time is things like infections , often with highly resistant bugs that we do n't see in Australia , ' Dr Parnis said . ` We have no information about the original procedure and it often makes it more difficult to care for that person in the absence of that vital medical information , ' he said . Dr Parnis said that Australia had a ` world-class ' level of care and that regulation was taken seriously . ` That often does not occur in other parts of the world . And that is important because that is an important check on the standards provided so that we can find if there is an adverse outcome and why it happens , ' he said . A statement from Ms Sarmonikas ' family released a statement urging other women not to ` risk death to improve on perfection ' . ` The autopsy showed Eva went into cardiac arrest following surgery . The hospitals ' only response was to cling to their waiver , removing themselves from any liability , ' a family member wrote on the Facebook group . ` There have been no answers and their only offer of ` cooperation ' was an urgency to return her to us in the form of ashes . The Australian Embassy has strongly advised we do not allow this to happen , ' the statement said . ` Evita as we knew her on earth would be devastated at the amount of attention she is receiving at the moment , as she was extremely private and worked very hard to never be a burden on anybody , ' her family wrote . ` However the abundance of love that we all hold for her is propelling the action that needs to be taken before she be laid to rest , and she deserves that . ' Dr Victor Ramirez 's name made headlines in 2012 after he used a photo of Kim Kardashian on a billboard to advertise his services . Tributes have poured in for Evita Nicole Sarmonikas -LRB- right , pictured with friend Sherri Burton -RRB- after her death in a Mexican hospital last week . Ms Sarmonikas 's family did not at first say what procedure Evita was undergoing before she died but they explained : ` As beautiful as Evita was inside and out . She was still filled with certain inadequacies . As almost every woman on earth does . ' ` Her perfect and whole soul was not strong enough in light of a world that constantly bombarded her with an urgency to demand more from herself and her body , ' they explained . ` She never demanded anything from anybody , but was always out giving her people . These near perfect graphic comparisons our young women are bombarded with from get go are too much for innocent hearts to battle , and the consequences are fatal when not conducted by adequate professionals . ` These doctors promised her more perfection to fill an emptiness that began developing early in our childhood . This emptiness further expanded with traumatic experiences in her adult life and the constant social boarding of a false beauty illusion , ' they Facebook post continued . Her sister Andrea has urged others not too risk their lives in the pursuit of what they perceive as beauty . ` This was not the way to go home , no woman should risk death to improve on perfection , ' they said . ` Tomorrow morning when you look in the mirror say to yourself ` I am enough , I am worthy , I am perfect just the way I am ' . ` Do n't listen to a world that is hungry to fill your insecurities with poison . Stop feeding an industry that hates humans , especially women in the natural state and their perfect birth bodies . Do it for Eva , do it for you . ' The doctor who performed the procedure , Dr Ramirez , made headlines in 2012 after he used a photo of the famously curvaceous reality star Kim Kardashian on a billboard to advertise his services . A Facebook tribute page has been set up for Evita to share advice and support and to help fundraise to bring her body home to Australia . Tributes have also poured in from friends and family , vowing to remember her as a happy woman . The billboard was accompanied with the slogan ` No arriesgue su belleza , ni su salud ' , which translates as ` Do n't risk your beauty or your health ' - a bid to encourage people to visit a professional plastic surgeon instead of an unsafe one . Dr Ramirez 's website says the ideal candidate for buttock augmentation surgery is someone with ` lack of volume of the buttocks ' . ` Currently , the safest way to achieve the desired results through buttock augmentation is using silicone implants , ' an outline of the procedure which takes 2 and a half hours reads . ` Although it might seem easy and economical , never allow anyone to inject substances that increase the volume of the buttocks through the injection of oily substances because the damage that they cause is irreversible due to the fact that the modelling agents can not be extracted from your body and will generate serious problems the rest of your life . ' The news comes after emotional tributes poured in for Ms Sarmonkias from friends and family . ` Eva my heart , my love , my joy . Where are you ? I need you . We were meant to grow old together and still be conquering life hand in hand as sisters . I 'm still not understanding . I have n't been able to sleep , ' Sherri Burton wrote . Ms Burton recalled the last time the pair spoke , and the final day they spent together before Ms Sarmonkias went overseas . ` The last thing you wrote to me , about 7 hours before you went to be with our Heavenly Father , was `` wish you were here with me '' . You always thought about me when you were having fun and wanted me to experience it . ` It has been 7 days since you were physically with me in this very room I 'm typing in . Sitting on this very chair , ' the tribute continued . ` Eva ... There are not enough words to express how I feel about you . Thank you for loving me . I am honoured to have received such love . I am honoured to call you my sister . Ms Sarmonkias worked as a receptionist at LJ Hooker in Surfer 's Paradise , and her former colleagues have remembered her as bubbly , bright and beautiful young woman . ` The LJ Hooker Surfers Paradise Network is deeply saddened to hear of the sudden passing of one of our past employees Eva Sarmonikas , ' a statement read . ` With the bubbliest and brightest personality anyone could ever imagine it was a pleasure to hear her wonderful voice at the other end of the line .