Britain 's aid budget may have to soar by hundreds of millions of pounds a year because of new EU rules , it has emerged . Despite the fact that the UK has now met the controversial target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid , changes to Brussels accounting rules could bump up the bill even more . Official figures released this week reveal that Britain met the target last year , spending £ 11.7 billion on foreign aid projects . The UK is now the second largest aid donor in the world . Spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £ 1billion over the next two years because of new EU rules . But new EU accounting rules -- to which Britain has signed up -- are being brought in which change the way national income is measured . The new total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running . It means that Gross National Income will rise -- pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the 0.7 per cent target . One aid expert said it could mean an increase of £ 500million in the aid budget in 2016 and 2017 . The news that Britain 's overseas contributions will swell even further was unpopular with Tory backbenchers , many of whom believe it was wrong to spend so much when the defence budget faces cuts . Sir Gerald Howarth , a former Tory defence minister , said : ` What is the point of this arbitrary figure of spending 0.7 per cent of GDP ? ` The idea that if we spend this amount all the world 's problems will end is absurd , or that by providing that magic figure we suddenly become paragons of virtue . ` If a change in the formula means the British taxpayer has to contribute yet more in overseas aid ... a lot of people will start questioning the largesse of this country . There are many military figures who just do n't see the logic of putting money into aid instead of defence . ' The new accounting rules are being phased in and the Department for International Development said they would only apply from 2016 . Britain met the 0.7 per cent aid target thanks to a frantic effort that meant increasing the budget by 30 per cent in one year . A highly critical Commons report found that ministers had splurged large amounts in the final months -- with few checks -- just so they could say they had met the target . And last November an independent report slammed DfID for a failure to tackle corruption in developing countries . Late last year , the change to EU accountancy rules landed Britain with a huge £ 1.7 billion increase in contributions to Brussels . Nigel Farage -LRB- left -RRB- has called for the foreign aid budget to be cut by up to £ 10billion . Millions of pounds of British aid money could be sent to war-torn Eritrea -- despite warnings it will be misused by the brutal regime . Diplomatic sources say the European Commission is drawing up plans for a potential £ 240million aid package to help stem the tide of asylum seekers heading for the EU . The move would mean a six-fold increase in the level of EU aid to the African state , with Britain 's share amounting to around £ 31million . Campaigners say Eritrea has one of the worst human rights records in the world , with thousands of political activists locked up and tortured and citizens forced to do military service into their seventies . The move will also raise concerns about the lack of accountability attached to the £ 1.1 billion Britain hands to the EU to disperse each year . More than 20 campaign groups and academics have signed an open letter calling for a halt to the aid package until Eritrea agrees to comply with a UN inquiry . They say the EU may be acting illegally by handing money to the country , which has been ruled by dictator Isaias Afewerki since 1993 .