Chatting happily and smiling during a peaceful walk in the grounds of their Scottish country home , they could be any long-married couple enjoying a stroll . But this is the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall and the intimate shot marks not 40 years of marriage but 10 . The couple , who married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall , are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside . Scroll down for video . Portrait of a happy marriage : Charles and Camilla in the new photo released to mark their 10th anniversary . Big day : The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall on their wedding day a decade ago . Birkhall , which sits on the Queen 's Balmoral estate , was the location for their honeymoon and was also the venue for their first anniversary celebrations . The new image , which is the work of top photographer Oliver Dann , was taken in the run-up to last month 's visit to the U.S but was released by Clarence House today . In it , Charles wears a country coat made from Inveravon Estate Tweed and a matching hat by Lock & Co , while Camilla sports a hat by the same firm and a coat by Moncler . Charles and Camilla finally married following a relationship spanning 35 years in a relatively quiet civil ceremony at the Windsor Guildhall on the 9th April 2005 . Despite fears that the couple would be booed - Camilla was reportedly so nervous that she had to be dragged out of bed - the ceremony went off without a hitch . Since then , the Duchess of Cornwall as she is now known , has become an integral part of the Royal Family - and would be cheerfully accepted as Charles ' queen by 50 per cent of Britons . That marks a significant turnaround from the Duchess ' earliest days as a royal , with Camilla following Charles ' lead and often appearing nervous in front of photographers . But her enthusiastic championing of causes ranging from osteoporosis to sexual abuse survivors has not gone unnoticed and her relationship with the Queen is now said to be close . ` Her role has changed dramatically , ' explains royal biographer Penny Junor . ` One minute she was a mistress and then she was an HRH . ` When she first married Charles she was very nervous . On her wedding day , she was terrified . She had no idea if she would be booed in the street . ` In fact , there was a very warm reception . The streets were packed in Windsor . She has slowly gained courage and confidence . Initially she was very much in the background , supporting the Prince and she still does that . ` She 's never had any ambition for herself . She did n't want to be a princess or a duchess . She just happened to love a man who was the Prince of Wales and look at the fuss that caused . She does n't want to be a star or be curtseyed to . Happy : The pair are all smiles as they arrive at the British ambassador 's residence in Washington last month . Cheers ! Charles and Camilla pictured enjoying a dram during a visit to Birkhall last summer . ` But slowly , slowly she has become much more involved in royal life and taken on an awful lot of charitable causes . ' The Duchess is now patron or president of 85 charities , joint patron or president with the Prince of four , and is affiliated to a number of other organisations . Ms Junor added : ` It 's really , really valued by those charities . She works extremely hard . Having been a woman who up to her mid-50s had been a wife and a mother and a country woman who enjoyed horses and dogs , she 's completely reinvented herself and become an ambassador for the country . ' In 2013 , Camilla made her first ever appearance at the State Opening of Parliament wearing a glamorous champagne silk and lace Bruce Oldfield gown . The Duchess , whose presence was seen as a boost for Charles , topped that with the Queen Mother 's priceless Boucheron tiara and the Dame Grand Cross of the Victoria Order sash . She returned for the 2014 state opening as well and is expected to return once again for this year 's event . Close : Prince William and the Duchess of Cornwall share a joke during last September 's Invictus Games . Support : The Queen shares a carriage with Camilla during the Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012 . One is amused : Camilla laughs with Prince Harry and the Duchess of Cornwall during the Diamond Jubilee . Similarly styled : The Duchess ' dress sense has also evolved over the last 10 years and is much like her daughter-in-law 's . The Duchess has also carried out joint engagements with the Queen and in November hosted a reception on behalf of the monarch for the Commonwealth Essay competition . During the Diamond Jubilee in 2012 , the Queen and Camilla sat side-by-side in the ornate 1902 state landau - a step that would have been inconceivable a decade earlier . The Duke of Edinburgh had fallen ill and the Prince of Wales and Camilla stepped in to ride with the monarch in the carriage procession back to Buckingham Palace . But it was Camilla , not Charles who was seated next to the Jubilee Queen . She was present too on stage , standing next to the sovereign , as Charles paid tribute to his mother at the finale of a pop concert in front of the Palace . During the Golden Jubilee concert in 2002 , prior to her marriage to the Prince , Camilla was seated several rows behind Charles . On Charles and Camilla 's seventh wedding anniversary in 2012 , the Queen made the Duchess a Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order -LRB- GCVO -RRB- - a personal seal of approval from the monarch . ` I do n't think that the Queen has ever had any personal animosity to Camilla . In the Eighties and Nineties when Charles and Diana were at each other 's throats , Camilla was seen to be the cause and it threatened to destabilise the monarchy , ' says Ms Junor . ` The Queen has always been fond of Camilla . She knew her for years and years , long before she was involved in the break up of the marriage . ' She added : ` The Queen reacts to public opinion . Once the public were going to accept Camilla , the Queen was able to accept her publicly . ` They 've got a great deal in common . They 're mad about horses , dogs . They 're country women . ' When Camilla married Charles , aides insisted she did not want to be known as queen when the Prince acceded to the throne but intended to be known as princess consort instead . But according to some legal experts , unless there is change in the law , Camilla will technically become queen when Charles is king - no matter what she decides to call herself . At the time of her engagement to the Prince in 2005 , a poll showed that only seven per cent of people believed Camilla should one day be queen . Happily married : Charles has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since his marriage . Close : The Duchess has always known how to make Charles laugh and he ` adores her ' in return . Royal duties : With half of Britons supporting the idea , it is increasingly likely that Camilla will become queen . A decade later , half of all Britons say she should become queen when Charles takes the throne according to a poll by YouGov . A third think she should be given a lesser title out of sensitivity to Diana , Princess of Wales and 16 per cent were unsure . When the Prince was put on the spot and asked if Camilla would be his queen in an interview in November 2010 , he replied : ` That 's , that 's , we 'll see , wo n't we ? That could be . ' ` I think there 's still a hard core of people out there who want nothing to do with Camilla and think she 's the devil incarnate but the vast majority think she 's a good thing , ' adds Ms Junor . ` She is familiar now as any member of the Royal Family . She 's a fixture . It would be very strange if she were not called queen . ` I think she will be embraced and think the public will have no problem with it whatsoever . Charles is hugely proud of her and she 's so important to him . ` He adores her . He wants her by his side - that 's an absolute given . ' Born Camilla Rosemary Shand on the 17th July 1947 , the Duchess of Cornwall 's 67 years have undoubtedly been interesting ones . The daughter of Major Bruce Middleton Hope Shand and his wife Rosalind , the Duchess was born in London but spent much of her childhood in Sussex along with her siblings , Annabel and Mark . According to her biographer Giles Brandreth , her upbringing , although not royal , was certainly a grand one . ` Camilla is often described as having had an `` Enid Blyton sort of Childhood '' , ' he writes . ` In fact , it was much grander than that . ` The Shands had position and they had help -- help in the house , help in the garden , help with children . ` They were gentry . They opened their garden for the local Conservative Party Association summer fête . Enough said . ' After a stint at a Swiss finishing school , Camilla burst onto the London social scene as a debutante on the 25th March 1965 . But it was n't all fun , with the future Duchess of Cornwall working as a secretary for a succession of London firms to pay for her Belgravia flat , which she shared with Lady Moyra Campbell . In the late 1960s , Camilla met the man who was to become her first husband , cavalry officer Andrew Parker-Bowles , with the couple dating off and on for several years - with Mr Parker-Bowles striking up a relationship with Princess Anne at one point . Camilla , meanwhile , had struck up a relationship with Prince Charles , who was first introduced to her sometime in 1971 . When the couple split following an overseas posting for Charles in 1973 , Camilla reconciled with Parker-Bowles and the couple announced their engagement and married the same year . Two children followed . Tom in 1974 and Laura in 1978 . But it was her continuing relationship with Prince Charles that would come to define her , with the former couple remaining close friends even after both had married other people . In 1992 , claims that the two had remained an item throughout both marriages emerged when Diana : Her True Story was published , followed , a year later by the ` Camillagate ' scandal . By 1995 , both marriages had come to an end and Charles and Camilla were unofficially back together , with the future Duchess often seen attending events with the prince . Royal acceptance soon followed with the Queen making Camilla part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations in 2002 . A year later , the Duchess moved into Clarence House and on the 10th February 2005 , Charles and Camilla 's engagement was announced . The couple married just under two months later in Windsor , with Camilla taking the title of the Duchess of Cornwall .