Take it away : Raymond Allen , who opened the first KFC franchise , said he thinks the restaurant is ` dreadful ' and wo n't eat there again . The businessman who brought KFC to the UK but has only ever eaten it once , says he will not go again and branded the fast-food chain ` dreadful . ' Raymond Allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in Preston , Lancashire , in 1965 . He had become a personal friend of Harland ` the Colonel ' Sanders after meeting during a conference in Chicago 50 years ago . Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices - and is a closely guarded secret by the firm . But the 87-year-old , from Jersey in the Channel islands , said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it 's been ` ruined ' and would never set foot in one again . He said : ` We have got one where I now live , but I would not go in there . I do n't use it and I think it is dreadful . The company has ruined the product . ` Instead of staying with one good thing that was sellable , they have tried to compete with the other fast food units . They should have just stuck with the chicken . ' His wife Shirley , 84 , said : ` We tried KFC only once about a year ago . ` We had the traditional original chicken but there were so many different products it was difficult to know what to order . I do n't think we will go back . ' After the chance meeting in Chicago , Mr Allen helped Sanders establish the UK side of his empire while he was still a small-time restaurant owner in Louisville , Kentucky . He also gave him valuable advice on the legal side of the business including patents and was paid to seek out suitable locations for other branches across the world . He said : ` The Colonel was a very kind man , who was very forthright . ` But at the time we met he was a small-time Southern State restaurant owner , and I knew a lot about patents or registered trademarks . ` We had heard about him before the meeting . But when we first met him , he had only one franchisee in America who sold the chicken as a menu item in his restaurant . ` We were in the fast food business and thought it would be the ideal product to sell in a takeaway . ` We had several Wimpy bars so decided to convert them into KFC . That is what we did with the first one in Preston . ' Mr Allen said he has a personal hand-written copy of the secret recipe for the unique taste of KFC chicken which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices . He said : ` It is a lengthy recipe . I think there are 11 herbs and spices but I ca n't remember it off the top of my head so I could n't tell you even if I wanted to . ` Dreadful ' : A KFC restaurant like the first one opened by Mr Allen in Preston , Lancashire . He said he ate one recently and found it ` dreadful ' ` But it is locked away in a safe in a bank . We do n't really get asked much about it . Not many people know about our involvement in it . ` We are a low key and private family and do n't often talk about it . I have no idea how much it is worth but I would never sell it . ' At the peak of Mr Allen 's expansion of the franchise , he was opening a new shop every week through cash flow . He said : ` We were in a race against time with McDonalds as we both wanted to get the best sites . ` We wanted to expand a bit quicker than that so I walked the streets of London to go to a bank . ` We needed £ 100,000 trying to raise the money - but all the banks said there was no future in the business . ' His company KFC UK Ltd , was eventually able to obtain a loan from Heublein Inc , a USA company which at the time owned Smirnoff Vodka . He said : ` They saw how well we were doing and lent us the money on condition that we sold the business once we had opened 100 units . That was what we did . ' Mr Sanders had started his KFC business in 1930 at a service station in Corbin , Kentucky , where he began cooking for hungry travellers who stopped there for fuel , using a secret recipe for the coating of the restaurant 's fried chicken . It became so popular that by 1935 the Governor of Kentucky made Mr Sanders a Kentucky Colonel in recognition of his promotion of the American state . Following the meeting Mr Allen acquired the rights to expand the KFC franchise outside the US , and returned home with big plans . He said : ` It was slow to catch on at first because people did n't know what it was . ` In the UK in those days chicken was something you ate for Sunday dinner . It was way before its time . We had to give it away to passers-by initially . ` We would only use fresh chickens , and they had to be two and a half pounds in weight . It was initially difficult to source the chickens because of the demand . ' In recognition of his achievements in business , Mr Allen was named a Freeman of the City of London in 1979 and was commissioned a Kentucky Colonel in 1965 . Mr and Mrs Allen sold the business in 1973 .