A tiny oil painting that was kept in an attic for years and thought to be worth just £ 300 has now sold for more than £ 120,000 at auction . The oil painting - which measures nine inches by seven - of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a ` follower ' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco . But the selling price suggests the untitled , undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself . Auctioneer Richard Bromell -LRB- pictured -RRB- gave the tiny painting an estimated value of about £ 300 to £ 400 but it ended up selling for more than £ 120,000 . It was acquired by the owner 's late father in the 1970s for very little . He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter , who shares his name . And it was inherited by his son , who has not been named , who kept it in his loft for the past eight years before deciding to sell it following a clear-out . Auctioneer Richard Bromell , of Charterhouse Auctioneers of Sherborne , Dorset , gave the work an estimated value of between £ 300 and £ 400 . But after advertising the sale , interest in the work took off . And feverish bidding , final hammer price was £ 98,000 and came to £ 120,932 with all the fees added on . Mr Bromell said : ` I rung the client after the sale and just told him it sold for ninety-eight . He asked ` what pounds ? ' And I told him it was £ 98,000 . ` He said he needed to sit down . When he came down off the ceiling he was very , very pleased . I think if he had been offered £ 500 for it before the auction he would have snapped your hand off . ' The oil painting -LRB- right -RRB- was believed to have been the work of a follower of 16th century renaissance master El Greco -LRB- left -RRB- but the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself . Mr Bromell explained it was very difficult to judge the painting . He said : ` We described it as by a follower of El Greco because that is what it looked like and I still think that to be the case . ` It was a very interesting picture and very hard to value . ` If you asked three people the question ` how much is it worth ? ' you would get three different answers . One reputable gallery stopped bidding at £ 10,000 because that was how much they were prepared to pay for it . ` Obviously as least two people thought it was worth the money because the bidding just went up and up . ` We must have advertised it well because all the right people attended the sale . On the day of the sale I thought it might go for a few thousand pounds so we were obviously delighted with the outcome . ` People play their cards very close to their chest at these things and the person who bought it came in and was only interested in this item and nothing else . '