Six hostages who hid in a supermarket freezer during January 's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege . Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces . The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . Patrick Klugman , a lawyer representing the six survivors , said images broadcast from Hyper Cacher on January 9 ` lacked the most basic precautions ' and endangered those still alive inside . Scroll down for video . Police storm the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket , killing an Islamist terrorist in hail of gunfire . Six hostages who hid in a freezer during the Islamist attacks have sued French media for broadcasting their location live . Terrorist : Amedy Coulibaly slaughtered customers during the siege at the Hyper Cacher store . Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air . He singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV which revealed live on air that the group - including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby - was hiding in the freezer . They had been taken to the cold room by one of the supermarket 's employees . ` The working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime , ' Mr Klugman told AFP Thursday , roundly criticising coverage by other outlets of the movements by security forces during the standoff . The lives of those hiding ` could have been at risk if Coulibaly had been aware in real time what BFMTV was broadcasting , ' Klugman said . He added that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with BFMTV journalists . The lawsuit charges media with endangering the lives of others by deliberately ignoring security protocols , which carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and a € 15,000 -LRB- £ 11,000 -RRB- fine . Extraordinary pictures emerged in the days after the siege showing the hostage huddled together for warmth amid cardboard boxes of food inside the freezer . Defying terror : Hyper Cacher reopened last month with a vow to ` show that life is stronger than barbarity ' One woman is seen cradling her child , while in another image a hostage sends a text message to a loved one . Hearing shots , shoppers at the back of the store fled downstairs to the storeroom where they huddled together in temperatures of -3 C -LRB- 27F -RRB- . Fearing they would not escape alive , they made what they believed would be their last calls to family to tell them they loved them . One man , known only as Ilan , was with his young son and quickly removed his jacket and wrapped him in it as they cowered in freezer for nearly five hours before Coulibaly was shot dead . The Kouachi brothers were also killed after three days of attacks that killed a total of 17 people and deeply shocked France and the world . Hyper Cacher finally reopened last month with a vow to ` show that life is stronger than barbarity ' .