Hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle 's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down . A staff member in Doyle 's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police . The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday , reports Triblive . Temporary shutdown : Capitol Police secure as officers begin to remove hazmat suits in a hallway in the Cannon House Office Building after a suspicious powder was discovered on Wednesday . A powdery white substance was found in the office of Rep. Mike Doyle , D-Forest Hills -LRB- pictured -RRB- but it was found to be a non-harmful substance . The congressman said that the Capitol police were ` prompt and professional . ' The white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the September 11 attacks . After testing , assistant who opened the envelope was not advised to seek medical attention and was simply told to wash her hands . Doyle was concerned for the well-being of his staffer but remained calm throughout the ordeal and maintained a sense of humor . ` I 'm sure they wo n't forget their visit , ' Doyle said of the four visitors under lockdown in his office along with his staff . ` I live in Pittsburgh . We 're not afraid of anything , ' Doyle joked , according to the Hill Blotter . ` All clear with nothing hazardous found . The area has been reopened , ' department spokesman Shennell Antrobus said in an email . The testing lasted just under two hours . The substance has not yet been identified and neither has its sender but an investigation is ongoing . Fearful : Capitol Hill workers wait as Capitol Police secure a hallway in the Cannon House Office Building after a suspicious powder was discovered at the Cannon House office building office of Rep. Mike Doyle .