Media personality Miranda Devine has apologised after calling a rugby player a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language . Flanker David Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team , the Brumbies , who were on their way to a win against the Highlanders at Canberra Stadium on Friday night . Devine tweeted : ` Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ?!!! What a tosser ! ' But unfortunately for Devine , it was n't actually the hand shaking gesture that 's become popular recently - the flanker and former Australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend , which Pocock pointed out in reply . Miranda Devine has apologised after calling David Pocock a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language . Devine had assumed a gesture Pocock had made after scoring a try on Friday night was ` jazz hands ' Devine tweeted : ` Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ?!!! What a tosser ! ' After the match , Pocock responded to Devine that she 'd misinterpreted his hand movements . ` It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping . I have a friend who 's first language is Auslan so it was for her ... ' he tweeted . Ms Devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement . ` That 's really nice . Sorry I misjudged . Glad it was n't jazz hands ! And congrats on your hat trick , ' she replied , alongside an emoji of two open hands . This emoji can be interpreted as showing praise for someone or -- fittingly -- jazz hands . ` It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping . I have a friend who 's first language is Auslan so it was for her ... ' Pocock tweeted in return . Ms Devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement . Pocock was gracious in his reply , tweeting ` thanks , Miranda . That 's totally fine . Also glad it was n't `` jazz hands '' , ' accompanied by a smiley face . Pocock was gracious in his reply , tweeting ` thanks , Miranda . That 's totally fine . Also glad it was n't `` jazz hands '' , ' accompanied by a smiley face . However , other social media users were n't as quick to forgive . ` In fairness , Devine apologised to Pocock . But really : -LRB- 1 -RRB- what kind of adult writes a tweet like that ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- WHAT 'S WRONG WITH JAZZ HANDS , ' columnist Benjamin Law tweeted . ` Egg , meet face , ' Criag Wilson wrote . Other social media users were n't as quick to forgive Devine , despite her quick apology . But others were perfectly fine with jazz hands : ` Am I the only one that thinks jazz hands would have been totally acceptable also ? ' tweeted Kim O'Neill . Others on social media were more understanding , taking the view that ` accidents happen ' . ` And you 've * never * made a dumb *** assumption/judgement ? ' the woman wrote to someone who had condemned Ms Devine 's comment . ` We 're all capable of foot-in-mouth . '