The next stage of evolution may well be upon us after a monkey unscrewed the lid of a water bottle and took a drink . Filmed on a hot day in Bali , Indonesia the video , shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber , shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide , who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . As the monkey continues to approach , the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk -- as if aware of what the monkey may do next . The monkey interactes with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . With bottle in hand , the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst . Shaking its head , it flicks the water from itself and , rather like a human would , lifts a finger to its face to wipe the residue from its eye . It then stands the bottle up on its side and while supporting it with its right hand , casually unscrews the cap with its left -- all the while it stares nonchalantly at the camera . The monkey recieves the bottle and holds it in its hands before attempting to quench its thirst . A bystanders gasps as the monkey casually unscrews the cap with its hand and throws it to one side . A bystanders gasps and says : ` He knows how to open the cap , ' as the monkey chucks it to the side and lifts the bottle to its mouth . Tilting its head back , the primate then begins gulping down the liquid -- remarkably spilling very little , although some water is visible dripping down its face . Stopping for a break , the monkey casually holds the bottle in its right hand while posing for the camera . The monkey tilts its head back and begins gulping down the water , spilling very little of the liquid on its face . Before gently wiping its mouth and having another drink of water . The video later pans out slightly to show a number of people standing around watching in awe of the monkey . And concludes with satisfied primate placing the bottle in its mouth and heading off away from the crowd . The monkey stops to take a break , wipes its face and then has another drink before running off with the bottle .