` Everybody loves Harry ' exclaimed a disgruntled Ian Wright , at the very thought of anything to the contrary . ` What you on about ? ' Alongside Wrighty , Steve McManaman also defended his honour . ` He 's been hugging everybody ' , laughed Macca . All of this because Jake Humphrey teasingly suggested to Harry Redknapp he was in ` hostile territory ' as BT Sport brought us the lunchtime game from the Emirates between Arsenal and Liverpool . Not since his aching knees took him away from the touchline have we seen Harry pitch side at a Premier League ground . Well , that break seemed to have done him the power of good as the former Tottenham gaffer chuckled at Jake 's notion . ` Not easy ' , he smiled . ` But so far so good ' . Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool . And it was indeed good to see Redknapp back in the role of pundit at a live game . His joints may be letting him down at the moment , but his wit and football nous seems to have remained undiminished as he joined in with the conversations that surrounded this crucial , and topical game . Coming into the match , Raheem Sterling had almost single-handedly managed to nearly shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get . And Harry had a view on both aspects . First he addressed Sterling 's contribution on the pitch , saying Liverpool had ` got away with it to a point ' in playing him in recent games at wing back . But added that in this one ` he needs to play that free role ' . Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for Saturday 's Premier League encounter at the Emirates . While on the young player 's future at the the club , for Harry there was only one position . ` I think he needs to sign his contract . Get on with his football . ' Wright and Macca were in totally agreement , stating in tandem ` he does ' when asked if they thought he wanted to play his football at Liverpool ? When it came to a discussion on the title race , Harry was once again unswerving in his opinion . And you knew he was making a serious point because he was willing to back it with money against Wright . ` We 'll have a tenner ' , he suggested to the laughing former Arsenal hero . ` I 'll have Chelsea . You 've got the Gunners . ' During the first half , a definite winner was commentator Ian Darke who had one of those moments all the men behind the lip mics dream of . ` Interesting , before the match we saw Mesut Ozil practise exactly this kind of free kick ' , he told us as the German stood over the ball . The fact that just a few seconds later the same ball was now nestled in the back of Liverpool 's net allowed Darke a well earned denouement . ` It 's Ozil . And it 's in . Practise makes perfect ' . Ian Wrighty and Steve McManaman were quick to defend former Tottenham boss Redknapp . The presentation team were now in the studio at the break . Harry giving them knees a rest in the comfy chairs . And from where he was sitting he might just have been able to see the copy of his book placed strategically in shot just behind Humphrey . So Harry was relaxed , but he was n't resting on his laurels . When it became clear Daniel Sturridge was going to be coming on for the second half , Redknapp was quick to question Brendan Rodgers decision-making regarding the player . ` What 's he supposed to be , Superman ? Turn it around ' , was Redknapps reaction . And he added , ` If he 's fit enough to come on now , why was n't he fit enough to start the game ? ' As we know , Daniel had failed to wear his red underpants outside his shorts and the game was lost . Leaving a disgruntled Brendan Rodgers to put a brave face on it in his post-match chat . At this moment , had there been anything hanging in the studio air regarding Redknapp 's future in football management , he managed to snuff that thought out most effectively . Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in the Premier League clash at the Emirates on Saturday . Picking up on Rodgers ' pain straight away , Harry told us , shifting uncomfortably in that comfy chair , ` that 's the most difficult thing , to stand there and smile . You ca n't believe how low you go . It 's scary at times . It 's how it gets you ' , he continued before reflecting , ` when it stops -LRB- itals -RRB- getting you like that , that is the time to pack it up . Perhaps that 's why I packed it up ! ' . That little punchline punctured the gloom and brought the house down . It was the perfect moment to put to rest any suggestion that Harry Redknapp had departed from the game he clearly still loves . Perhaps those old knees will stop him stalking the space in front of his team 's dug out ? But it is unlikely to stop him from talking on the screens in front of us where I reckon he always was and clearly remains , great value . Even at an even tenner .