The Afghan Taliban has published a bizarre biography of their ` charismatic ' supreme leader Mullah Omar - praising the one-eyed terrorist 's ` special ' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers . In a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of ISIS in the central Asian country , the Taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the extremist in celebration of his 19th year as leader . The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion . The biography , posted just after midnight on the Taliban 's main website , described Mullah Omar as being actively involved in ` jihadi activities ' , dispelling speculation that he died long ago . ` Special sense of humour ' : In a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of ISIS in Afghanistan , the Taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the one-eyed extremist -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- . Weapon of choice : The Taliban 's bizarre biography of their ` charismatic ' supreme leader Mullah Omar praises the one-eyed terrorist 's ` special ' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Despite being ` regularly tracked by the enemy , no major change and disruption has been observed in the routine works of -LSB- Mullah Omar -RSB- in ... organising the jihadi activities as the leader of the Islamic Emirate , ' it said . ` He keenly follows and inspects the ... activities against the brutal infidel foreign invaders . ' Lionising the militant 's ` charismatic personality ' , the biography also contained several anecdotes of battlefield valour and described the RPG-7 grenade launcher as his ` preferred weapon of choice ' . The enigmatic , remote figure has not made a public appearance since the 2001 invasion , and has hardly ever been photographed . The US State Department - which has a $ 10 million bounty on his head - only describes him as a tall male with a shrapnel wound to the right eye . Enemies : The Taliban -LRB- pictured -RRB- have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with Mullah Omar who has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion . Jihadi rivalry : The Taliban clearly fears the growing influence within its ranks of the Islamic State - the terrorist organisation led by Iraqi extremist and self-appointed caliph , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The Taliban 's surprise move to release his richly-detailed biography , even describing his personal and family life , took security analysts by surprise . ` The Taliban have posted Omar 's biography for several strategic reasons - the most important of which is to counter Daesh influence in their ranks , ' said Ahmad Sayedi , an expert on the Taliban , alluding to the Arabic abbreviation for the Islamic State terror group . ` This announcement is also meant to show that Omar is alive and well and still in control as the supreme leader of the Taliban . ' In the past 13 years , Omar has stayed completely out of the public eye amid growing power struggles within the Taliban and fears of ISIS ' influence in their ranks as an ideological rival . The Afghan government has also raised the ominous prospect of ISIS making inroads into the country , though the group that has taken over swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria has never formally acknowledged having a presence in Afghanistan . In February a US-led NATO drone strike killed a former Taliban commander and a Guantanamo detainee suspected of links to ISIS in the volatile southern province of Helmand . Former fighters : Three former Taliban members carry their weapons during a handover as they join a government peace and reconciliation process at a ceremony in Herat . A US Department of Defense image obtained from November 2001 shows a leaflet the US were then dropping in Afghanistan showing pictures of Taliban leader Mullah Omar with the warning ` We are watching ! ' Mullah Abdul Rauf Khadim , who led around 300 men , had reportedly defected from the Taliban to join ISIS . The whereabouts of Omar remain a mystery but he is believed to be leading the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan from a hiding place somewhere in Pakistan . The news comes as Afghanistan 's senior Shiite community leader said ISIS was responsible for kidnapping dozens of Shiite men and boys in February . Mohammad Mohaqiq said two former Taliban leaders , who switched allegiance to ISIS , were responsible for the abduction of 31 members of the minority Shiite Hazara community on February 24 in southern Zabul province . It is the first time an Afghan leader has confirmed ISIS involvement in the kidnappings .