A white supremacist who allegedly shot dead his gay boss at a North Carolina community college after he was fired has been found sleeping on a Florida beach . Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in Daytona Beach , Florida , Goldsboro police Captain Dwayne Dean said . Stancil , who had a knife with him , was arrested without incident when Volusia County beach patrol officers found the suspect sleeping on the beach , which is a violation of a local ordinance . The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro , where he had previously studied , and shot dead the print shop director , Ron Lane . Arrested : Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , left , was arrested sleeping on a Florida beach early on Tuesday , nearly 24 hours after shooting dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane , right . Lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , had supervised Stancil under a work-study program but is believed to have recently fired him . Stancil 's mother , Debbie , confirmed to WNCN that Lane had fired her son without notice and claimed that Lane had ` made inappropriate sexual advances toward ' him . According to Lane 's Facebook page , he had been in a relationship with a man named Chuck Tobin . Tobin , 28 , vanished after leaving home last July and his remains were found in November . Police said on Tuesday that they are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime , although they refused to say what hate crime was being investigated . Goldsboro police and the Wayne County district attorney 's office said they will work to have Stancil extradited to North Carolina to face an open count of murder . Daytona Beach is about 540 miles south of Goldsboro and it is not yet clear how Stancil traveled the there . Authorities had previously said they believed he was still in North Carolina . Goldsboro city spokeswoman Kim Best said Stancil , a third-year student , had recently left the school but did not say when . Take over : A military style SWAT vehicle from the Johnston County Sheriff 's Office arrived at the college after the 8 am shooting on Monday . It is believed that Stancil targeted Lane before fleeing the building . Swoop : Authorities enter the home Stancil shares with his mother and two younger brothers on Monday . Search : They look through a vehicle outside the home on Monday as a massive manhunt was launched . According to police , Stancil walked into the building at 8 am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor - perhaps using a back staircase - and fired one shot , which killed Lane . First-year student Jovaun Williams , 24 , told The Associated Press that he was heading up a staircase inside the building when he heard a single muffled pop , which he knew was a gunshot . By the time he reached the ground floor again , he saw police officers running into the building , which houses the cafeteria and library , with their guns drawn . SWAT teams raced to Wayne Community College , the entire campus was evacuated , and the school was placed on lockdown , although it was lifted a few hours later . Authorities at one point thought they had cornered Stancil in a restroom and fired tear gas in a bid to get him out , but found it was not the shooter inside . Killed : Stancil , left , allegedly killed the long-time college employee , right , and faces one count of open murder . By his side : Stancil 's mother Debbie , pictured at his graduation , said Lane had fired him with no notice . Claim : Stancil 's mother has claimed that Lane , who was gay , had made unwanted sexual advances towards her son . Lane is pictured right with his boyfriend , Chuck Tobin , who was found dead last year . Nearby , the private Wayne County Day School - with about 300 students in prekindergarten through 12th grade - was also put on lockdown . Sheriff 's deputies also swarmed the home Stancil shared with his mother and two younger brothers . A next-door neighbor , Barbara Williams , said Stancil 's grandparents lived on the other side of the mobile home , where they operated an assisted living home . Williams said Stancil once helped her late husband when he fell out of his bed . ` He came over here and picked him right up and put him back on the bed , ' Williams said . ` I 've never had no problems with those kids . ... It just surprises me . ' On Facebook , he describes his interests as ` white pride ' and calls himself the ` White Knight ' . Evacuated : Students were seen congregating in the college parking lot on Monday morning . Clearing buildings : A line of about 20 to 30 students were escorted out of the campus with their hands up . Leaving : As the morning progressed students were escorted off the college campus by polic . He also has multiple white supremacist tattoos across his body , including ` Brother Hood ` across his neck and ' 88 ' beneath his eye . The number eight represents the eighth letter in the alphabet - H - and so is 88 understood to stand for ` Heil Hitler ' . He also has a large cross tattooed above his right ear . After Stancil fled , authorities urged the public not to approach him , calling him extremely dangerous . At a press conference late on Monday morning , WCC president Kay Albertson said : ` Our hearts are heavy , but it could have been a lot worse . ' Students at the community college planned to return to class on Tuesday . The college is one hour away from Raleigh and has 3,900 students currently enrolled .