An elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at one of politician Clive Palmer 's golf course . The 75-year-old man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland . The elderly man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile ` nipped ' him , according to The Courier Mail . The victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf . The 70-year-old man was playing golf on Monday at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course , owned by Clive Palmer . Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer , who owns the golf course , gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future . `` I 'd advise people not to step on crocodiles , '' he said . `` I suppose you can understand how it would respond to having someone step on its back . '' He also took to his Twitter account following the incident to send his well wishes to the injured man . ` I would like to wish the well-known local man who was attacked by a crocodile in Port Douglas this afternoon a speedy recovery , ' Mr Palmer tweeted . But hours later , the billionaire posted a bizarre joke : ` Crocodile has been removed from all menus at Palmer properties following today 's incident with a member of our Port Douglas Golf Course . ' The tweets followed after emergency services were called to the course after reports of a man being bitten on the leg shortly after 4 pm . A Queensland Ambulance Service spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia the man suffered puncture wounds on his left calf . The man , who was a member at the golf course , was treated by paramedics at the scene before he was taken to Mossman District Hospital in a stable condition . Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on his Twitter account . Mr Palmer took to his Twitter account to send his well wishes to the man following the incident . A Department of Environment and Heritage Protection spokesperson told ABC News it was not unusual to see crocodiles in the area . ` Crocodiles are known to be in the area and access the golf course via creeks , and as such , warning signs are in place , ' the spokesperson said . ` It is not the first time a crocodile has been removed from a golf course in the region . ' Queensland Ambulance has confirmed an elderly man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile on Monday . An elderly man has reportedly been attacked by a crocodile while he was playing golf in Queensland . Emergency services were called about 4 pm and treated the man at the scene before taking him to hospital .