Former tech executive Carly Fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 White House hunt -- if a report published Wednesday afternoon is accurate . The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign on May 4 , according to The Wall Street Journal . But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it 's just a rumor at this point . ` I am not confirming the WSJ story , ' Flores said . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . CAMPAIGN-IN-WAITING : Carly Fiorina spoke Tuesady at a public library in Council Bluffs , Iowa , in the state whose presidential primary caucuses can make or break a candidacy . HEAR ME ROAR : Fiorina spoke at the Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday in Nashua , New Hampshire . SHOWDOWN : Republican Fiorina -LRB- left -RRB- wants to be the conservative balance to Democrat Hillary Clinton -LRB- right -RRB- when Americans consider electing their first female president . Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race , following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas , Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida . Retired pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson is also expected to announce his candidacy on May 4 in Detroit . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee is scheduled to throw his hat in the ring on May 5 in Hope , Arkansas , the town of former president Bill Clinton 's birth . Fiorina also has a book scheduled for release on May 5 . ` Rising to the Challenge : My Leadership Journey ' is expected to be a business memoir that positions her as a practical problem-solver who knows how to unlock Americans ' hidden potential . She is also making the rounds in the same early presdiential primary states where other likely presidential hopefuls have turned up . Fiorina was in Cedar Rapids , Iowa on Wednesday , according to her Twitter account , signing books . Yesterday she was in Council Bluffs speaking to supporters at a public library . FIorina 's next book is due in stores on May 5 , just 24 hours after her reported presdiential-launch date . Four days ago she spoke at the Republican Leadership Summit in Nashua , New Hampshire , answering a female conservative business leader 's claim that only men should sit in the Oval Office because women are under the influence of their hormones and ca n't reliably control themselves . ` Not that we have n't seen a man 's judgment clouded by hormones in the Oval Office , ' she said , pointing a silent rhetorical finger at Bill Clinton . The onetime commander-in-chief 's storied sexual peccadillos -- including his affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky -- will undoubedly return to America 's front burner as his wife , Hillary Clinton , seeks the ofice he once held . Fiorina is schedule to deliver a speech in West Des Moines , Iowa , on May 7 at an event hosted by the Dallas County Republican Party . After that comes a May 8 dinner event at the New Hampshire High Tech Summit in Manchester , N.H. and a May 9 college commencement speech at Southern New Hampshire University . Fiorina has already made waves in presidential politics , responding forcefully after Clinton launched her campaign this month . In a Facebook video , she said the former secretary of state ` does not have a track record of accomplishment or transparency . ' HORMONES ? Fiorina said it 's men like Bill Clinton -- not women like her -- who would have problems controlling their hormones as commander-in-chief . ` Russia is now a more powerful adversary than it was when she became secretary of state , ' Fiorina said . ` Our relationship with Israel has deteriorated dramatically . The Middle East is in flames . ' ` She 's not the woman for the White House . ' The implication is that Fiorina is that woman . She told The Daily Beast on Wednesday that with her in the race , Clinton ` would n't be able to play the gender card ' or emphasize her quest to be the first female U.S. president . The former secretary of state would instead be forced to base her campaign on her accomplishments , Fiorina said , ` not identity politics . '