Criticism : Lord Prescott suggested the signatories were ` tax dodgers , Tory donors and non doms ' Labour was at war with business again last night as the party lashed out at 120 bosses who warned the economic recovery could be wrecked if it regained power . Shadow Cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders who signed an open letter backing the Conservative economic plan as members of the ` 1 per cent ' . Lord Prescott , an adviser to Ed Miliband , went further , suggesting the signatories were ` tax dodgers , Tory donors and non doms ' -- even though several were former Labour supporters . Business spokesman Chuka Umunna raised the stakes , suggesting that one , former Diageo boss Paul Walsh , should no longer take over as the head of the CBI . Mr Umunna said it would be ` untenable ' for Mr Walsh to ` claim to be independent in the light of this ' . In a highly unusual intervention just weeks from the election , 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that the Government ` has been good for business and has pursued policies which have supported investment and job creation ' . Throughout the day , 17 more added their names , including the bosses of AstraZeneca , Citi Private Bank and Pirelli . ` We believe a change in course will threaten jobs and deter investment . This would send a negative message about Britain and put the recovery at risk , ' they said . Attack : Labour 's business spokesman Chuka Umunna -LRB- left -RRB- suggested that former Diageo boss Paul Walsh -LRB- right -RRB- should no longer take over as the head of the CBI . Involved : Some 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that the Government ` has been good for business ' . Throughout the day , 17 more added their names , including the bosses of AstraZeneca -LRB- above -RRB- and Pirelli . Together , the businesses the executives run employ more than 600,000 people , and include brands such as Primark , Iceland , Pizza Express , Mothercare , Ocado , Moonpig , Ted Baker , Costa Coffee and LK Bennett . Executives at consumer brands such as Cobra beer , Britvic , Silver Spoon , Kingsmill , Thorntons , Robinsons , Tango and London Pride also put their names to the list . Chancellor : George Osborne said Labour 's pledge to raise the main rate of corporation tax to 21p represented ` a huge risk to the British economy ' Labour MPs ' attempts to brand them all fat cats were undermined by the fact that the signatories included 29 heads of firms with fewer than 250 employees . Some had supported Labour at previous elections . George Osborne said Tories were offering ` business stability ' , while Labour 's pledge to raise the main rate of corporation tax to 21p represented ` a huge risk to the British economy and to British jobs ' . The Chancellor said : ` Corporation tax is the main tax on business . Increase it and you increase the tax on investment , on growth and on jobs . It is as simple as that . ' And he said there were ` just 36 days left to save Britain 's economic recovery ' . An Ipsos Mori poll of FTSE 100 leaders suggests 86 per cent will back the Conservatives . Under Tony Blair , 55 per cent backed Labour . Veteran Labour MP Barry Sheerman claimed the letter indicated a ` clear decline in British political life ' , accusing the businesspeople of endorsing ` right-wing policies that benefit them ' . Last night Labour released its own list of names , backing a ` Labour Government to put working people first ' . It included dozens of workers who are on zero-hours contracts as well as advertising chief Trevor Beattie , fashion designer Wayne Hemingway and former Blue Peter presenter Peter Duncan . Embarrassingly for Labour , the list of business leaders features several who supported the governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown . They include Sir Charles Dunstone , chairman of Dixons Carphone and Talk Talk , who signed a letter backing Labour in 2005 . Yo ! Sushi founder Simon Woodroffe appeared in a 2004 Labour broadcast . He said : ` To change now , half way through a recovery from the worst recession we have had in my lifetime seems to be a madness . You need to get behind the people doing the job . ' Other former Labour supporters who signed the letter included : Surinder Arora , described as a ` big fan ' of Tony Blair in 2007 ; Dragons ' Den star Duncan Bannatyne , who unveiled a ` seaside manifesto ' with Gordon Brown before the 2010 election ; Sir Cameron Mackintosh , who made a donation to Labour in 1998 ' ; and Moni Varma , who signed a letter to the Financial Times before the 2005 election backing Labour . Supported Labour : Yo ! Sushi founder Simon Woodroffe -LRB- pictured -RRB- appeared in a 2004 Labour broadcast . Getting cosy : Dragons ' Den star Duncan Bannatyne -LRB- right -RRB- unveiled a ` seaside manifesto ' with Gordon Brown -LRB- left -RRB- before the 2010 election . Early in his leadership , Ed Miliband alienated business chiefs with class war rhetoric and quasi-Marxist policies his opponents said would drag Britain back to the 1970s . Here , JAMES SLACK examines how Red Ed drove a wedge between Labour and the wealth creators . The attack on ` predatory ' big business . The energy price freeze threat . The Seizure of private land . Reinstating the 50p tax rate . Corporation tax reverse . The vicious row with Boots .