The case of a British woman allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana took an astonishing twist last week when a court was told that she died of a heroin overdose . Hotel staff found the body of pregnant Charmain Speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah -- a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher -- has been charged with her murder . Pastor Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , Charmaine Spears . Ms Speirs and Mr Adusah , who were married last September , were said to have argued during their stay . Local news reports said an autopsy showed the mother of one died of ` opiate heroin overdose ' . Mr Adusah 's defence lawyer Mr Adomako Acheampong has claimed in court that 41-year-old Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user -- and that her whole family were addicted to the drug . But speaking exclusively to The Mail on Sunday , Ms Speirs 's brother Paul said that his sister had never touched drugs and it was ` an outrageous lie ' to say his family were all addicts . He added : ` The defence lawyer seems to be suggesting she had been a heroin addict for years but that 's absolute rubbish . ' The gardener , 30 , admitted that he had battled heroin addiction -- but said it had been Ms Speirs who ensured he sought help at a Christian-run rehabilitation centre near Glasgow . He insisted he had now been drug-free for ten years . He also said his sister , who had an eight-year-old son from a previous relationship , would not have taken any such substances of her own accord , adding : ` My sister was always against drugs . ' The couple pictured on a Christmas card . Mr Adusah is the leader of Global Light Revival Ministries church based in Tottenham , north London and has been active as a preacher in Britain since 2010 . And he rejected the claim that his entire family , including parents Peter , 63 , a self-employed plumber , and 61-year-old cleaner Linda , were addicted to drugs , saying : ` My parents ca n't stand the things . ' He revealed that Charmain 's family had been surprised at her ` whirlwind marriage ' to Mr Adusah last September and had never trusted him . And he said that her friends had noticed changes in Ms Speirs after she met and then married 28-year-old Mr Adusah , who was based in Britain but is originally from Ghana . Ms Speirs grew up in Arbroath in the Angus region of Scotland before moving to Swansea , where she studied photojournalism and then worked as a radiography assistant for the NHS . Last year she married Mr Adusah , leader of the Global Light Revival Ministries church based in Tottenham , North London . He has been active as a preacher in Britain since 2010 . The couple travelled to Ghana early last month so Mr Adusah could preach at a three-day religious rally . On March 16 after the rally the couple checked in to the upmarket Mac-Dic Royal Plaza Hotel in Koforidua for five days . But when Mr Adusah left at dawn on their second day , he reportedly told reception staff not to disturb his wife as she was ` fasting and praying ' , and left a Do Not Disturb notice on the door . Hotel managers became concerned when Ms Speirs would not respond when they knocked . On March 20 , porters used a spare key to gain access and made the grim discovery . Now her family are desperately seeking answers as they try to piece together fragments of information . Mr Speirs said : ` We 've been left in the cold , we do n't know a thing . My mum and dad just want to get Charmain 's body back home . ' A spokeswoman for the Foreign Office said : ` We are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . ' Mr Adusah has been charged with murder in Ghana and has had his application for bail rejected . He has not yet entered a plea . The case has been adjourned until later this month .