The days of soft old Arsenal not liking it up 'em when they get north of Watford are long gone . A first-half strike by the outstanding Aaron Ramsey was enough to see off Burnley at an intimidating Turf Moor and record an eighth win in a row by Arsene Wenger 's side , the best run since The Invincibles team managed it in 2004 . Arsenal have won at Sunderland , Newcastle , Manchester City and now Burnley , and picked up points at Liverpool and Everton , besides beating Manchester United in the FA Cup at Old Trafford . The only exception was a 3-2 defeat at Stoke and even then they nearly clawed back a 3-0 deficit . Aaron Ramsey -LRB- right -RRB- fires Arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute as Arsene Wenger 's side fly out of the traps at Turf Moor . The Welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting Arsenal into a early 1-0 lead . Francis Coquelin -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates Ramsey 's opening goal in front of a disappointing Burnley crowd . Ramsey is congratulated by Arsenal team-mates Olivier Giroud -LRB- left -RRB- and Hector Bellerin after his early goal . Ramsey 's goal gave the Gunners a perfect start , but Arsene Wenger 's side did n't have it all their own way at Turf Moor . Burnley -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Heaton 6 ; Trippier 7 , Duff 5.5 , Shackell 6 , Mee 6 ; Arfield 6 , Jones 6 -LRB- Taylor 90 -RRB- , Boyd 5.5 ; Barnes 6 , Ings 5.5 , Vokes 6.5 . Subs not used : Kightly , Jutkiewicz , Ulvestad , Gilks , Ward , Keane . Booked : Duff , Mee . Manager : Sean Dyche . Arsenal -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Ospina 7 ; Bellerin 6.5 , Mertesacker 6.5 , Koscielny 6.5 , Monreal 7 ; Coquelin 6.5 , Cazorla 6 ; Ramsey 8.5 , Ozil 6.5 , Sanchez 6.5 -LRB- Chambers 90 -RRB- ; Giroud 6 -LRB- Welbeck 82 -RRB- . Subs not used : Szczesny , Gibbs , Rosicky , Walcott , Flamini . Goals : Ramsey 12 ' Manager : Arsene Wenger . Referee : Mike Dean -LRB- Wirral -RRB- . Att : TBC . MOM : Ramsey . * Player ratings by Joe Bernstein at Turf Moor . Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal an early 1-0 lead . CLICK HERE to see more from our brilliant Match Zone service . The new-found resolution , built on a base of Laurent Koscielny and Per Mertesacker at the back and Francis Coquelin holding in midfield , has enabled Arsenal to mount a surprising late run for the title . It is still unlikely given Chelsea are four points ahead and hold two games in hand . But should Jose Mourinho 's men slip up in the first of them on Sunday at QPR , Arsenal will be waiting . After next weekend 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley , The Gunners host Chelsea at The Emirates . Wenger seemed as pleased with his side 's narrow win in Lancashire as he had done after dismantling Liverpool 4-1 at The Emirates the previous weekend . ` It was more of a fighting performance and many people question us on that side of things so I am pleased , ' said the Arsenal manager , whose side also had to contend with a swirling wind in the first half . ` Coquelin contributes to the balance of the team . He can do things that other players are n't able to . ' Burnley 's Kieran Trippier -LRB- left -RRB- was unable to pull his side level with a 25-yard free-kick shortly after Ramsey 's goal . Alexis Sanchez looks confused after a decision from referee Mike Dean as the Chilean star believes he was fouled . Mesut Ozil is surrounded by three Burnley players as the German star attacks inside Burnley 's half . To pip his old enemy Mourinho , Wenger knows his side must equal the winning run of his last legendary title-winning team , and then go beyond it . ` We need a perfect run and we a need a non-perfect run from Chelsea . We can not master that , only our attitude . ` We have won 15 of the last 17 games so we are consistent . We want to keep winning of course . It is a challenge for the team . ' An early goal always helps and Arsenal went ahead after 12 minutes . Mesut Ozil 's shot was saved by Tom Heaton , Alexis Sanchez 's rebound hit Michael Duff in the face and at the third time of asking Ramsey fired into the roof of the net for his ninth goal of the season . ` An awful goal to concede , ' said Dyche , whose side are still in the bottom three but not without hope of beating the drop . Ramsey was the outsanding performer of the first half appearing to have almost limitless energy . One passage of play summed it up , one moment he was in the Arsenal wall blocking a David Jones free-kick , the next he was in the Burnley penalty area ready to try and score a second . Burnley clearly tried to rough Arsenal up a bit . Ben Mee and Michael Duff were booked , Ashley Barnes sent Hector Bellerin flying in the air . The home fans thought referee Mike Dean was being a bit soft towards the visitors but Wenger clearly did n't bear Burnley grudges , saying afterwards he hoped The Clarets would stay up . Gunners midfielder Santi Cazorla -LRB- left -RRB- is beaten by Burnley 's Scott Airfield during the first 45 minutes . Sam Vokes and Laurent Koscielny take a tumble as the two sides battled it out on Saturday afternoon . Four thousand Arsenal fans were enjoying themselves and even had the temerity to sing `` This is a library '' as the normally voiceferous home support were stunned into temporarily silence . Arsenal 's traditional soft-centre has hardened up too . Laurent Koscielny went crashing into Ashley Barnes when danger threatened though the Frenchman was relieved to see Ospina dive to his right to beat away Kieran Trippier 's free-kick . Burnley left-back Ben Mee then became the game 's first booking when he pushed his hand into Ramsey 's face to stop the rampant No16 . Santi Carzola then was close to scoring on his 100th Premier League appearance when he went close with a trademark free-kick . Among the watching spectators was Roy Hodgson though with Arsenal not having a single Englishman in their starting line-up , one hopes he made the journey north to check on Burnley 's England under-21 striker Danny Ings . Arsenal ended the first half in control . Burnley 's repeated fouling gave them a flurry of free-kicks and though the home crowd berated Mike Dean , it was difficult to see what else the official could have done . Arsenal boss Wenger looks on from the Burnley dugout as his team struggled to build on their 1-0 lead . Danny Ings goes close with an acrobatic effort which was easily saved by Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina . Ashley Barnes has a shot as Cazorla looks to block during a rare sight at goal for the Burnley striker . If Ramsey was the key man of the first half , Coquelin impressed in the second as Burnley belatedly chased an equaliser . He broke up most things but on the rare occasions he was breached , Burnley fluffed their lines in front of goal . Scotland international George Boyd , who scored a famous winner against Manchester City last month , miskicked when a cross from Ben Mee from the left found him in front of goal . England under-21 international Danny Ings then connected with an overhead kick that was saved by David Ospina with his bright orange kit in goal . At least the Ings effort was something for England manager Roy Hodgson to note down . He 'd travelled to Lancashire to find Arsenal had n't included a single Englishman in their starting line-up and Danny Welbeck was only given eight minutes at the end . Ospina also saved from Barnes while Welbeck missed a late chance to add to Arsenal 's win when he shot wide from Mesut Ozil 's pass . Michael Duff challenges Gunners frontman Giroud in the air as Arsenal look to double their early advantage . Burnley manager Sean Dyche shouts instructions to his players during the Premier League clash . French forward Giroud holds off a challenge from George Boyd as Arsenal look to hold onto their 1-0 lead . ` We had moments but you have to take the moments at this level . It is something we have found all season , ' said Dyche , who had some consolation by defeats earlier in the day for relegation rivals Hull City and Sunderland . Burnley have six matches left and among their fixtures are games against fellow strugglers Leicester City , Hull and Aston Villa . ` In the second half we got on the front foot , went right after them . And apart from the goal we conceded , I thought we defended really well . ` There was n't a lot in the game and it was close against Manchester City and Chelsea too . Arsene would have spoken to his players about what to expect here . ` Make no mistake , they have a fine side . They are bringing on a Danny Welbeck as a £ 16million substitute , that 's not bad . ` Now we have got six different kinds of games left , edgy games . There is a less expectation on us than other teams around us so we can play with a bit more freedom . There is a lot of belief from us going into those games . We want to be effective enough to win them . ' David Jones looks to get the better of Sanchez during a difficult second half for the Gunners . England manager Roy Hodgson and England Under 21 boss Gareth Southgate were in attendance at Turf Moor . Burnley fans get behind their team with a ` Made in Britain ' sign at Turf Moor on Saturday afternoon .