Paris Saint-Germain 's then sports director Leonardo declared the club were ready for tougher competitions in Europe two years ago but Tuesday 's Champions League quarter-final exit suggests they need more time to reach the top . PSG were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona despite Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti returning to the Ligue One side but coach Laurent Blanc was not really shocked . ` Those who follow Barcelona know the patience required to win the Champions League . You need the means , but also some patience , ' Blanc said after the 2-0 defeat at the Nou Camp , which followed last week 's 3-1 humbling at the Parc des Princes . Laurent Blanc looks on as his Paris Saint-Germain side were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona . ` The first qualified for the semi-finals are Barca and Bayern Munich . Paris will certainly be there one day but you have to understand we need time , ' he said after PSG 's third successive quarter-final exit in the tournament . Once again , Sweden striker Ibrahimovic failed to shine in a big game in which his attacking partner Edinson Cavani , despite his limitations , seemed more involved . PSG saw off Chelsea in the previous round but that was more of a one-tie thing , with Thiago Silva and David Luiz scoring after Ibrahimovic had been sent off in the second leg . Luiz was below-par in the last two games , being at fault on four of the five goals PSG conceded against Barca , but PSG 's problems are collective , conceded midfielder Blaise Matuidi . Blaise Matuidi says that PSG are still not ready to win the Champions League and still have work to do . David Luiz was given a torrid time over the two legs and was at fault for four of Barcelona 's goals . ` Barcelona are an institution , a club who have been at the top level for a long time , like Real Madrid or Bayern Munich , ' the France international said . ` We have been around for five years only . ' PSG were bought in 2011 by Qatar Sports Investments -LRB- QSI -RRB- , who invested massively in the club hoping to win Europe 's premium club competition . While they never look threatened in the Group stage , PSG have been failing against top-notch opposition . ` Let 's be realistic , they were better than us . They will probably win the Champions League , ' Ibrahimovic admitted . Star men Zlatan Ibrahimovic -LRB- left -RRB- and Marco Verratti were unable to influence the game in PSG 's favour . ` As far as we are concerned , it is not possible to reach that goal on short term . We have made several big steps and we were eliminated by a superb team . ` Let 's not lie to ourselves , it 's just reality . ' PSG will now focus on winning the Ligue 1 title for the third consecutive season -- a goal more suited to their capacities -- with a possible treble on the cards as they won the League Cup and will play the French Cup final on May 30 . They are second in the standings behind Olympique Lyonnais on goal difference but have a game in hand .