The #grannyhair trend may still be going strong for women the world over , but it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look - as David Beckham proved earlier this week . Victoria Beckham posted a pic of her husband on Instragram on Tuesday and , due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard , captioned it ` silver fox ' . With his 40th birthday just around the corner , it seems David is embracing his age with style , and he 's not the only one . Victoria Beckham shared this picture of her husband David sporting some grey hairs in his beard . From old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered Hollywood hunks , men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look . Scott Ade , a stylist at Daniel Hersheson believes that celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey , he said : ` I feel like since the huge rise to fame of grey-haired sex symbols such as George Clooney , George Lamb and Jose Mourinho , there has been a shift in attitudes towards going grey . ` People are starting to embrace it now , seeing it as a sign of power , maturity and sexiness in the mould of the ` silver fox ' , as opposed to becoming a pensioner ! ' Here , FEMAIL takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style , and asks top stylists for tips on how men can go grey gracefully . THE TREND SETTERS . George Lamb is a serious trendsetter , helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey . At the ripe-old age of 35 , radio and TV presenter George Lamb rocks a full head of grey hair . It even has its own trendy mix of dark grey with light streaks around his forehead . George keeps his hair long and floppy , so he 's clearly proud of his locks , and rightly so . Along with his smart fashion sense , Lamb is a serious trendsetter , helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey . Brad Pitt may be an oldie - well in Hollywood terms anyway , he 's 51 - but this chiseled actor has been setting trends ever since he hit the spotlight in Thelma and Louise . Some of them caught on -LRB- hello blonde highlights -RRB- , others , thankfully , did n't -LRB- we 're thinking primarily of his long-haired hobo look here -RRB- . This salt and pepper stubble will be a timeless addition to the Brad Pitt collection of hair styles . But we think we can safely say his salt-and-pepper stubble will be a timeless addition to the Brad Pitt collection of hair styles . If you 're a football widow , you 'll already be well aware of Jose Mourinho , 52 . This grey-haired Portugese gentleman is arguably the best thing about watching a Chelsea match . The there 's the lovable Gary Lineker , whose baby face keeps him looking eternally youthful at the age of 54 despite his quiff of silver . As well as making footie more bearable for us , these two show stressed-out footie fans that it 's okay to go grey . If you 're a football widow , you 'll already be well aware of silver fox Jose Mourinho , 52 . The ladies love grey-haired Gary Linker . Pictured on the right with Catt Sadler and Danielle Bux . THE EMBRACERS . Growing old under the spotlight must give even the most cocky celebrity a crisis of confidence . As they get older , many have to dye their hair for roles , but these gents let it all grow out once the cameras stop rolling . Ben Affleck 's grey-flecked quiff looks distinguished , while his silvery stubble adds an edge . No doubt the 42-year-old has been getting greying tips from his friend and fellow silver fox , George Clooney . No doubt Ben Affleck 's been getting greying tips from his friend George Clooney . He may be greying , but we ca n't believe Liam Neeson is 62 years old . The Irish hunk dyed his hair dark for the first Taken , but can be seen greying around the temples . He 's naturally a light brown with gingery tinge , and we think the grey sets this off perfectly . American actor Dermot Mulroney , 51 , caught Jennifer Aniston 's interest , well in Friends anyway , and Julia Roberts made a fool of herself over him in My Best Friend 's Wedding . And with those looks and mop of dark grey hair , we can see why ... Liam Neeson 's grey sets off his coppery mop , while Dermot Mulroney oozes silvery sophistication . Everyone 's favourite Scot , Gerard Butler has still got a good head of brown locks with copper highlights at the age of 45 , but he 's not afraid to let a few silver strands run wild on his chin and around his temples . Matt Leblanc had no trouble with the ladies when he played dark-haired Italian-American Joey Tribbiani in Friends . Now 47 , he has traded in his floppy locks for a short shock of silver . But we reckon he could still work his famous ` how you doin ' ? ' line and have ladies falling at his feet - although now they may have more trouble getting back up again . Gerard Butler 's not afraid to let a few silver strands run wild on his chin and around his temples . We reckon Matt Leblanc could still work Joey 's famous ` how you doin ' ? ' line and have ladies falling at his feet . Colin Farrell is not yet in the forties club -LRB- he 's 38 -RRB- , but Hollywood 's Irish bad boy has the ` take me as I am ' attitude , and his refusal to dye his grey streaks is testament to that . Eric Dana is 42 now , but he was working the grey look back in 2006 as Dr Mark Sloan in Grey 's Anatomy . And this programme was well named indeed , as fellow Grey actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan , 48 , also knows how to make silvery stubble look seriously dreamy . Colin Farrell shows off his rebellious grey streak , and Eric Dana subscribes to the all-over look . Grey 's Anatomy actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan knows how to make silvery stubble look good . Tips supplied by Jordan Garrett and Scott Ade from Daniel Hersheson , and Laura Howlett , Managing Barber of L'Oréal Professionnel salon , Ruffians Edinburgh . THE OLDIES BUT GOODIES . As soon as the term ` silver fox ' is mentioned , the first man who usually springs to mind is George Clooney . Checking out his big brown barnet back in 1985 , we 'd say it 's a good thing Clooney has been embracing the silver look since he was 33 . Now , the always-dapper 53-year-old is the epitome of the grey-haired gent . Kevin Costner is another classic , with his fair-haired mop ensuring the gradual fade to grey was n't too big a jump , and the 60-year-old has maintained his Hollywood heartthrob status with ease . Checking out his big brown barnet back in 1985 , we 'd say it 's a good thing Clooney has been embracing the silver look since he was 33 . Despite going grey , 60-year-old Kevin Costner has maintained his Hollywood heartthrob status with ease . Arguably most of us had our first confusing crush on Richard Gere when he was in Pretty Woman - ` how can I fancy a grey-haired guy ? ' - but our crush continues as he 's still looking good 25 years later . Age seems to have added character to lucky Pierce Brosnan , whose dark looks have been lightened by his mid-grey hair and silvery beard . It may have been 20 years since the 61-year-old played Bond , but he still leaves us shaken - and stirred . Most of us had our first confusing crush on Richard Gere when he was in Pretty Woman - ` how can I fancy a grey-haired guy ? ' Pierce Brosnan has embraced his grey hairs .