Photographer Seth Casteel 's unique pictures of dogs swimming underwater managed to captivate an international audience , but now he has a new subject : babies . Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep during their first swimming lesson . The pictures for his new book , Underwater Babies , reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world , chubby-cheeked , curious , mischievous , and playful , all captured in his up-close-and-personal signature style . Scroll down for video . Super swimmer : Zoe Ubiera is five-months old and was one of 750 babies that Seth Casteel photographed . Caped crusader : The babies also added their own flair with this one dressed in a cape and mask . Unsinkable : Seven-month-old Zelda calmly paddles along as Seth Casteel snaps away . Oceanic : Nine-month-old Khyleigh takes like a duck to water as she swims towards the camera . His pictures are innovative and take on an air of excitement as the youngsters swim beneath the waves . Casteel says he was drawn to create his new book , Underwater Babies after hearing of the shocking statistics of the numbers of children that drown . Kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation . ` The book is a celebration of babies , but there 's definitely a serious element to it , ' Casteel told Today.com . ` A big reason I wanted to make this book is to promote the cause of water safety for babies . I just want to let people know about the benefits of these classes and that they are something to strongly consider . ' He created the book by heading along to water safety classes for babies at swimming pools in ten different states . He photographed around 750 babies in schools across each of the states to create Underwater Babies , which will be released on April 7 . Acquatic : Michael , 12 months , explores underwater with his goggles on . Playful : Valentina , nine months , takes a dip underwater with her rattle . Under the sea : A seven-month-old named Ayla takes the plunge in a mermaid costume in photographer Seth Casteel 's new book , Underwater Babies . Serene : Casteel hopes to use the adorable photos of babies like 4 1/2 month old Michael to promote water safety for toddlers . ` I only had a limited window to really seize that moment in time because they can only go underwater just for a moment , ' Casteel said . ` I could only take four or five pictures really quickly . Maybe the baby turned or there were bubbles or the instructor got in the way . I was never frustrated because that 's the nature of it . You get what you get . ' Apart from promoting his new 70-page book containing his creative pictures , Casteel said that he was eager to get the message across about water safety . He was spurred along after hearing a story about an 18-month old baby who drowned in a pool at a family reunion where over 40 people were present , yet the baby died after being left unattended . Floater : This 11-month-old named Warren is happy in the few moments he has beneath the pool 's surface . Snapshot : Casteel often only had a second or two to capture the images of babies like Emerson who is 7 months old when they briefly went underwater . The babies in the pictures are being taught to ` self-rescue , ' in which babies are taught to hold their breath underwater , kick their feet , turn over to float on their backs and rest until help arrives . The technique was pioneered in the late '60s by Harvey Barnett , who at 18 became determined to teach infants to swim after the drowning of a neighbor 's child . His methods have spread around the world and are now taught in numerous clinics and imitated widely . Underwater Babies by Seth Casteel is published by Headline on 7th April at £ 11.99 . Diver : Casteel shot photos of more than 750 babies across ten states including this 11-month old named Colton . Super scuba : Claire is seven-months old but she appears calm as she swims silently .