A bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground in Australia . The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning ' . Upwards lightning is possible , but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ` upwards ' direction . And storm chaser Dan Robinson believes ` looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where the viewer is stood , meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not . This image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by emergency services officer Scott Murray , who dubbed the phenomenon looping lightning ' . Upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1 % of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction . But storm chaser Dan Robinson said ` looped ' lighting may instead be a trick of perspective , based on where a viewer is stood , meaning it appears to loop when it 's not . The ` looping lightning ' image was taken by Scott Murray and the bolt appears to shot out and up from the cloud before curving towards the Earth . Typically lightning is seen from a distance , or from the side , and it is rare to capture an image almost directly beneath a bolt . As a result , this can skew its perspective . In particular , if the bolt is travelling straight at the viewer - so they are almost looking up the length of the bolt - it can make it appear as if it is curving because of its forked nature . There have been examples of lightning appearing to make complete circular loops , but this is also a trick of the eye . Lightning is caused by the build up of electrostatic charge in clouds . As they develop , air acts as an insulator between the positive and negative charges in the cloud , and between the cloud and the ground . Upwards lightning is normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to Earth , and involves a bolt moving from the ground to the clouds . The preceding flash causes an electrical field change , which allows an upward positive leader to originate from a tall object like a building or wind turbine . During winter snow storms , it is possible for tall objects to initiate upwards lightning without preceding flashes . Upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction . It is typically classified into three groups . The smallest are starters , which extend up to a altitude of 12 to 19 miles -LRB- 20 to 30 km -RRB- . Next are jets , which extend 25 to 31 miles -LRB- 40 to 50 km -RRB- , and the last are gigantic jets , which reach 44 to 56 miles -LRB- 70 to 90 km -RRB- . Positive charge builds up in one area of the cloud , while negative charges build up in the other - typically the top and bottom of the cloud respectively . If this build up of charge reaches a certain level , the insulating capacity of the air breaks causing the negative charges to escape or ` leap ' from the cloud either onto another another cloud - known as sheet lightning - or to the ground . As negative charges gather in the bottom of a cloud , the negative charges in the ground are forced from the surface , leaving it positive . When a so-called ` streamer ' of negative charges leaps from the bottom of the cloud , it is therefore attracted to the ground , which in turn emits a streamer of positive charges from the ground up . In particular , the negative ` stepped leaders ' fork downwards looking for the best conductive path to Earth , with the least resistance . This is why these stepped leaders typically travel straight down from the cloud . As the streams connect it causes electrons to jump , or ` return the stroke ' , and an electrical current begins flowing , which creates lightning . This flash temporarily equalises the charged regions , until the opposite charges build up again . Lightning can occur between opposite charges within the thunderstorm cloud , known as intra-cloud lightning , or between opposite charges in the cloud and on the ground , referred to as cloud-to-ground lightning . And there are roughly five to 10 times as many cloud flashes as there are cloud-to-ground flashes . Within these strikes are two types of ground flashes known as natural and triggered . The latter includes strikes to very tall structures , planes , rockets and towers and goes from the ground up to the cloud . Natural lightning is cloud to ground . Upwards lightning is normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to Earth , and involves a bolt moving from the ground to the clouds . The preceding flash causes an electrical field change , which allows an upward positive leader to originate from a tall object . Upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction - and it is typically classified into three groups , based on peak altitude . The smallest are starters , which extend up to a maximum altitude of 12 to 19 miles -LRB- 20 to 30 km -RRB- . Next are jets , which extend 25 to 31 miles -LRB- 40 to 50 km -RRB- , and the last are gigantic jets , which reach 44 to 56 miles -LRB- 70 to 90 km -RRB- . Lightning is caused by a build up of electrostatic charges . As they develop , air acts as an insulator between the positive and negative charges in the cloud , and between the cloud and the ground . If this build up reaches a certain level , the insulating capacity of the air breaks . The negative charge ` leaps ' from the cloud either onto another another cloud - known as sheet lightning - or to the ground -LRB- pictured -RRB- . When a so-called ` streamer ' of negative charges leaps from the bottom of the cloud , it is attracted to the ground , which in turn emits a streamer of positive charges from the ground up . In particular , the negative ` stepped leaders ' fork downwards looking for the best conductive path to Earth , with the least resistance . This is why these stepped leaders typically travel straight down from the cloud -LRB- pictured -RRB- . However , the upward movement of the lightning in Mr Murray 's image does n't appear to extend as high as other forms of upward lightning , and storm chaser Dan Robinson suggests an alternative . He explained : ` Sometimes a lightning channel will have the illusion of ` looping back ' on itself or having bright knots in it . The reason behind this phenomenon is quite simple . ` Lightning is three-dimensional - it ` zigs ' and ` zags ' in all directions . As the streams connect , it causes electrons to jump , or ` return the stroke ' , and an electrical current begins flowing , which creates lightning . This flash temporarily equalises the charged regions , until the opposite charges build up again . Upwards lightning is normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to Earth , and involves a bolt moving from the ground to the clouds . Upward lightning is typically classified into three groups . Starters extend up to an altitude of 19 miles -LRB- 30 km -RRB- , jets extend to 31 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- , and the gigantic jets reach up to 56 miles -LRB- 90 km -RRB- . The upward movement in Mr Murray 's image does n't appear to extend this high , however , and storm chaser Dan Robinson said if part of a bolt is coming straight at you , it will appear to loop back on itself even when it 's not . ` Most of the time you 'll view a lightning channel from the side and it 'll appear to travel in one general direction only . ` However , if that lightning bolt - or part of the lightning bolt - is coming straight at you , that is , you are looking at it from one end . It will appear to loop back on itself , sometimes even appearing go back upwards . ` The bright knots in a lightning channel you sometimes see in lightning photographs are the result of the same phenomenon - they are just smaller , tighter ` loops ' . It appears brighter because there is more than one section of lightning channel ` overlapping ' in the camera 's frame . ' The Met Office 's lightning expert Sven-Erik Enno told MailOnline : ` On the particular photo it seems that the upper part of the channel may be pointed towards the observer . ` In such perspective the upward movement of the horizontal channel may be more amplified - the approaching horizontal channel seems to rise higher in the sky as approaching plane seems to rise higher above the horizon although its real altitude does not change . ' The map above shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013 . Areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple ; areas with the largest number of lightning flashes - as many as 150 per year per square kilometer -LRB- 0.4 square miles -RRB- - are bright pink . The Democratic Republic of Congo was found to have the most over the period .