West Ham manager Sam Allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after Marko Arnautovic 's 95th-minute equaliser saw the Hammers drop points for the second game in a row . Allardyce 's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside , Arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw . Aaron Cresswell had given the home side an early lead at Upton Park but after a strong start it was Stoke who ended up dominating and they left with a deserved point . Marko Arnautovic -LRB- second left -RRB- is mobbed by his Stoke City team-mates after scoring a 95th minute equaliser at West Ham United . West Ham -LRB- 4-1-2-1-2 -RRB- : Adrian 6.5 ; Jenkinson 6.5 , Collins 7 , Reid 6 , Cresswell 7 ; Song 7 -LRB- Nolan 67 mins , 6 -RRB- ; Noble 6 , Kouyate 7 ; Downing 5.5 ; Valencia 7.5 -LRB- Amalfitano 78 -RRB- , Sakho 6.5 -LRB- Cole 59 , 5.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Jaaskelainen , Jarvis , Nene , O'Brien . Booked : Collins , Nolan . Manager : Sam Allardyce 6.5 . Stoke City -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Begovic 6.5 ; Cameron 6 , Shawcross 6 , Wollscheid 5.5 , Wilson 6 -LRB- Pieters 49 , 5.5 -RRB- ; Whelan 6 -LRB- Ireland 67 -RRB- , Nzonzi 6 ; Moses 6.5 -LRB- Diouf 44 , 7 -RRB- , Adam 6.5 , Arnautovic 7 ; Walters 6.5 . Subs not used : Butland , Bardlsey , Sidwell , Crouch . Booked : Pieters . Manager : Mark Hughes 6.5 . Referee : Roger East 7 . Man of the match : Marko Arnautovic . Attendance : 34,946 . CLICK HERE to view our brilliant Match Zone including the move for Marko Arnautovic 's 95th minute equaliser for Stoke City . It is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the ninth-placed Hammers after draws at Manchester United , Tottenham Hotspur and the defeat at Leicester City last week . Without the late goals they could be above Swansea City and sitting on a club-record 50 points . ` We ca n't find the right key elements to see that game out . We leave ourselves on a nervous edge , ' Allardyce said . ` We are very nervous at that stage over what 's happened before and we should be on 50 points now . We 've thrown away seven points in two minutes or less in four games . ` If we had concentrated better in those -LRB- last -RRB- minutes , we would be sitting on our greatest total and finish ever in the -LRB- Premier -RRB- League . Instead we are scratching our heads on when are we going to finish a game out again . I thought we were going to do it today , but it finished miserably in the end over just a few seconds . ' West Ham 's performances have dipped since a strong start to the season but there was no sign of any supposed complacency early on against Stoke , and the reawakening coincided with the return of Enner Valencia . It was Stoke 's inability to deal with him led to the opening goal after seven minutes . Glenn Whelan tripped Valencia five yards outside the penalty area to give West Ham an opportunity to shoot from the dead ball . Mark Noble looked the most likely candidate and when he stepped over the ball it seemed to leave goalkeeper Asmir Begovic confused . Instead , unlikely scorer Cresswell was the chosen one and he sent the free-kick over the wall and curling into the Bosnian stopper 's top left-hand corner to give West Ham the lead with his second goal of the season . Aaron Cresswell -LRB- right -RRB- attempts to go past Stoke forward Arnautovic during the opening stages of Saturday 's encounter . West Ham midfielder Alex Song -LRB- right -RRB- runs with the ball in midfield as the home side look to record back-to-back home league wins . Cresswell scored the opening goal of the game as West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke in the Premier League on Saturday . Cresswell -LRB- right -RRB- gave the Hammers the lead with a free kick on seven minutes after Enner Valencia was fouled . The Hammers left back watches on as his free kick curls up and over the Stoke wall and into the top corner of the net . Cresswell -LRB- left -RRB- is mobbed by his West Ham team-mates who congratulate the West Ham No 3 on his curled effort . West Ham were well on top , and Diafra Sakho and Cheikhou Kouyate could have added to the lead inside the opening 20 minutes . But as the half wore on it was Stoke who looked the more likely to score . Valencia 's influence waned and instead it was Arnautovic who took control , dominating Cresswell down West Ham 's left-hand side . Charlie Adam curled an ambitious free-kick over the bar from 40 yards out in search of his second wonder goal in a week before Jonathan Walters silenced an impatient Upton Park with a low strike that looked to have gone in but had instead hit Adrian 's side netting . Victor Moses also had an opportunity , bringing down Arnautovic 's cross inside the penalty area , spinning and firing in a shot that was deflected just wide . Allardyce would have been pleased just to see his side make it through to half-time unscathed and Stoke went in at the break with a sense of injustice after hearing referee Roger East blow his whistle as they prepared for the latest in a series of dangerous corners . A low-key opening to the second half allowed the home side to settle a bit and they looked the better side until a mistake by Winston Reid gave Adam a chance on the hour mark but a bobble came to the rescue and the Scot shot wide . Stoke manager Mark Hughes -LRB- right -RRB- shows his emotion on the touchline as his side try to find a way back into the match at Upton Park . Stoke forward Victor Moses -LRB- left -RRB- fires a shot at goal as the Potters push for an equaliser in the first half at Upton Park . However , that proves to be the Nigeria international 's final participation of the match as he injures his leg . Referee Roger East -LRB- left -RRB- calls for assistance as Moses -LRB- bottom -RRB- lays in a heap on the pitch in the closing stages of the first half . Moses -LRB- centre -RRB- hobbles off the pitch with the assistance of two Stoke medics after injuring his leg following his shot . Moses ' replacement Mame Biram Diouf -LRB- left -RRB- is quickly into the thick of the action as he shields the ball away from James Collins . Stoke were dealt a further blow in the second half when defender Marc Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- had to leave the pitch injured . Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball against West Ham captain Kevin Nolan in the second half . Minutes later Arnautovic had the ball in the net , slotting past Adrian , but his run was correctly flagged for offside . The Spanish keeper 's goal seemed to be living a charmed life and particularly so as Stoke went within an inch of equalising . Jonathan Walters sent in a cross from the right that was met by the unmarked head of substitute Mame Biram Diouf , who powered an effort towards goal only to see it bounce off the inside of the post , along the goal line and somehow staying out . West Ham looked like throwing it all away again late on . Arnautovic found Adrian 's net for a second time but was again flagged for offside . But the Austrian was n't to be denied and he eventually scored with seconds left to spark wild celebrations in front of the away end . Stephen Ireland flicked the ball on and Arnautovic applied the finish , slipping the ball into the corner to leave a familiar scene for the home support . Stoke manager Mark Hughes said : ` It looked for a long time that we were n't going to be able to do it . ` When we got into the fourth minute of added on time it looked as though it was n't going to be our day . Credit to the lads , I thought they were brilliant . ' Players from both teams are involved in a heated argument after the final whistle of Upton Park clash on Saturday afternoon . Arnautovic applauds the jubliant travelling Stoke fans who made the trip to Upton Park after the match . West Ham players walk off the pitch dejected after conceding Arnautovic 's late equaliser during Saturday 's encounter .