Barcelona stars Neymar , Dani Alves and Adriano looked delighted following their vital win over Celta Vigo in La Liga - but their choice of matching denim was somewhat questionable . The flamboyant Brazilians all played their part in helping the Catalonian side return home with all three points , following Jeremy Mathieu 's winning goal . Neymar took to Instagram after his side returned to the summit of La Liga : ` We got home ... important victory ... Congratulations guys !!! Vamo to top . ' Dani Alves -LRB- from left -RRB- , Adriano and Neymar were delighted with their hard-fought victory over Celta Vigo . Dani Alves , who 's being linked with a move away from the Nou Camp , also posted a similar picture of the trio . He said : ` A great day at work , a little trairagem in the picture lol Return to home with my brothas @neymarjr @adriano21c . Joy , joy , one is that every day . ' Game winner Mathieu admits his side were poor and puts it down to the international break . The three Brazilians all started for Barcelona and played a crucial role in the win which saw them go top . ` Celta played well for the whole 90 minutes , but there are games that are won on little details , ' the centre-back told the club 's official website . ` It was a tough game . Paying after international matches is more difficult because the dynamics of the team are a bit off . ` In the first half we suffered a lot . We are Barca , but we also suffer . Jeremy Mathieu -LRB- centre -RRB- admits his side were poor throughout the match and blamed the internationals . The Frenchman celebrates after scoring the winning goal after 73 minutes despite their poor display . ` However , the most important thing is getting the three points . ' The Frenchman praised his defensive partner Gerard Pique for his impressive display against a tough opposition . ` Playing with Pique is very simple , ' he added . ` He is outstanding - it is amazing to play with him . ' Mathieu praised Gerard Pique -LRB- right -RRB- after his impressive defensive display for Barcelona on Sunday .