This time last year the world was shocked by the abduction of 276 Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped from their school by Boko Haram militants . A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved . But Unicef have revealed that a year later , more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since . Scroll down for video . Rose Zeeharrah , right , with her children at a camp for internally displaced persons , in Yola , Adamawa , where the family fled after a Boko Haram rebel group attacked their village and killed her husband . Evelyn was lucky to escape with her and her daughter Rose when saw a Boko Haram rebel group entered their village killing people and kidnapping girls . 20-month-old Stephanie Samson cries while being weighed in the Kwanaya refugee camp . She weighs six kilos but should weigh nine . She and her mother survived in the mountains on pumpkin seeds and stream water for six weeks after they fled their home when Boko Haram attacked . Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram -- as cooks , porters and look-outs . Those are the lucky ones , others are trained to fight , forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves . According to accounts by escapees , young women and girls who have been abducted have been subjected to forced marriage , forcible religious conversion from Christianity to Islam , physical and psychological abuse and forced labour and rape . Thanks to the violent conflict in the region , 1.2 m people have been forced to flee their home , displaced inside Nigeria or crossing into neighbouring Cameroon , Chad and Niger . Many have had to run away in fear as their homes and villages were attacked by Boko Haram militants , causing a large number of children to be separated from their parents amidst the violent chaos . One of them is 15-year-old Ahmid who is the subject of one of Unicef 's latest campaign films . It 's been a year since the high profile #bringbackourgirls campaign , supported by Michelle Obama , but the suffering continues for many . Girls who have been exposed to abuse and violence and forced from their homes are getting access to an education thanks to Unicef supported projects in Bauchi State , pictured . He fled his home in Nigeria during a horrific Boko Haram attack and travelled for week without his family across Lake Chad . He said : ` I ran away by myself as they were cutting people 's throats as if they were rams . ` We had to eat grass from the lake . I worried most about hunger there was nothing to eat and nowhere to sleep . I worry about my parents . ' Ahmind has been supported at a Unicef Centre where children are encouraged to express their grief through art and given access to education . He said : ` It was a policeman who urged me to go to school . At first I could n't be bothered because I was thinking about my parents . ` I have nobody here but he told me to go to school . He said one day I will see my parents again if they are still alive . So now I go to school everyday . ' Mohammed Tijani , a social worker , left , speaks with Shatumi Samon , 17 , in the Gire 2 camp for internally displaced people , near Yola , the capital of Adamawa . Ten-year-old Sani was also witness to horrific scenes when he was forced to flee his home . In another video , he recalls : ` We were at the Koranic school when we first heard the gunfire . The teacher told us that Boko Haram was here and he told us to run to the river . So we run away . ` Our teacher started to cross the river and then he stopped to make sure that we could also cross . But we could not cross , it was too deep . ` Then a man came on a motorcycle . He said he was n't from Boko Haram and he was looking for help . He asked us to come with him to look for food . When we got out of the water , he took out his gun and pointed at us saying he was Boko Haram . Then he took us . ' Sani was freed thanks to his father paying for him to be released and his family are now at a Unicef run refugee camp in outside Diffa city in the Southeast of Niger . He remains psychologically scarred by his experienced , which he has been encouraged to express through art . Pupils in a school at a refugee camp for people displaced by the Boko Haram conflict , many of the children at such camps have been separated from their parents . Unicef and COOPI are working hand in hands with the Government of Niger to find a way to reach all children in need of help and give them support and education . ` I did this drawing to show what Boko Haram did to us , ' he said describing one of his pictures . ` They came , shot people and cut the throat of others . Here it 's a member of Boko Haram burning a vehicle . Here it 's someone who had his throat cut . There burnt cars and here a burnt phone antenna . ' Like Sani , many children saw terrible things during the attacks . While it is often hard to talk about the days they left their home to run for their life , drawing is an easier way to address what took place . Children participate in group activities to help them express themselves . They can also channel their trauma through song , and games . These recreational events also give them a sense of normalcy during this tenuous time . Yagana , 10 , pictured drawing about her experience when Boko Haram attacked her village . Children at Unicef supported refugee camps are urged to express themselves through art to help them deal with the trauma they have been through . This drawing by Zanna , a 13-year-old child refugee , reveals the shocking violence she has witnessed . Another drawing by Fatima , 15 , shows how she 's seen people shot and killed . Child refugee Maryam 's picture shows people being shot and families like hers fleeing the violence . This much needed child protection programme was established and implemented in eight locations in Diffa region : Bosso , Tam , Krikri , Chéri , Kilakam , Nguelkolo , Kabelewa , and Adjiri . Unicef and COOPI are working hand in hands with the Government of Niger to find a way to reach all children in need of help . Many have seen parents , siblings , relatives or neighbours killed , tortured or abducted . Many have had to run for their lives and walk for days to reach safety . Others have been exposed to extreme violence and abuse . ` Some children are very shy , ' said Marzia Vigliaroni from COOPI , a Unicef partner in charge of managing a child-friendly space in Diffa . ` They wo n't speak or participate in our activities ; they need psycho-social support . Unicef wants to free children from abuse and fighting so they can have the happy childhood they deserve . ` We ask them to make drawings of their experience during the attack . They draw people with slit throats and people drowning in the river . This shows us how deeply affected children are . We work with them individually ; we try to help them forget the traumatizing events they have experienced and continue their lives like other children and forget what they had to live through . ' As well as helping children through the refugee camps , the charity are also working to return abducted children to their families and demobilise children involved in fighting . To help protect children in danger you can give now to Unicef 's work for children caught up in emergencies : https://secure.unicef.org.uk/?appealid=12f8e269-eab5-4bf2-ba4f-1c2898a4f2f0#lnkdt  .