Ukip has failed to outpoll the Liberal Democrats for the first time since 2013 in a fresh blow to Nigel Farage 's faltering election campaign . An exclusive ComRes survey for the Daily Mail and ITV News shows the Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with Ukip . The poll is the latest bad news for Mr Farage , and undermines his claim yesterday that support for Ukip has ` rallied ' after a lacklustre few weeks . Scroll down for video . A ComRes survey has revealed that Nick Clegg 's -LRB- right -RRB- Liberal Democrat party is now equal with Nigel Farage 's UKIP in the polls . It is the first time since late 2013 that UKIP has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems . ` Since the debates last week there is a very clear firming of the polls on Ukip , ' Mr Farage insisted . The poll will also ease Tory jitters , showing that with less than a month to go to election day , the Tories are on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent . While the Tory lead has slipped slightly since the start of the campaign , the party will be relieved to be ahead after other pollsters suggested Labour had taken a lead in recent days . Labour has yet to be out in front in any ComRes telephone poll this year , reflecting what the pollster called ` a small , but existent lead for the Conservatives ' . The poll also gives the Tories a commanding lead on key economic issues . Voters are more likely to trust the Conservatives than Labour most to keep the economy growing , by 46 per cent to 28 per cent , and make the right level of cuts to government spending , by 38 per cent to 32 per cent . Even a significant number Labour voters trust the Tories most to secure growth -LRB- 15 per cent -RRB- and make the right level of cuts to government spending -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB- . Following the ` non-dom ' tax row , the public is evenly split in its trust of both main parties in setting the right levels of tax for everyone , with each backed by 36 per cent . Women are more likely to trust Labour most to set the right levels of tax , by 40 per cent to 31 per cent , while men trust the Conservatives , by 41 per cent to 33 per cent . Voters have mixed views on the role of the rampant SNP , threatening to steal dozens of seats from Labour , if it holds the balance of power in a hung parliament . The poll found that while the David Cameron 's Conservative lead has slipped slightly since the start of the campaign , the Tories still have 34 per cent of voters compared to Ed Miliband 's Labour on 33 per cent . Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she is prepared to prop up an Ed Miliband government even if Labour wins fewer seats . Half of all voters -LRB- 50 per cent -RRB- say the SNP should be allowed to try to form a government with whichever party it chooses . But 32 per cent insist it should try to form a government with the party with the most MPs . Conservative voters are most likely to say that the SNP should have to try to form a government with the party with the most MPs in Parliament , rather than its preferred choice , by 43 per cent to 40 per cent . Katharine Peacock , managing director of ComRes , said : ` After a desperate five years -LSB- for the Lib Dems -RSB- in terms of public support , this poll may be the first sign of such a recovery happening again . But they start from a long way behind . ' A Survation poll for the Daily Mirror put Labour on 35 per cent , the Tories on 31 per cent , Ukip 15 per cent , Lib Dems 9 per cent and Greens 4 per cent . A prominent Ukip candidate says he wants David Cameron to win the General Election . John van Weenen admitted his party is ` not in the running ' but said he was speaking out because of the threat of Labour taking power propped up by the Scottish Nationalists . Mr van Weenen , 73 , who is standing in South West Bedfordshire , said : ` The SNP is going to get in , and I would rather see Cameron get in . I agree with Ukip policy entirely , but I 'm concerned looking at the big picture . ' Enough already ... Voters do n't want to know about leaders ' wives . A large majority of voters does not want to know about the spouses and children of party leaders , the poll reveals . It shows that 71 per cent believe they are only voting for politicians - and have no need to know about their wives , husbands or offspring . Just 25 per cent say it is important to get to know party leaders ' families to better understand their characters . The findings are a blow to the three main party leaders , who have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign than ever before . Only 25 per cent of voters believe it is important to get to know party leaders ' families , a new ComRes poll shows . The party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign than ever before . Samantha Cameron has accompanied her husband on a series of election visits , and even made a solo stop to the seat of Rochester , in Kent , where the Tories are seeking to dislodge Ukip defector Mark Reckless . She has also spoken on camera when a BBC crew was ushered into the Cameron 's Oxfordshire home . Justine Miliband yesterday gave a national newspaper interview , and has also welcomed TV cameras into her home to film her and her children , while Miriam Gonzalez Durantez , Nick Clegg 's wife , has similarly appeared on camera and taken part in campaign visits . The ComRes poll shows Conservative voters are the most likely to think it is important to get to know the wives and families of the party leaders -- 32 per cent -- compared to a quarter -- 25 per cent -- of Labour voters . Women are marginally more likely to want to know about politicians ' spouses and families than men , by 27 per cent to 24 per cent . A separate poll , by YouGov , found that Mrs Cameron is twice as popular as other leaders ' wives . It found that 54 per cent of voters said they liked Mrs Cameron , more than double the proportion who opted for Ms Gonzalez Durantez Clegg or Mrs Miliband . The Prime Minister 's wife scored well with men and women alike , as well as voters who have backed other parties . The poll found that women are marginally more likely to want to know about politicians ' spouses and families than men , by 27 per cent to 24 per cent . Above : Ed Miliband is supported by wife Justine during the campaign . The poll for the London Evening Standard asked which of the women was ` the best election asset for their parties ' , with 26 per cent backing Mrs Miliband and 20 per cent supporting Ms Gonzalez Durantez . Some 90 per cent of Tory supporters chose Mrs Cameron , compared with 82 per cent of Lib-Dem supporters who opted for Mrs Clegg . Only 61 per cent of Labour supporters backed Mrs Miliband , with around a fifth believing Mrs Cameron was a better asset and a fifth thinking Mrs Clegg was the best . Tanya Abraham , of YouGov , said : ` Samantha Cameron is the clear winner in the battle of the wives . ` However , it should be noted that as the wife of the Prime Minister she has had a high profile over the past few years . It could be that as the campaign progresses Miriam Clegg and Justine Miliband become better known and their impact on the party or politicians ' image increases . '