West Ham are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper , according to defender Carl Jenkinson . The Hammers ' once promising campaign has tailed off , with a run of just one win in 11 Barclays Premier League games seeing the club slip from Champions League contention to mid-table . Their latest disappointing result came at Manchester City on Sunday as they went down to an insipid 2-0 defeat . Carl Jenkinson holds off the challenge from Jesus Navas during West Ham 's 2-0 defeat by Manchester City . West Ham defender Jenkinson challenges Aleksandar Kolorov during the clash at the Etihad on Sunday . With Europe now not realistic and relegation not an issue , the Hammers would now seem to have little to play for but Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless . The 23-year-old , who has enjoyed a successful season-long loan from Arsenal and could make the switch permanently , said : ` People in our dressing room are fired up . If you came in the changing room after the game you 'd see that . ` People are n't resting on their laurels , people ai n't happy finishing mid-table . We want to kick on . We have got something to prove now because we have been on a bad run of games and we want to put that right . We owe that to ourselves and the fans . ' West Ham were never in the game at the Etihad Stadium , losing after a bizarre own goal from James Collins and a swift counter-attack strike from Sergio Aguero before half-time . James Collins scored a comical own goal to give Manchester City the lead on Sunday . Enner Valencia and Kevin Nolan did have late chances after City lost momentum following injury to David Silva but they were generally lacklustre throughout the contest . Jenkinson felt the visitors paid the price for their mistakes but does not feel the team are much doing much differently from the early part of the season . He said : ` I would n't want to blame it on luck but a few things have n't gone our way lately and we have conceded some late goals . ` I think this was a different story - we made a couple of mistakes and got punished . Sergio Aguero doubled the lead for the champions as they ran out comfortable winners . ` Of course we have got to work on our performances but if you look at the last 10 games , our performances have n't been bad at all . ` We have had some really good performances but teams have scored late goals against us and we have ended up getting a point instead of three . It has been a bit frustrating . ` I just think early on in the season we were finishing everything . Everything we got was going in the back of net and at important times of the game . ` We have gone ahead in recent games but never killed the games off and have ended up conceding cheaply towards the end of the game . Of course that is a real kick in the teeth . ` It is not nice blaming things on luck - you make your own luck - but that has been the story of our last couple of months . '