The son of a Labour councillor who was detained in Turkey after apparently trying to sneak into Syria with eight family members was seen grinning as he began his journey back to Britain . Waheed Ahmed , 21 , who is the son of Rochdale politician Shakil Ahmed , was arrested with eight relatives -- including four children -- in a remote Turkish border town earlier this month . However , it is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman into Manchester Airport later this evening . Scroll down for video . All smiles : Waheed Ahmed looks relaxed as he begins his journey back to the UK after being caught trying to sneak into Syria with eight family members . On the way home : The 21-year-old , sporting a shaved head , was filmed being escorted from a vehicle . Sky News reported that the remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday . The majority of the family flew to Turkey on March 27 from Manchester Airport and are accused of having plans to try and sneak across the border into Syria . Waheed did not fly out with his family but joined them three days later on a flight from Birmingham . Mohammed Shafiq , a friend of Waheed 's father , said there were concerns about his behaviour in the months leading up to his arrest . He told Sky News : ` There were concerns in the last six months to a year about a change in his behaviour . ` And a change in his attitude towards various different issues . ` That was causing concern for people in the community and his family . ' Earlier this month , Waheed 's father spoke of his shock after being told that his son is suspected of being a militant Islamist . He said : ` All I know is that they were on holiday and then the next thing I am told is that they have been arrested . ' Mr Ahmed was with his aunt , two cousins and one of their wives when they were stopped in Turkey , near the Syrian border . Waheed Ahmed , the 21-year-old son of Labour Councillor Shakil Ahmed , is understood to be returning to the UK on a flight to Manchester from Dalaman tonight following his arrest for allegedly trying to sneak into Syria . Waheed Ahmed , 21 , is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed -LRB- pictured above with Ed Miliband -RRB- . The nine Britons , who include three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 , were seized in Hatay province , in southern Turkey . It shares a border with part of Syria controlled by rebel factions including those linked to Al Qaeda and ISIS . All of those held are from Rochdale and are the biggest family group caught attempting to enter the unstable territory . Counter terrorism officers at Greater Manchester Police began an investigation into their movements and the extended family group were detained at a checkpoint in Ogulpinar earlier this month . A senior officer questioned why anyone would take children so young ` and vulnerable ' into a warzone . The three men and two women , aged between 21 and 47 , were taken to a hospital with their children , aged one , three , eight and 11 . Waheed -LRB- pictured -RRB- was detained in Turkey alongside his aunt , two cousins and one of his cousin 's wives . The nine Britons - four of them children -- were seized by Turkish security forces as they tried to slip into Syria . Officials said they would be photographed and fingerprinted before being deported back to the UK . At the time , photographs showed Waheed , dressed in traditional robes and wearing heavy boots , leading the group from a minibus into a police station . Several women , all wearing headscarfs which covered their faces , could be seen carrying children . Most of the party were wearing walking boots , perfect for trekking across the rugged region . Shakil Ahmed , a bakery delivery driver , is a councillor in Kingsway and served alongside Karen Danczuk , wife of Rochdale MP Simon Daczuk , until her resignation in January . Speaking as he delivered election campaign leaflets earlier this month , he said he recognised his son in online newspaper reports of his arrest . He said the others arrested included Waheed 's aunt , Zadia Bi , 50 , and two of her sons and one of their wives . He said : ` I do n't know why they have been arrested . We have no information . Until they ring we will not know what has happened . ' He said that he had seen his son 's photograph and when asked about one picture of his son laughing , he replied : ` Well , they went on holiday so they should n't be crying on holiday should they ? ' He added : ` I do n't believe my son was on his way to join Islamic State . I was shocked , worried and extremely upset to hear that my son has been arrested . During their arrest , the family were fingerprinted and taken to a police station where they have been held since . One of the family members , holding a child , is seen arriving at a Turkish hospital to undergo medical checks . The family are pictured arriving at a police station in Turkey 's southern Hatay province earlier this month . ` It 's a total mystery to me why he 's there , as I was under the impression he was on a work placement in Birmingham . ` My son is a good Muslim and his loyalties belong to Britain . If I thought for a second that he was in danger of being radicalised , I would have reported him to the authorities . ' The councillor added : ` He 's studying a degree in politics and sociology at Manchester University and has a good future ahead of him . I just want to speak to my son and get him home as soon as possible . ' Waheed apparently called his devastated father to break the news he had been arrested . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .