Sisters Sophie Morgan , 21 , and Sheree , 25 , -LRB- both pictured outside Burnley Crown Court -RRB- allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money . Two sisters who allowed their bank accounts to be used in a ` vile ' plot to con an elderly couple out of their £ 36,000 life savings have avoided jail . Sheree Morgan , 25 , and younger sister Sophie , 21 , both of Nelson , Lancashire , agreed to let their bank accounts be used to accept thousands of pounds in stolen money after the victims were conned out of over £ 36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman . The couple , a man aged 86 , and his 84-year old wife from Cardiff in South Wales , were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang who had got hold of their bank account details . He urged the elderly couple they needed to transfer their money into various accounts ` for their own security . ' The caller even pretended he knew of a list of previous transactions the elderly couple had made , initially rattling off eight incorrect withdrawals before correctly guessing a £ 50 shopping bill at Asda . Consequently the couple were persuaded to go to their local Leeds Building Society and make transfers from their account and makes others from their HSBC savings totalling £ 36,140 to other accounts . The cash was immediately withdrawn after the transfers and were used pay for travellers cheques and Euros at travel agents . The elderly couple tried to get their money back when they realised they had been duped but their plea was refused after the banks said staff had acted ` without negligence and acted upon instruction . ' Sheree claimed she was approached by a friend from school who asked her if she wanted to make some money . But the actual conman who made the calls and pretended to be a police officer has never been traced . The couple later told police the fraudster who claimed to be ` Detective Sgt McDonald from Holborn Police ' was ` extremely well spoken ' and ` sounded as though he knew what he was talking about . ' Sophie Morgan -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and her sister Sheree -LRB- right -RRB- with her ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster . Officers who investigated the scam discovered the Morgan sisters allowed £ 17,500 to be put into their bank accounts after the con . Sheree also recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster , 23 , and her mother Justine Davies , 44 , to use their accounts for the illicit transfers . At Burnley Crown Court , all admitted money laundering but escaped jail after insisting they did not know who was to be conned . The fraud occurred in January 2014 when the fraudster rang the pensioners from an unregistered mobile phone - later cell sited in London . Sheree Morgan -LRB- pictured left -RRB- with her ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster -LRB- right -RRB- - both have avoided jail . Prosecutor Mr Stephen Parker said the unknown conman - who has never been traced - gave the account details of the Morgan sisters , their two accomplices and also another man living in Leeds . The elderly couple were advised to go into their local bank branch and transfer their funds into the accounts - but if queried were to tell staff that it was for ` home improvements ' after being made to believe that the fraud was to do with an insider at the bank . Mr Parker said : ` For their own security they were to transfer the monies to various secure accounts , details of which he would give them . Any doubts or queries were alleviated by his persuasive nature by the man on the telephone . Justine Davies , the mother of Sheree and Sophie - she has been handed a one year community order . ` She described him as extremely well spoken and seemed to know what he was talking about . He asked about seven or eight transactions and one was eventually confirmed by the lady but it was a lucky guess . ` He told them if asked by members of staff at the bank where the monies were going that they effectively lie and say it was for home improvements , because it was believed the person was within the bank was involved in the gang who were operating the fraud . If queried they were to say it was for a new kitchen or bathroom . ` The couple will not be compensated by the banks . The bank said the bank staff acted without negligence and acted on instruction , they asked what the money was for . They have no intention of refunding that amount of money . ' Mother of two Sheree received £ 5,000 in her account on January 17 2014 and withdrew the money straight away . Plasterer Webster had £ 10,250 put into his account which he withdrew and also spent on travellers cheques . Four days later on January 21 she received £ 7,700 and was to withdraw £ 5,000 the following day before buying £ 2,500 worth of traveller 's cheques from the Co-Op travel agents on her card linked to the account . She claimed she had been approached by former classmate from school who had asked if she had wanted to make money . She was told that all she needed to do was allow money to go through her bank in order to avoid paying tax and she would receive £ 700 . She later introduced her sister to the friend and a few days later £ 4,800 was transferred into Sophie 's account . The following day Sophie withdrew £ 3,000 of cash and spent £ 1,490 on travellers cheques and was paid £ 200 for allowing the transfer . Plasterer Webster had £ 10,250 put into his account which he withdrew and also spent on travellers cheques . Sisters Sophie -LRB- left -RRB- and Sheree Morgan -LRB- right -RRB- have avoided jail despite pleading guilty to money laundering . He said he was aware of what his ex-girlfriend had done and it was agreed he would be paid approximately £ 1,000 . He spent his payout on clothes , shopping and items for the house . Davies was told a debt of £ 500 would be cleared if she allowed the transfers of £ 8,390 . In mitigation Kevin Donnelly said Sheree - who is due to start a sociology and criminology course at Burnley College - had been ` unaware of the unpleasant and cynical targeting of the elderly couple ' . She knew she was committing a dishonest act but when she found out the pensioners had lost their savings she was ` genuinely distressed and shocked ' . For Sophie , Simon Gurney said : ` She dealt with the smallest sum of money , £ 4,800 in a single transaction put into her account . Accomplice university student Mohammad Aadil , 21 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- of Leeds admitted money laundering and was sentenced to a one year community order . ` When she learned of the true nature of her offending she was horrified . She has expressed great shame . ' Sheree was sentenced to eight months in prison suspended for two years and must complete 200 hours unpaid work . Sophie was sentenced to a one year community order and one year supervision with 120 hours unpaid work . Webster , of Nelson , was given a four month sentence , suspended for two years whilst Davies got a one year community order . Both were also ordered to complete 150 hours unpaid work . Another accomplice , university student Mohammad Aadil , 21 , of Leeds , admitted money laundering and was sentenced to a community order for one year and 150 hours unpaid work . Judge Andrew Woolman said : ` The couple were clearly elderly and confused and found this fraudster persuasive and on the direction of the fraudster had large sums of money transferred - not into his account but he used you in order , no doubt , to ensure there was no evidence against him , having committed this offence . ` Your offending is vile and were there any suspicion that any of you knew what was going on or even suspected what was going on and the source of the money , you would go immediately to prison . ` Quite clearly none of you suspected the true source of money although all suspected it was criminal money in one way or another . ' After the case the pensioners said : ` As far as we are concerned it 's over and done with . It was a bad time and we want to forget it . '