They say men are from Mars and women are from Venus , and when it comes to the single 's dating scene , this sentiment could n't be more true , according to latest findings from a new relationship study . When it comes to the perks of single life , it seems ladies have starkly different priorities to men , with 54 per cent of women admitting one of the best things about of being single is getting to go home and go straight to bed without being bothered . Yet for Aussie blokes , 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat - surprise , surprise ! Single life : According to a new study , for 54 per cent of single women , the best part about being single is to be able to go home and straight to bed . ... but for men , the best perk is the ` variety of sexual partners ' Lonely lads : While woman named it as the best part of being single , 33 per cent of men said having too much alone time is the hardest part of being single . The findings have also unveiled while more than half of the population claim finding ` the one ' is their biggest priority in life , women seem to be ` all talk and no action ' when it comes to finding ` Mr Right ' . The survey , conducted by eHarmony , found that 54 per cent of women believe they prioritise love -LRB- versus 46 per cent of men -RRB- , yet they actually spend less time actively looking for dates than male counterparts , spending only 38 minutes per week rather over blokes who pitch in a good 71 minutes of effort a week . So why is the quest for love so challenging ? Women admit it 's all about the perfect partner , with 67 per cent saying they have n't met ` the one ' yet and 64 per cent admitting that their perfect ` check list ' is fairly extensive . Ostracised : Single woman Candice Ingram -LRB- pictured right -RRB- tells Daily Mail Australia that she was not invited to a friend 's birthday dinner because she would ` ruin table numbers ' Riding solo : 53 per cent of women hate being the only single person at a family gathering . While 60 per cent of men also admit they have n't met the right person yet , 24 per cent think ` all the good ones are taken . ' Life sure is n't all roses for singletons though , both men and women struggle with the lonely part of single life with 33 per cent of men saying they hate having too much time to themselves -LRB- whereas 77 per cent of women enjoy more ` me time ' -RRB- and 52 per cent of women admitting they hate being told from doting couples how happy they are or being the only single people at a family gathering . Sydney-based singleton Candice Ingram , 39 , agrees that you get treated differently when you 're single . Sick of sympathy : Sydney singleton Candice Ingram , 39 , hates the sympathy she gets from coupled friends . ` I once had a friend 's husband say `` Sorry Candice , I ca n't invite you to my birthday because you 'll ruin my table numbers ! '' ' ` I was horrified . I 'm still Candice whether I 'm single or not , I still have a brain of my own and am an individual , ' she says . This mass of unwanted sympathy that becomes naturally attached to spouse-less women is something Ingram struggles with the most . ` I hate people 's perception of you , ` it 's like - `` oh shame '' when they find out . And I always end up defending myself and saying `` you do n't have to feel sorry for me , I 'm actually quite happy being single '' . ' - source : eHarmony . In the eighteen months Ingram has been back on the single scene , while she has had over 20 dates she does believe being single in the big smoke is hard . ` In Sydney men just do n't seem to approach women . I previously lived in London and you would often have men ask to pull up a chair and join you . ' ` Yet here , all my single friends -LRB- including those who have lived in South Africa , London and Australia -RRB- agree Sydney is hardest place to date in the world . ' Ingram says it does n't help either when the ratio is a complete disadvantage , with the Australian Beuareu of Statistics showing that in the 30 to 54 bracket , there are almost 27,000 more women than men . So this man drought Ingram says means that women are losing a fighting battle . Single slackers : New eHarmony study finds while women want love , they spend almost half the time that men do seeking it . Soul mate success : 60 per cent of men do n't think they have found ` the one ' yet . Not to mention Sydney based dwellers have a difference in priorities too . ` People in Sydney are more focused on careers than finding love and when you team that with less availability of men vs other countries and the fact the older bracket is often married with kids , it 's just hard . ' She does agree though that while she will do her best to get out there , there is often still a certain laziness that comes with wanting to give up on the love hunt . ` If I have a brilliant but long day at work and then go out with friends , it 's nice to not make an effort and relax with people that know you . You do n't have to be `` the happiest , best , funniest , '' you can just have a glass of wine and relax . '