At 6-foot-5 and 289 lb JJ Watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles for the Houston Texans with his explosive speed and power last season . Now the NFL defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field . On Monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap . The standing box jump - a popular CrossFit workout move - is billed as a personal best . JJ Watt performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump . An impressive feat for a man who weighs nearly 300 pounds . The Houston Texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with Reebok . Watt , already a legend in Houston for his performance both on the field and off , leaned down after his jump and declared : ` Must have been the shoes , baby ! ' The clip , impressive as it may be , appears to be a stunt for Reebok , which announced on Monday that they had signed the NFL star to a shoe endorsement deal . After completing the jump , Watt , 26 , screams and declares : ` It must have been the shoes , baby ! ' The video was posted to YouTube by Reebok and pushed the lime-green $ 110 ZPump Fusion shoes that Watt wears for the stunt . Watt , who has been building a superhuman reputation both with his on-the-field heroics and off-the-field community work , will be the face of the company 's ` Be More Human ' ad campaign . Do n't mess with Texans : Watt , 6-foot-5 and 290 lbs , has made a reputation for himself as a defensive terror on the football field . ` The ability to have input in the products I will be wearing is what I love , letting them know what I think they can help me with , ' he told the Houston Chronicle . A survey of YouTube reveals only one higher standing box jump - 64 inches recorded by a personal trainer in Wisconsin . However , none of them are nearly as enormous as Watt , who managed to leap more than five feet in the air despite weighing nearly 300 pounds . At the end of the season , Watt signed a six-year , $ 100million contract with the Texans that included a $ 10million signing bonus . The terms of his deal with Reebok were not disclosed . He had previously signed an endorsement deal with Nike .