Jose Mourinho praised John Terry 's performance against Arsenal - hailing it as the Chelsea captain 's best under him . Terry was at the heart of another impressive Chelsea defensive display as the Premier League leaders kept a clean sheet during Sunday 's 0-0 draw at the Emirates . ` I told John Terry in the dressing room that he has produced some fantastic performances with me but this was his best , ' said Mourinho . John Terry -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates Chelsea 's hard earned point against Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday . Terry stretches for the ball but just misses it , catching Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud on the thigh . Terry -LRB- left -RRB- was at the heart of Chelsea 's solid defensive display against Arsenal . ` It was the best JT has ever played . It was absolutely amazing . One performance at Highbury , I think in my first season , that was a fantastic performance , too . ` But today everything was clean : giving cover , the defensive line , interceptions , reading the game so well , interceptions with a pass . The team were phenomenal , but John was one step ahead of every other player . ' Terry 's performance also drew praise from Sky Sports pundit and Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher , who said the 34-year-old was the best defender to play in the Premier League era . Carragher said : ` I think Hazard will win it -LSB- Player of the Year -RSB- but Terry is just behind Hazard as he has been the most inspirational . ` We always talk about Chelsea being defensive and he 's the best . I think John Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League . ` We will be talking about the John Terry position in 20 to 30 years . We have never seen anyone better at reading play and defending the front post . ' Fellow Sky pundit Thierry Henry also praised Terry for bouncing back in the past two seasons under Mourinho , having at times struggled under previous Chelsea managers Rafa Benitez and Andre Villas-Boas : . He said : ` You have to give him a lot of credit because he has reacted after being left on the bench under Rafa Benitez . ' Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was full of praise for Chelsea 's captain after his performance .