A radical Muslim preacher has been refused a passport after the Home Office accused him of planning to join Islamic State . Trevor Brooks , an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary , was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk . A Home Office letter says that Brooks , also known as Abu Izzadeen , is an extremist linked to members of the banned group Al Muhajiroun . Trevor Brooks is a known associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The letter adds : ` It is also assessed that you intend to travel overseas to Syria where you would use this opportunity to engage in terrorism-related activity , likely fighting alongside the terrorist organisation known as the Islamic State . ' Brooks , 39 , was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence . The Home Office said it could not discuss individual cases . Chourdary made headlines last month when it emerged he had been invited to speak at the Oxford Union despite being on police bail on suspicion of being a member of a banned terror group . The notorious rabble rouser received an invitation by letter from the debating society , which stated it would be a ` great privilege ' to have Choudary appear as the star guest . Choudary , who once said that Woolwich terror victim Fusilier Lee Rigby would ` burn in hellfire ' , was even offered a choice of days on which to attend the debate entitled : This house believes that radicalism is born at home . Britain 's most notorious hate preacher proudly showed off his invitation after launching a hate-filled rant against Western society outside the Houses of Parliament in late March . He said : ` I am still on police bail after being arrested by Scotland Yard in September last year . ` But the police ca n't stop me from speaking . They ca n't stop me from going to the Oxford Union where I 've been invited to speak . ' He was one of nine men held in a series of co-ordinated dawn raids by counter terrorism police in September last year . All the men were held on suspicion of being a member of , or backing a banned terrorist group and supporting terrorism .