Sharmeena : The teenager flew in secret to Syria . The jihadi bride who persuaded three friends to follow her to Syria was brought up in a strict Muslim household which turned to Islamic State apologists Cage when she disappeared , it emerged yesterday . Sharmeena Begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah , a devout Muslim and former religious scholar . He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets . He blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December , flying from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria . Controversially , he has turned for advice to Cage , the hardline human rights group whose leaders have said IS executioner Jihadi John is a ` beautiful young man ' . In an exclusive interview this week , Mr Miah , 38 , sat at the kitchen table of his terraced house , a few minutes ' walk from the academy in East London . It is where Sharmeena lived with him , her mother Shahnaz -- until her death from cancer aged 33 last year -- and her grandmother , Jahanara , 66 . Close to tears , he disclosed how his niece used £ 1,000 to go to Syria , money given by relatives after her mother 's death as a traditional gift in Bangladeshi families to show respect for the deceased . ` At first her Nan -- my mother -- kept the money safe . Then Sharmeena asked to open her own bank account and she gave the cash to her , ' said Mr Miah . ` She also pressed to keep her passport in her bedroom and we allowed that too . If her mother had not died , she would never have had money to go . ' Mr Miah was born in Bangladesh and came to this country as a boy with his parents . He studied Islam before becoming a takeaway restaurant owner and now works nights at a supermarket . ` I have known Sharmeena since she was born , ' he said . ` She grew up in my house with her mother Shahnaz , my sister . ' Shamima Begum 's family at Scotland Yard 's headquarters , London , pictured with Abase Hussen , father of Amira Abase . Lured to jihad : Kadiza Sultana , 16 , left , Shamima Begum , 15 , centre , and Amira Abase , 15 , right , at Gatwick . He explained that Sharmeena 's father , Mohammad Uddin , had not often lived at the house because his work took him away so often . Mr Uddin , 39 , a waiter , has remarried and lives with his new wife in a block of flats in Bethnal Green . Mr Miah has been interviewed by police about his missing niece and the disappearance of her three classmates : Shamima Begum , 15 , Kadiza Sultana , 16 , and Amira Abase , 15 , earlier this year . It is thought that Sharmeena was the ringleader , inspiring the other three to follow her to Syria . It has emerged that a fifth girl from the academy , who can not be named for legal reasons , also plotted to become a jihadi bride . She boarded a plane for Syria from Heathrow on the same Saturday which Sharmeena flew from Gatwick . This girl 's parents alerted police , the jet was stopped on the runway and she was removed . It has also emerged that Amira 's father Hussen Abase is an Islamic militant who marched at the front of a rally led by hate preacher Anjem Choudary and attended by Michael Adebowale , one of the killers of soldier Lee Rigby . Like Mr Miah , Mr Abase is receiving advice from Cage . But her uncle denies his devotion to Islam influenced Sharmeena . He has already been asked by police if she was radicalised at home . ` The loss of her mum turned my niece 's life upside down despite our Islamic belief that earthly life means nothing , ' he said . ` It is the hereafter that we prepare for . She turned to religion after her death . ' He feels let down by police and the school , alleging that neither care about Sharmeena ` because she is a Muslim girl ' . Mr Miah added : ` You tell the police everything you know but they seem to do nothing to get Sharmeena back . I am really scared of what they might do to me if I am blamed for her going to Syria . ' He is also worried for Sharmeena if she does return to the UK . ` I believe she will be prosecuted . I do n't think she will ever be allowed to return to our home . The police will want information from her about the Islamic State and life will never be normal for her again . ' Reliving the morning his niece disappeared , Mr Miah told how the teenager said her prayers at 5 am as usual . ` The early prayers are what we do every day in our Muslim religion , ' he explained solemnly . Sharmeena then came downstairs and told her grandmother that she had extra classes at school . ` She left at about nine in Western clothes , leaving her Asian ones . We do not know whether she took a taxi , bus or train to the airport . Or if she was picked up by a car . I came back from the night shift at ten but I was not alarmed . ' Flight to terror : Clutching their luggage , the three teenage friends prepare to board a flight to Istanbul . But by midday , the family was worried . They rang Sharmeena 's mobile but had no answer . At 5 pm , it was offering to take messages in Turkish . ` We realised she was abroad and I rang the local police , who said she was a missing girl who would come home , ' said Mr Miah . He found a UK number on Sharmeena 's phone records which she had rung constantly , including the morning she disappeared . When he called it , a woman 's voice said : ` Who is Sharmeena ? I do n't know a Sharmeena ' and put the phone down . Mr Miah now suspects the woman was an IS recruiter based in London . ` In my faith , we believe in an eye for an eye , a life for a life , and I would like to kill the person who persuaded her to go away , ' he said . ` I also feel let down by the authorities , who allowed Sharmeena out to Syria and then three of her friends , all from the same school . ' When Sharmeena went missing , he alerted her father and told him he must go to the academy and warn teachers what might happen to other girls . Mr Uddin did but said staff did not listen to him . Mr Miah went a day later and saw a senior teacher . ` I said parents should be warned their daughters might go to Syria . I offered to speak to them myself but I have not been invited . ' Frustrated , Mr Miah turned to officials at Cage , who told him Sharmeena went to Syria ` to get married ' or ` for radicalisation ' by IS . He feels it is the only organisation listening to him or which might help get her back . However , some of his family blame him for her disappearance , added Mr Miah . ` We knew nothing about her plan . I am in shock . Her grandmother is so upset . ` We think only of Sharmeena and worry if she has enough food to eat in Syria . We feel hopeless . ' A Labour councillor 's son seized attempting to cross into war-torn Syria with four children had been targeted by the Government 's anti-extremism Prevent strategy , sources said last night . As counter-terrorism police last night searched the home of Shakil Ahmed -- recently pictured with Ed Miliband -- and Turkish authorities prepared to deport the group of nine , questions were asked over whether signs of 21-year-old Waheed 's apparent radicalisation had been missed . The politics student 's father , 45 , was in hiding yesterday as officers combed the family home in Rochdale , examining a car parked outside and removing several items . The adults in Turkey were named as Waheed 's maternal aunt , Zareeda Bi , 47 , her sons Mahboob Yasin , 22 , and Habib Yasin , 24 , along with Habib 's wife , Samia Bi , 22 . On radar : Counter-terrorism police searched the home of Shakil Ahmed , pictured here with Ed Miliband , as it is revealed his son Waheed Ahmed -LRB- right -RRB- was targeted by the Government 's anti-extremism Prevent strategy . Sources claimed Waheed had been monitored by the Government 's Prevent strategy , which aims to stop extremists resorting to acts of terrorism but has been slammed as a ` toxic ' brand which further alienates disaffected young Muslims . Friends said they had not noticed a change in Waheed 's behaviour . Raided : Police searched councillor Shakil Ahmed 's home after his son was seized trying to cross to war-torn Syria . Bassat Yousaf , 21 , who has known Waheed since they were at primary school , said : ` He 's really a quiet guy . Seeing him on the news came as a shock for me . He did n't seem that kind of person . ` We used to talk about Palestine and Syria and he sometimes collected charity money . I used to see him collecting a lot of charity money for people whose homes have been blown up . ' The nine were seized as they tried to cross into Syria on Wednesday , but Waheed 's father said he had believed his son was on ` a work placement in Birmingham ' . The Home Office declined to comment on reports of Waheed 's involvement with its Prevent strategy , which last year resulted in 77 reports from worried families to anti-terror police . Police refused to say if the adults would be arrested on their return to the UK .