Stuart McCall has dismissed any thought of his Rangers future being decided before the end of the season as he stressed his Ibrox revival had yet to achieve anything . McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins -- including triumphs over Hibs and Hearts -- ahead of tonight 's trip to face Queen of the South . The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season , with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push . Stuart McCall has dismissed any thought of his Rangers future being decided before the end of the season . McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins . And he is adamant he does n't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs . ` There 's been no conversation , ' said McCall . ` At the moment there 's a feelgood factor about the club . ` The only thing that has happened , apart from results improving , is that self-belief , confidence and morale have come back into the dressing room -- along with the support -- so we all seem to be onside . McCall is adamant that despite the revival , his Rangers side are yet to achieve anything in the Championship . ` But that 's all it is . Nothing , I 'd imagine , will happen with me until the end of the season . I 'm totally , 100 per cent fine with that and all our focus is on winning . ` We 've done nothing . We 've won three games . Football can change so quickly . We have got a really difficult game at Queen of the South , so we 're not taking anything for granted . ` Contract-wise for me , I know my gig . I 'm here until the end of the season and beyond that , I honestly do n't know . ' Shane Ferguson is finally set to arrive at Murray Park next week as part of the loan deal from Newcastle . Meanwhile , Shane Ferguson is finally set to arrive at Murray Park next week , two months after being part of the controversial five-man loan deal struck with Newcastle United . McCall is a fan of the Northern Ireland international but is cautious about his chances of featuring after a long-term knee injury . ` I think he has done almost two weeks of training , ' said McCall . ` Unless he is one of these lads who is really fit and can come straight back into it , he will need at least three or four Under-20s games . '