As Zlatan Ibrahimovic famously believes the World Cup is ` nothing to watch ' without him , he 's unlikely to be quaking in his boots about facing Lionel Messi in the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . For most people , Barcelona 's progress into the Champions League semi-final looks a formality given they beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg in France . The only man bound to disagree is the one who modestly called his autobiography ` I am Zlatan ' . Zlatan Ibrahimovic is put through his paces with Blaise Matuidi -LRB- left -RRB- and Zoumana Camara at the Nou Camp . Ibrahimovic and his PSG team-mates , including David Luiz , pictured , face Barcelona on Tuesday night . The Sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea . At 33 , Ibrahimovic is past caring what other people think of him . With an ego that makes Louis van Gaal look like a shrinking violet , he 'll walk down the tunnel at the Nou Camp convinced in his own mind that Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez will be in awe of him . When asked to name a dream team of team-mates he 'd played with , he named himself up front with Messi -- ahead of Thierry Henry and Alessandro del Piero . ` Football is n't something you plan in advance . It just happens , ' he says . His 30-yard propellor kick for Sweden against England is rated by Steven Gerrard as the greatest goal he 's ever seen . To be fair , Ibrahimovic 's CV allows him plenty of bragging rights . The Swede with Bosnian roots has played for Ajax , Juventus , Barcelona and both Milan giants . He once won eight league titles in a row . Not bad for a poor kid whose immigrant parents moved to the roughest part of Malmo . Now he 's trying to make new history with PSG . He was the marquee signing when Qatari owners bought the Paris side and decided to try and turn it into Europe 's greatest football club . They agreed to pay him £ 200,000-a-week , even though France 's 75 per cent top tax rate meant their total bill would be close to £ 50million a year . Not that Ibrahimovic is that overly grateful . He recently called France a 's ** t country ' and had to apologise in a rare burst of self-awareness . Despite domestic dominance , Champions League glory has remained elusive so far . Ibrahimovic has never won the trophy as a player , and his bad luck in the competition continued when he was harshly sent off in the previous round against Chelsea and was therefore suspended for the first leg against Barca . Ibrahimovic is PSG 's main attraction and will take centre stage against his old club Barcelona on Tuesday . The former Barcelona striker jumps for joy after scoirng against Bastia in the French League Cup final . Ibrahimovic , pictured celebrating with Marquinhos , will be convinced that PSG can progress against Barca . For Paris to pull off one of European football 's greatest comebacks , Zlatan and Marco Verratti will have to excel . Ibrahimovic undoubtedly has the talent to produce a flash of brilliance or two to put Luis Enrique 's men under pressure . His balletic left-footed back heel while on the rise for Sweden against Italy at Euro 2004 was a goal very few players could have scored . His famous strike against England silenced those who wondered why he could never produce against British clubs . Against Barcelona , Ibra will have special motivation . He spent a season at the Nou Camp in 2009/10 . It should have been the perfect stage for his talents but he moved to Inter Milan after just a year . Ibrahimovic spent just one season at the Nou Camp before moving to Serie A giants Inter Milan . He felt Messi 's insistence on playing more centrally inhibited his own game and that coach Pep Guardiola was n't strong enough to devise a system that could incorporate both of them . He called Guardiola a ` spineless coward ' after Barcelona were beaten by Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan in the Champions League . Ibrahimovic made his point by scoring for Paris in Barcelona in a group game earlier this season . But this is the big one . Nobody will give him a chance -- except for Zlatan himself .