Everton will look to extend Darron Gibson 's contract this summer as he recovers from the latest injury setback of his career . Roberto Martinez confirmed on Thursday that the Republic of Ireland international will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage , but expects him to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery . Gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months , not least when he ruptured cruciate ligaments , and his position at Goodison Park could be regarded as vulnerable , particularly as Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley in the summer . Everton midfielder Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal . Everton manager Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . Cleverley , who has spent the season on loan at Aston Villa , will become a free agent in July when his Manchester United contract expires and , given they have worked together before at Wigan , he is a player Martinez will consider recruiting . But Martinez has moved to assure Gibson he has a place in his plans . The 27-year-old was signed by David Moyes in January 2012 and has 12 months remaining on his current deal but his manager is already looking at his situation . ` This injury has arrived at such a bad moment because he was back from another long-term injury but it 's something we 'll look at in the summer , ' said Martinez . ` I 've been very pleased with Darron . Coming back from that sort of injury you do n't reach 100 per cent for a long time . Everton will look to extend Gibson 's contract this summer as he is treated for his latest injury setback . Martinez has moved to assure Gibson he has a place in his plans despite holding an interest in Tom Cleverley . ` But when he 's been on the pitch , he 's performed really well . From the Leicester game , all his performances have been really influential . Though he 's now injured , he 's been able to show his worth and for me he is an important player that we want here for the future . ` We are going to see him . But I 'm not too worried . It is a tricky injury because if you do n't heal it properly , it could come back . We need to make sure he is 100 per cent . If he is fully fit for pre-season , that would be fantastic . We do n't have another player like him in the squad . ` We are trying to support him . He can add that calm feeling , he has shown his worth and what he is capable of adding . But it is tough , I wo n't lie . It is devastating for him . We just have to look at the positive that he does n't need surgery . At one point , it looked very likely . ' Cleverley is a target of Martinez and with his Manchester United contract running out a move could happen . Cleverley played under Martinez at Wigan , on loan from United , and has been at Villa Park this season . Having won their last three matches against Newcastle , QPR and Southampton , Everton have put together their best sequence of results in the Barclays Premier League for more than 12 months to clamber away from a potential relegation scrap . There is no chance , however , of them qualifying for Europe next season but Martinez does not think their potential to make new signings in the summer has been effected . He feels the club 's progress over the last four years means they are strong enough to withstand this disappointment . Everton have put together their best sequence of results in the Barclays Premier League in over a year . Martinez does not think their potential to make new signings has been effected by a lack of European football . ` Within football when you face an opposition losing or winning does n't affect players , ' said Martinez . ` It 's how you lose and I think every player who 's faced Everton this season will have come out with a real respect and a real appreciation of the way we play as a club . ` We do n't rely on 10 months of results , we 've got a bigger picture of what we 're trying to achieve and what we 've got in the squad , particularly in terms of the younger players who have been given incredible roles . So I think the perception of Everton has improved in the last 12 months . ` We know the positions that we need to strengthen in the summer . It 's something we 've worked really hard on since January in order to identify those targets but a lot of decisions will depend on how we perform in the last seven games . It 's going to be a very important end of season for us . ' Martinez says he has ` got a bigger picture ' of Everton 's progress and does not rely on 10 months of results .