A Hawaiian fisherman is missing again , just a few months after surviving 12 days lost at sea . Ron Ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving . He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again , in potentially even more danger than before . According to the U.S. Coast Guard , his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of Hawaii 's Lanai island . Rescue the first : Ron Ingraham is pictured above in December being welcomed aboard a Navy destroyer after 12 days stranded at sea . He is missing again . Recovery : Pictured above is the sailing boat Ingraham had got lost in , which was towed back to shore by his rescuers . His sailing mate , Kenny Corder , was thrown into the water with him , and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive . Corder , who was rescued and taken to hospital , said that he left Ingraham with the ring to swim backed to the damaged ship and radio for help . By the time he returned , he said , there was no sign of Ingraham - and Coast Guard officials are still looking for him . The Coast Guard notified Ingraham 's son in Missouri , Zakary Ingraham , said the son 's wife , Katie Jarrett . ` This is absolutely insane , ' she said . Long-lost : Pictured above in Ingraham 's son , Zakary . The two had n't spoken in more than 15 years when he went missing the first time . Ingraham and his son had not spoken for years , but news of his improbably rescue in December brought the two back together . He was considered lost after a search triggered by a Mayday message saying he was about to sink did not help authorities track him down . During a routine trip from Molokai island , where he lives , to Lanai , where he often fishes , a huge storm knocked out his engine and pummeled his boat with 20-foot waves . ` I lived off the moisture off the fish I caught , ' Ingraham said . ` Mentally , physically and spiritually , I got my butt kicked . ' Eventually he got weak and assumed he would die - and friends had already planned his funeral . Man and the sea : This file photo shows Ingraham at sea years ago . His boat ran aground on rocks Friday - his second major difficulty in less than six months . The Coast Guard launched a massive search and he was thought to be dead , until he was able to use a wire hanger to get a signal sent from his battered radio . That led to his rescue by crew members on the guided-missile destroyer USS Paul Hamilton . Meanwhile , another man was also missing from a separate boat around Hawaii after he reported Thursday his vessel was flooding about 10 miles south of Honolulu Harbor . The Coast Guard searched overnight for the mariner who was aboard the vessel Kolea and then suspended the search on Friday afternoon .