A murderer who strangled a woman and put her body in a cupboard has been rearrested after three weeks on the run . William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January . The 53-year-old , who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort , was apprehended in the street in Waterloo , south London , around 7 pm on Friday . William Kerr -LRB- left -RRB- , who strangled Maureen Comfort -LRB- right -RRB- and put her body in a cupboard 20 years ago , has been rearrested after three weeks on the run . His arrest came after a £ 5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on BBC 's Crimewatch . Ms Comfort was last seen alive on December 4 , 1995 . The 43-year-old 's body was found in January 1996 by relatives who broke into her flat after becoming increasingly worried about her whereabouts . It was discovered in a wardrobe in her bedroom . Kerr was jailed for life for murder at Leeds Crown Court alongside Christopher Moody . Both men lodged with Ms Comfort in the two months before her death and had a key to the property , the court heard at the time . Kerr served 15 years before being moved to approved premises 90 miles away . Kerr was jailed for life for murder at Leeds Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- alongside Christopher Moody in 1998 . During the search he was described by police as a ` very dangerous man ' and the public were warned not to approach him . They added that he needed to be returned to prison ` as a matter of urgency ' . Detective Inspector Eamonn Clarke , of North Yorkshire Police , led the search for Kerr . He said : ` Thanks to some information received following the Crimewatch appeal we were able to track Kerr to a specific area of London . ` The information was vital to the effort to trace Kerr as he indicated when he was arrested that he was about to leave the London area after seeing himself on Crimewatch . ` I would like to take this opportunity to thank the people who came forward . '