A series of images capturing the late actor Peter O'Toole on set for the last time have been released in conjunction with today 's release of Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria . In the pictures O'Toole , the star of 1962 classic film Lawrence of Arabia , can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal . Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades and features Steven Berkoff , Edward Fox , Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart alongside O'Toole . Scroll down for video . According to Michael Redwood , inevitable wind-ups surfaced ` whenever the devil inside ' Peter O'Toole needed entertaining . Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria attempts to pay homage to Saint Katherine . Director Michael Redwood paid tribute to O'Toole . He said : ` Peter was certainly not the type to let illness decide over his career , and despite his being poorly at the time of filming , he remained full-on 10 hours a day , showing great interest in the storylines , angles of shots and the lighting . ' He added : ` Of course , the inevitable wind-ups surfaced whenever the devil inside him needed entertaining . Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria attempts to pay homage to Saint Katherine by portraying her as a real women who experiences fear and torment while remaining steadfast in her beliefs regarding the denouncement of Rome 's enforced pagan worship upon the masses . Director Michael Redwood said Peter O'Toole was certainly not the type to let illness interrupt his career . Redwood said : ` My agenda was simple : painstaking research , to create an intelligent screenplay and to seek out Britain 's best performers for their unrivalled ability to help portray the story of this religious icon . ` The dialogue demanded some of the world 's most recognisable voices such as Peter O'Toole and Edward Fox , who were an inspiration to work with . Katherine 's voice had to be most haunting in its delivery . ' The director also paid tribute to the late actor 's sense of humour and noted that his onscreen chemistry was quickly established with Keniheart on account of the pair discovering that they had both had similar , difficult pasts . Michael Redwood stated that on screen chemistry was quickly established between Peter O'Toole and Nicole Keniheart . Director Michael Redwood has a word with Peter O'Toole on the set of Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria . Redwood said : ` Peter managed to politely subdue his mischievousness with Keniheart , but not for long , as she well found out when filming an intimate library scene together . ` I 'd asked Peter to perhaps whisper something to make Ms Keniheart smile after about 30 seconds of a long tracking shot that contained no dialogue , and what he said did indeed make her burst into a grin , but , what he said could never be printed . ' O'Toole enjoyed a long and decorated career and was nominated for a total of eight Academy Awards , received an honorary Oscar , and won four Golden Globes . Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria is available in cinemas and can be purchased on DVD starting today . Dudley Sutton , Peter O'Toole and Steven Berkoff enjoy a joke together while reading a magazine on set . Fall of an Empire : The Story of Katherine of Alexandria is available in cinemas and on DVD from April 6 .