A homeless shelter manager was allegedly killed by a former resident who tried to rape her at gunpoint and them shot her as she ran away naked , according to police sources . West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle , 36 , on Monday evening in the Bronx . The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda . West Spruill -LRB- left -RRB- has been charged with murdering Ann Charle , 36 , -LRB- right -RRB- on Monday evening in the Bronx . Police say Spruill sexually assaulted Charle in her car , but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street . But Spruill , who was also naked , allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest . Her body was found just a block away from Project Renewal shelter on Bronx Blvd where she worked . She was taken to a nearby hospital , but pronounced dead . Spruill was later arrested at a nearby car wash - he was armed with the gun it is alleged he used to kill Charle . The 39-year-old lived at the 108-bed center from last June until January . The 39-year-old had lived at the 108-bed center from -LRB- pictured -RRB- last June until January . Julio Martinez , a shelter resident , told CBS New York that there had been a previous conflict between Charle and Spruill . ` In the lobby they were arguing and he was very upset , he was very upset , ' Martinez said . Charle lived in Queens with her two young daughters . ` She lived for people , had a great heart , ' said Gary Alcendor , her former boyfriend told the New York Post . ` She lived mainly for her two kids . ' Ana Charle with her coworker Wanda . Charle lived in Queens with her two young daughters . Spruill was charged with murder and criminal possession of a weapon - an autopsy will reveal whether he raped her . He claimed Charle , originally from Spain , had requested security at the center , but had not received it . ` She was very nice , always smiling , willing to help people , ' shelter resident Tyquan Holley , 38 , said to the New York Daily News . ` Very pretty , pleasant young lady . ' Project Renewal Shelter wrote on its Facebook page : ` Tragically , Ana Charle , Director of the Bronx Blvd. Shelter , was murdered yesterday . ` Our hearts and thoughts go out to Ana 's entire family . Ana was a dedicated , wonderful , and loving person . ` She worked tirelessly to improve the lives of others . Ana exemplified the very best of Project Renewal and we are heartbroken by this senseless and tragic loss . ' The city 's Department of Homeless Services released a statement saying it was ` deeply saddenened ' by Charle 's death . Spruill was charged with murder and criminal possession of a weapon - an autopsy will reveal whether he raped her . He has six prior arrests , including for attempted murder , and was in prison in Michigan for assault with a deadly weapon .