Forget packing snorkels or body boards this summer , the latest beach craze for those wishing to spend their days in the surf has a more mythical twist . The Merfin , a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid , looks set to be the essential piece of beach play kit this summer . The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina . The 37-year-old , from Byron Bay in New South Wales , created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature . Scroll down for video . Would n't you like to be a mermaid ? The Merfin , a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid has arrived on UK shores . The product retails at £ 99 in the UK . The novelty swimming product has taken off around the world and can be used by kids and grown-ups alike . Designer Kazzie Mahina says the Merfin can also help to tone abs and thighs . After taking off Down Under , the Merfin is now available to buy in the UK , with the country 's sole stockist , online retailer Gigi Brooks , reporting brisk trade . Ali Lovegrove from the Lincolnshire-based stockist told FEMAIL that the Merfin has been ` very popular ' in recent months with a rush expected as beach-goers prepare for their summer breaks . ` As the weather has been warming up in recent weeks we have seen an influx in sales from surfing hotspots in the UK including Cornwall , Devon and Wales and , as we ship worldwide , we have sent them as far as Japan . ' She added that the company had been attracted to the Merfin because ` there is absolutely nothing like them in the market ' . Diver Mahina , who can hold her breath for a startling five minutes , says she spent years perfecting the product . She said : ` I started designing the fins in the middle of 2006 . I went through lots of samples , prototypes , lots of trial and error . ' Mermaid entrepreneur : After spending years bringing the product to the market , Mahina has found herself in demand , with Urban Outfitters chasing an adult version of the product to sell in the US . In character : The freediver and part-time mermaid , who can hold her breath for five minutes , is due to launch a new product this summer . ` People now would go `` oh , that seems to obvious '' or `` it looks so simple '' but it was n't back then . ' In 2011 , she launched a website and started selling the Merfins out of Australia , and by the next year they were in stores around the country . The diver says that after a successful launch in Australia , she was then ` hunted down ' by US retailer Urban Outfitters , who chased the brand for an adult range of the fins . ` They hunted me , they would n't leave me alone . I was like `` What is going on ? This is one of the coolest stores in America . '' ' The fins come in four sizes , ranging from child 's to adult 's , ensuring that grown-ups can flip and swoosh in the water alongside their little ones . Colours range from coral to aqua to a striking sunset orange . Prices start at £ 99 for a child 's fin and £ 120 for adult 's . Gigi Brooks is currently the only UK stockist and has the fins in Coral and Aqua . The retailer said the product has been ` very popular ' There 's an easy-release ankle clip too to ensure that should you prefer to have your feet separated , you quickly can . Designed to be used in the pool or the sea , the Merfin is also being promoted as a fitness aid which can help to tone abdominal and thigh muscles . Mahina said she is already working on her next product , set to be released in time for next summer , and ca n't believe how lucky she is to have found something she is so passionate about . ` Sometimes I pinch myself and say how did it work out that I am the luckiest girl in the world . ` Dreams and ideas belong to the world they do n't belong to any one person and anybody could tap into them and I think I just happened to be connected and passionate and listening enough . ` The mermaiding is lots of fun , and the gift of being able to give that gift of fun -LSB- means -RSB- my fun is just multiplying to know that other people are enjoying themselves . '