The owners of an Oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the U.S. government . Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order . The owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday . Together : Three Oath Keepers are seen armed Wednesday defending the mine . Protests : A Sugar Pine Miner supporter holds a anti-BLM sign at a rally outside the Bureau of Land Management 's offices in Medford on Thursday . Ready to go : A member of the Oath Keepers is seen at the Sugar Pine Mine on Wednesday . Co-owner Rick Barclay acted after receiving a stop-work order last month when officials said they found equipment on site indicating operations inconsistent with standard mine development requirements . The miners have since appealed the order and spokesman , Kerby Jackson , confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from ` burning or breaking anything ' on the property - but gave no more details . The owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off while BLM officials say they want to resolve the dispute peacefully . Owners : Sugar Pine Mine co-owners George Backes -LRB- L -RRB- and Rick Barclay talk about their mining operation outside Grants Pass , Oregon April 21 , 2015 . Guards : Members of the Oath Keepers provide security at the Sugar Pine Mine outside Grants Pass , Oregon April 22 , 2015 . Looking out : A close up shows the hat of a member of the Oath Keepers providing security at the Sugar Pine Mine outside Grants Pass on Wednesday . On watch : Members of the Oath Keepers sit by a campfire as they provide security Oregon April 22 , 2015 . Sugar Pine Mine co-owners George Backes -LRB- L -RRB- and Rick Barclay talk about their mining operation outside Grants Pass , Oregon April 21 , 2015 . Opening : Oath Keeper Joseph Rice stands at the entrance of the Sugar Pine Mine Tuesday . Sugar Pine Miner supporters set up signs outside the Bureau of Land Management 's offices Thursday . But armed Oath Keeper activists have maintained a constant presence around the mine in recent days . According to the Mail Tribune , miners feared the BLM would destroy some of their cabin and equipment before they could appear in court for the appeal hearing . ` We appreciate and share the mining claimants ' interest in peacefully resolving the matter through the normal regulatory and administrative processes that are in place for such matter , ' Bureau of Land Management spokesman Tom Gorey said in a statement , confirming the appeal had been received . Miners and supporters , some flocking from other states , gathered on Thursday at Oregon BLM offices . Gathered : A meal is prepared in a camp as the Oath Keepers provide security at the Sugar Pine Mine outside Grants Pass , Oregon April 22 , 2015 . Speech : Joseph Rice of the Oath Keepers -LRB- C -RRB- listens as Sugar Pine Mine owners George Backes -LRB- C -RRB- and Rick Barclay -LRB- R -RRB- address supporters at a rally outside the Bureau of Land Management 's offices in Medford , Oregon April 23 , 2015 . Protest : Joseph Rice of the Oath Keepers -LRB- R -RRB- holds a copy of the U.S. Constitution while speaking alongside Sugar Pine Mine owners George Backes -LRB- L -RRB- and Rick Barclay -LRB- C -RRB- . At issue is a dispute over mine ownership records , Oregon BLM spokesman Jim Whittington said . The owners argue they have exclusive surface rights and need not follow federal regulations . But Whittington said while the owners have mining rights , the surface rights were ceded to the BLM in 1961 by the then-owners . The miners say they want to avoid a standoff like last year 's fight between Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and the federal government in which the BLM sought to seize cattle because Bundy refused to pay grazing fees . Federal agents ultimately backed down . Gear : An Oath Keeper is seen with a vest that reads ` US Patriot ' on Wednesday . Lookout : Miners and supporters , some flocking from other states , would gather on Thursday at Oregon BLM offices , according to the conservative Oath Keepers activist network . Oath Keepers are seen Wednesay . At issue is a dispute over mine ownership records , Oregon BLM spokesman Jim Whittington said . The owners argue they have exclusive surface rights and need not follow federal regulations . The miners say they want to avoid a standoff like last year 's fight between Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and the federal government in which the BLM sought to seize cattle because Bundy refused to pay grazing fees . Officials closed BLM offices in Medford and nearby Grants Pass to the public on Thursday ahead of the protest . The BLM said it had also told employees to avoid the mine because of the armed activists . ` The safety of our employees and the public continues to be our top priority , ' Gorey said , urging demonstrators to remain peaceful . Oath Keepers spokeswoman Mary Emerick said more supporters were en route to fill jobs for a long-haul protest , from security to cooking . Cliven Bundy 's son , Ammon , said two family representatives had traveled to Oregon , and the family was monitoring the situation .