As holidays go , Kim Kardashian has long had the pick of the planet . Sitting on a bank balance that could sustain a small country , means that the cost of flights and accommodation has never been an issue for the reality TV star . So , where to go and what to do ? While the famous Kardashian used to pick holidays close to home , in the sun , on a beach and with her family - if her recent vacations are anything to go by - times have changed . Scroll down for video . Kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years ? This month , Kim and her husband Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the Kardashian roots . Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband . Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks . It seems that as her fame has rocketed , Kim 's travel tastes have likewise changed . Ahead of her wedding to Kanye , the reality star spent a lot of time in Paris , where Kanye has previously spent months at a time while recording his album Yeezus . He has previously gushed about the city : ` You can just trip on inspiration -- there are so many people here who dedicate their lives to excellence ' The couple eventually tied the knot overlooking beautiful Florence , in Italy , another Kanye favourite . He has previously said : ` I adore Florence . I love Italy and the Italian lifestyle ... I think that our daughter North was conceived here among the Renaissance masterpieces . ' It seems Kim has certainly developed an interest in exploring different cultures with her new family . We take a trip down memory lane to see how her passport stamps have evolved with time ... Miami -- April 2010 . The mega star took a couple of weeks out to lounge around Miami Beach with her two sisters , Khloe and Kourtney . She may have tweeted ` I never want to go home ! ' but we 're not sure we believe her . Kim hangs out on the beach of Miami in 2010 . Almost 13 million people visited Miami in the same year . She buried herself in the crowded strip , rented a lounger , mixed with the hoi polloi and babysat for her nephew Mason Dash Disick . In the same year almost 13 million people visited the city and its beaches , making it one of the least exclusive holiday destinations possible for a Kardashian . Holiday points : 3/10 . Las Vegas -- February 2011 . Where better to celebrate your 30th birthday than the gaudiest , tackiest place on earth ? Vegas hosted the reality TV star 's celebrations which saw her held upside down to drink beer out of a keg . Las Vegas hosted the reality TV star 's celebrations which saw her held upside down to drink beer out of a keg . On the upside , Kelly Rowland serenaded Kim with the Destiny 's Child anthem Bootylicious at Tao nightclub . But , style points ? Null . Holiday points : 0/10 . Brazil -- February 2013 . She 's a different kind of idol , but Kim was more than happy to pose like Jesus in front Cristo Redentor - Christ the Redeemer statue - in Rio de Janeiro during a long vacation . She 's a different kind of idol , but Kim was more than happy to pose like Jesus in front Cristo Redentor . In a garish pink dress , with Kanye next to her , the pair paused for photographs in front of Brazil 's most famous landmark . The duo were in the city for Carnival which attracts 2.2 million visitors to the country , making the most of their last baby-free months and beating a path through the country 's more well-known attractions . They also took time to visit a slum outside Rio de Janeiro . Holiday points : 7/10 . The duo were in the city for Carnival which attracts 2.2 million and visited a slum outside Rio de Janeiro . Mexico - July 2014 . Another day , another holiday . This time with friends Sarah Gomes and Kirsten Noel Gipson at a Puerto Vallarta resort in Mexico . Her Instagram feed was filled with champagne cocktails , sandy beaches , palms and acres of string-bikinied flesh . Another day , another holiday : Kim spent time in Mexico with friends Sarah Gomes and Kirsten Noel Gipson . Her Instagram was filled with champagne cocktails , sandy beaches , palms and acres of string-bikinied flesh . Americans descend with gusto on Puerto Vallarta each year , known for lively water sports and an even livelier nightlife . There is also a strong artistic undercurrent and the town has many art galleries , full of sculpture and ceramics . From her Instagram , we 're not sure Kim saw any of it . Holiday points : 6/10 . Utah -- Jan 2015 . Is it Kanye 's influence ? Since the pair married last year , Kim 's holidays have taken a dive in a more adventurous direction . This January they ditched sun loungers , poolside bars and limos to go on a ski break to Utah with eight other couples . Ditching sun loungers , poolside bars and limos , the pair went on a ski break to Utah with friends in January . The famous pair documented their holiday in a series of Instagram posts , with Kim reluctantly wearing a ski helmet . The group stayed in Deer Valley , a resort placed on the map during the 2002 Winter Olympics , to celebrate a friend 's birthday . Holiday points : 8/10 . They stayed in Deer Valley , a resort put on the map during the 2002 Winter Olympics , for a friend 's birthday . Paris -- March 2015 . It has taken years , but Kim has finally won a seat at fashion 's top table and , as a result , Paris has become her new favourite holiday destination . Her stays are on the rise - her most recent was in March - where she schmoozed with Givenchy 's Ricardo Tisci and swanned about in bespoke Celine . Paris has become the reality TV star 's new favourite destination after her hen do in the capital last year . Givenchy Spring '15 lace up jumpsuit . Shop a similar Givenchy bodysuit at MATCHESFASHION.COM . Visit site . From her newly blonde tresses to the high octane glamour of her outfits , Kim Kardashian at Paris Fashion Week will probably comprise some of our most loved Kim looks to date ! This ensemble here proves that after a long foray into practical , loose shapes , sexy really is back in fashion . The blonde bombshell amped up the sex appeal in this eye-catching lace-up body suit from Givenchy 's Spring '15 show , which she teamed with figure hugging black pants and over-the-knee leather peep toes . Helmed by Riccardo Tisci , the Spring '15 collection was full of black and white latticed jackets and coats , each more ornately decorated than the last with whipstitching and filigree and Roman gladiator dresses in studded leather . Kim 's look here perfectly encapsulates that high octane glamour , and the best part is , you can nab a slice of the high fashion action . Though Kim 's exact bodysuit is sold out , you can follow the link -LRB- right -RRB- to snap up an incredibly similar version now ! Or head to our style edit below - we 're loving Boohoo 's bargain offerings and Nasty Gal 's creation is pure dominatrix glamour . Boohoo Iris Halter Neck Lace Up Bodysuit . Visit site . Mara Hoffman Lace-Up Cami Top at Zappos . Visit site . Nasty Gal Cage Rager Venezia Bodysuit . Visit site . Boohoo Caitlyn Strappy Front Plunge Sleeveless Bodysuit . Visit site . Thanks to husband Kanye 's credibility , and her improved status , the bottom-heavy celebrity was planted firmly on Paris fashion week 's front rows . We 're pretty sure her love affair with the city dates back to her Parisian hen do in May last year , when she toured Valentino 's French château , the Eiffel Tower and the Palace of Versailles . Bravo ! Holiday points : 8/10 . Thanks to husband Kanye 's credibility and her improved status Kim was on Paris fashion week 's front rows . April 2015 - Armenia . Returning to her roots , a grown-up looking 34-year-old Kim made a sombre trip to Armenia with Kanye and sister Khloe . Kim 's father was a third generation Armenian American and the trip was an attempt to retrace their cultural heritage . The group visited the memorial to Armenian genocide victims , as the country prepares for the 100 year anniversary of the tragedy . Kim visited Armenia in April this year to reconnect with her ancestry as her father 's family was Armenian . She said on Instagram ; ` It was an honor to meet the Prime Minister of Armenia , Hovik Abrahamyan who expressed how proud they are that we are proud Armenians and we have not forgotten our roots ! #NeverForget ' . In top-to-toe white , graciously hugging locals and looking her most demure yet , Kim has come a million miles from her beer swigging Vegas days . Holiday points : 9/10 . Kim and her sister Khloe visit Mother Armenia Statue in Armenia during a visit that took in many sites . April 2015 - Israel . After Armenia , Kanye , Kim and 22-month-old North West made a whistle stop trip on their private jet to Israel . They met Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat and had North West baptised at a 12th century church , Saint James Cathedral , in the old city . Kim had North West baptised at a 12th century church , Saint James Cathedral , in the old city in Israel . According to People , the Christian service was an hour long and performed in Armenian and English by Armenian priests . Kim told People after , ` It was such a beautiful experience for my family to have North baptised in Jerusalem . Kanye and I are so thankful . ' As cultural occasions go , this is an all-time high for the reality TV star -- no cheese wire bikinis or Cosmopolitans in sight . Holiday points : 10/10 .