The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff 's department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month . Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the special FBI agent in charge of the state of Oklahoma , Jim Finch , had informed him of the investigation 's results earlier that morning . ` He told me the FBI has completed their investigation and they found no wrongdoing at the sheriff 's office , ' said Glanz , who also said there were no civil rights violations in the incident . Scroll down for video . Sheriff Stanley Glanz told a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris by reserve deputy Robert Bates on April 2 . Robert Bates , a 73-year-old reserve deputy , says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted . On Monday Glanz said he did n't believe reports that Bates ' training records were falsified and he claimed the volunteer 73-year-old insurance executive had been properly trained . But the sheriff stopped short of saying Bates was qualified to use the gun he used when he killed Harris earlier this month . ` Mr. Bates has been to the range several times and is qualified and that is documented , ' the sheriff said . When asked if Bates was trained on the specific gun he fired at Harris , Glanz said : ` That is something we 're still looking at and it will be part of the administrative review . ' Harris ' family has questioned whether Bates was adequately trained . The Tulsa World newspaper , citing unnamed sources , has reported some of Bates ' supervisors were told to certify him after he failed to meet some qualifications . Bates has disputed those reports . His attorneys released some of his training records over the weekend , including certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . Robert bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death of Eric Harris and faces four years in prison if convicted . Glanz also said Monday that action will be taken against two deputies at the scene , including one caught on video cursing at Harris as he lay dying . The sheriff said both have received threats and have been reassigned for their own safety . ` Through our administrative process we will review what those officers did and will take some administrative action , ' the sheriff said , but did n't provide specifics . He said nine officers were involved with the sting , and that two officers had pinned down Bates when the shot was fired . The sheriff said on Monday that Bates had been his insurance agent and that they 'd known each other for about 25 years . He said they met when Glanz 's oldest son was in high school and got into a car accident . Bates served as Glanz 's re-election campaign manager in 2012 and has donated cars and equipment to the sheriff 's office . Shot dead : Eric Harris , who is pictured with his son Aidan , was killed in the incident on April 2 . Sheriff Glanz said he had no plans to resign and that his office 's reserve deputy program meets national standards set by the Commission on Accreditation For Law Enforcement Agencies . A Harris family attorney is scheduled to speak on Monday afternoon to address Bates ' training records . Monday 's news conference followed the release on Saturday of official records detailing Bates ' training and certification . The records included certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . Bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates , of Tulsa , copied and kept for himself . Although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seemed to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . ` For the first time today , we feel like someone 's starting to look at the other side of this as far as his qualifications , ' Scott Wood , an attorney for Bates , said after the documents were released . Sheriff Glanz said he does n't believe reports that Bates ' training records were falsified and that he has in intention of resigning over the incident . Bates spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday , where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members . He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed . ` First and foremost let me apologize to the family of Eric Harris , ' he said as he became emotional . ` I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret ... I still ca n't believe it happened . ' The interview comes just days after Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter . He was released after posting a $ 25,000 bond . On the Today show , he recalled how he had been in his car several blocks away when Harris , 44 , ran towards him amid a botched undercover gun-sale operation . Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after the man . In an attempt to subdue him , Bates went to grab his Taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . In the video , Bates can be heard shouting ` Taser ! Taser ! ' When the gunshot goes off , he says : ` I shot him . I 'm sorry . ' Apology : Robert Bates became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on April 2 . The reserve deputy appeared on the Today show on Friday . Mix up : While on the Today show , he showed where he keeps his Taser -LRB- left -RRB- compared to where he keeps his gun -LRB- right -RRB- . He said that there have previously been cases of officers confusing the position of the two . The fatally-wounded man can be heard daying : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man ' before adding : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ! ' On the Today show , Bates said he was immediately hit by shock when the gun went off . ` Oh my god , what has happened ? ' he recalled thinking . ` This was not an intentional thing . I had no desire to ever take anyone 's life . ' He said that the shock remains with him and he is unable to sleep or concentrate . Bates also stood up and demonstrated where he keeps his Taser on his body - slightly below his chest - compared to where he keeps his gun - on his lower right-hand side near his pants pocket . Today show host Matt Lauer asked him how he could make the mistake , when the two pieces of equipment are kept so far away from each other on the body . ` This has happened a number of times around the country , I have read about it in the past , ' Bates responded . Shooting : This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month . Harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . Terrified : The fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man . ' He then adds : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ' ` I thought to myself after reading several cases , ` I do n't understand how this can happen ' . You must believe me - it can happen to anyone . ' The interview follows reports that Bates , a millionaire insurance broker , had been allowed to ` play cop ' after he donated pricey equipment to the department - a claim he called ` unbelievably unfair ' . Bates , who is among several well-to-do Tulsa residents who moonlight as reserve deputies , has purchased five vehicles for the police force . The Tulsa County volunteer deputy disputed earlier this week a Tulsa World report that sheriff 's office supervisors were ordered to falsify his training records . The World said at least three of Bates ' supervisors were transferred for refusing to go along with the requests , and said it consulted multiple sources who spoke on condition of anonymity , but it gave no indication how those sources were familiar with the situation . ` I want to do everything I can to make sure that people know that this allegation of falsified records is not true , ' Wood said . Confusion : An image shows a Taser and a handgun similar to the weapons Bates was carrying . He mistakenly thought he was holding a Taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot Eric Harris . His lawyer added that the report was largely based on claims made by a man who was terminated from the department seven years ago , at which point Bates had only been there a few months . Bates is classified by the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office as an ` advanced reserve ' . This means that he went through 480 hours training of the ` Field Training Officer ' or FTO . In his statement to investigators , Bates said he had previously attended a five-day homicide school in Dallas and also received ` active shooter response training ' with the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office in Arizona . He also claims to have been involved in ` at least 100 other ' assignments . But the sources who spoke to Tulsa World claimed that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy , despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise . Indeed , Sheriff Glanz and Bates ' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an ` advanced reserve ' and had undergone 480 hours training . However , when asked to produced proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons , including the revolver he fired at Harris , the Sheriff 's Office say they have been unable to find the paperwork .