Like any mother with an eight-month-old baby , Today show host Savannah Guthrie is ready and willing to try any top parenting tricks which will help her precious baby girl Vale drift off . When the 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an Australian father 's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday 's show , she vowed to try the method , which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby 's face until the tot nods off . But Savannah soon learned learned that the trick did n't have a calming effect on her energetic infant . ` Not only did it not make her quiet , ' she revealed on the show this morning , ` It got her so excited she started screaming and squealing with joy . ' All smiles : Savannah Guthrie 's eight-month-old daughter Vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper . Savannah , who had the experiment filmed by the Today show cameras , showed a clip of baby Vale ready for bed in a light blue onesie printed with pink birds -- but as soon as she started caressing her daughter 's face with the tissue , the infant broke out into a wide smile . Vale was soon cooing and laughing with delight - but she was n't any closer to going to sleep . Last month , Nathan Dailo , a father from Sydney , posted a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper . The clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1.7 million views , with one mom commenting on Wednesday that the trick worked for her baby five times already . Full of energy : The 43-year-old watched as her daughter grabbed at the white tissue paper she was using to try and calm her down before bed . Looking confused : Vale , who wore light blue onesie with pink birds , stared at her mom , who was trying to get her ready for bed . Although the tip did n't quite work on Savannah 's smiley daughter , she noted that Vale ` really loved it ' . And the adorable footage was definitely worth watching . ` Could we cancel the rest of the show and watch this ? Today show co-host Willie Geist asked of the precious video . Savannah also revealed that the trick was n't a total failure in her home . Riled up : Savannah gently glided the tissue over Vale 's face , but the trick did n't calm her down at all . Happy girl : Vale soon started laughing and squealing with delight . ` It worked on Mike -LSB- Feldman -RSB- , ' she said jokingly of her husband . ` He was out in 30 seconds . ' Before they moved on to the next segment , Willie could n't help but gush over Vale one last time , saying : ` She is the cutest . ' In February , Savannah threw an impromptu party for her daughter live on air in celebration of baby Vale 's six-month birthday . Viewers watched as the adorably little girl met the team 's yellow Labrador puppy Wrangler , hung out with Sesame Street 's Cookie Monster and palled around with her mom 's co-hosts Tamron Hall , Matt Lauer and Al Roker during her special visit to the studio in New York City .