A primary school teaching assistant has been suspended after a colleague discovered white powder in her bag and reported it to the police . It has been reported that Lisa Heath , 45 , an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School in Gwent , had been carrying Class B amphetamines after police were called and quizzed her . She initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her , but later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession . Lisa Heath , 45 , an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School , Gwent -LRB- pictured -RRB- , admitted carrying a Class B drug on the premises and has now been suspended from teaching . A spokesman for the school told The Sun that Miss Heath had been suspended , adding that she was being dealt with ` through the appropriate internal channels . ' Gwent Police confirmed its officers were called to the school in Ebbw Vale on March 19 after receiving reports a controlled substance had been discovered on the premises . A police spokesperson added : ` A 45 year old woman voluntarily attended Tredegar Police Station where she received a caution for possession of a controlled substance -LRB- class B -RRB- . ' Blaenau Gwent Council has confirmed that the school immediately suspended the member of staff following the incident . A spokeswoman for the local authority said : ` We take such incidents extremely seriously and this matter is now being dealt with by the school and its governing body , together with support from the council , through the proper internal procedures . We are unable to comment further . ' The maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is 5 years in prison plus a fine . For supply the penalty is up to 14 years imprisonment and a fine . If the amphetamines are prepared for injection they become class A drugs and increased penalties apply . There is no indication this was the case with Ms Heath . When a reporter from the paper went to Ms Heath 's home , a man claiming to be her son emerged and denied that she had been suspended or found with drugs . Most amphetamines -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a form of chemical stimulant , are Class B drugs , meaning the maximum penalty for possession is five years in jail plus a fine . He also threatened to attack anyone going near the property with a hammer . Willowtown has 379 pupils aged between three and 11 years old , with 15 full-time members of staff , supported by four part-time teachers . Ebbw Vale , the area in which the school is located , is among the most deprived in Wales , and a third of the pupils qualify for free school meals , above the Welsh average of around 20 per cent .