By the time Cesc Fabregas was replaced in the final minute , the mask had gone and the jeers had melted into applause . The appreciative majority overwhelmed the vocal minority to offer a tribute to the Phantom of the Emirates , one of the finest creative midfielders to have worn an Arsenal shirt in the modern era . It 's true they had booed his every touch and perhaps the loudest cheer of the game followed his yellow card for a dive but for Arsenal it is time to stop being haunted by those they have lost or failed to sign and support those they have . Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters upon his return to the Emirates . Fabregas was cheered - albeit sarcastically - by the same set of fans when he was booked for diving . However when the Chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause . Hull -LRB- away -RRB- - May 4 . Swansea -LRB- home -RRB- - May 11 . Man United -LRB- away -RRB- - May 17 . Sunderland -LRB- home -RRB- May 20 . West Brom -LRB- home -RRB- - May 24 . There have been genuine signs of promise in N5 and reasons for optimism in 2015 , even if Arsene Wenger was unable to add what would have been a significant other by ending his winless run against Jose Mourinho . It is 13 games and counting , and while the Arsenal boss insists it matters not a jot , it is much to Mourinho 's amusement . ` It 's about our club and our team , not about me , ' said Wenger . ` We wanted to win the game for the club . What is important is what happens on the football pitch . Arsenal are third in the Premier League , level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand . ` We want to finish the season well . Every game is difficult but we need to keep the focus until the end of the season . We want to secure the top four , then the top three and the top two , before the FA Cup final . ' To finish as runners-up , for the first time in a decade , and successfully defend the FA Cup , can be framed as progress . More significant is the development of Hector Bellerin , Francis Coquelin and Nacho Monreal . Together with a philosophical tweak , it has made Arsenal a more solid defensive unit , capable of taking points from Manchester City and Chelsea and winning at Manchester United in the FA Cup . Coquelin and Monreal were both ready to make smart fouls at the expense of yellow cards to stop the visitors as they sought to counter quickly . This is not a typical Arsenal trait . Bellerin has been outstanding and few have contained Eden Hazard this season as effectively as the teenager did on Sunday , but Arsenal need more defensive protection and plan to prioritise a defensive midfielder and a new goalkeeper in the summer . ` We have closed the gap since the start of the season , ' said Wenger . ` But what happened is that they had the experience at the back and could close the game down . ` The build-up was quick and sharp but the final ball was n't there . ' With five to play , Arsenal trail the champions-elect by 10 points and must concentrate on catching Chelsea in the knowledge their rivals from the capital 's west will strengthen again in the summer . Amid the progress , there remain reasons for concern . Despite the flair overload of Mesut Ozil , Alexis Sanchez and Santi Cazorla , they could not break down a Mourinho team determined to protect their clean sheet . Spanish defender Hector Bellerin -LRB- left -RRB- has come on leaps and bounds for the Gunners this season . Francis Coquelin of Arsenal evades Fabregas of Chelsea during the 0-0 draw at Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Ozil had glimpses of goal , but Branislav Ivanovic did to Sanchez what Bellerin did to Hazard . Chelsea finished the game with a midfield trio of Nemanja Matic , Kurt Zouma and Ramires , which together with their usually resolute back four amounted to a seven-man defensive shield . In the Sky Sports studio , Arsenal legend Thierry Henry questioned the quality of 18-goal striker Olivier Giroud . ` Wenger has to strengthen , ' said Henry . ` In order to win the league you need great players . I do n't think you can win the league with Giroud . Nacho Monreal -LRB- left -RRB- is among the Gunners players who have impressed recently and did so against Chelsea . ` Chelsea struggled last year but they went out to buy -LRB- Thibaut -RRB- Courtois , Cesc , Matic and -LRB- Diego -RRB- Costa . You see today the difference between a team that did and a team that did n't strengthen . Arsenal still need four top players . ' Those four would be straight down the spine of the team . Imagine Arsenal if you threaded Courtois , John Terry , Matic and Costa through the centre of their fast and fluent side . Arsenal do not long for a Fabregas . They have players who can offer his vision and passing range . Perhaps the supporters who applauded him from the pitch have come to accept this . Thierry Henry said Arsenal will not win the Premier League if they do not buy another striker . But Chelsea do have individuals who would offer extra physical presence and match-winning know-how which would provide a platform for those like Ozil , Sanchez and Cazorla to deliver . Henry must realise this is not the Wenger way but time for nurturing is running out . The Arsenal manager has two more years on what could be his final contract . If he is to close the gap , catch Chelsea next season and end this hoodoo against Mourinho , then it must be done in the summer transfer market .