An A-level student who was described as bright and enthusiastic has been found dead in the bath after suffering an epileptic fit . Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead after having the seizure while at her home in Shropshire . The death of the 17-year-old has shocked family , friends and teachers at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College , where she was studying film , performance , English and sociology . Charlotte Blakeway , 17 , who was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire after suffering an epileptic fit . Friends have took to a Facebook memorial page to pay tribute to Miss Blakeway , who has been described as bright and enthusiastic . Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who was studying music and drama at sixth form and dreamed of becoming an actress . Speaking from her £ 270,000 detached farmhouse on the Welsh border , she added : ` She had her whole life in front of her , she was a bright , beautiful girl . She was bubbly and happy and was studying hard at sixth form . ` She was just loved by so many and although she was a very typical teenager she had an inner warmth . ` If there was anyone who was sad , lonely , left out or ill she took them under her wing . ` She was n't just ` look at me ' . She was a very pretty girl but she had got much more depth than that . The A-level student had been studying film , performance , English and sociology at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College . ` I have a cousin who was very ill with MS he 's 60 , and the first time he actually met her he said ` Charlotte treats me like a normal person ' . ` She loved her prom dress , she chose it and I bought it a year ago . It made her so happy and she loved the photograph of her in it . ` Sadly it was n't the first epileptic seizure . She was on medication but something has gone wrong , but we do n't know what yet , we can just assume what 's happened at the moment . ` It had n't caused any problems until that terrible Saturday when I found her in the bath . ' And friends took to social media to pay tribute to Miss Blakeway , where a special memorial page has been set up on Facebook . Emily Roberts , from Shrewsbury , wrote : ` She was such a lovely girl who always took the time to speak to everyone . ` It was such a shock and so scary to think that someone 's life can be taken so suddenly . ' Rachel Gillon added : ` She was an amazing girl who never failed to make me smile . ` She was never unhappy , always had a big cheeky grin on her face . ` Charlotte would always be there for everyone who need her . ` She was such a credit to our society - I ca n't believe she is gone . ' While Natalie Hamer , also from Shrewsbury , said : ` Charlotte was such a lovely girl , always happy and smiling , very shocked to hear of this sad news . ` She will be missed by so many , but never forgotten . My thoughts are with the family at this sad time rest in peace . ' Miss Blakeway 's body was found in the bath at the family home , pictured , near Shrewsbury , after suffering from a seizure . Principal Martin Ward from Shrewsbury Sixth Form College , also paid tribute saying : ` We were very sorry to hear of the death of Charlotte who came to us from Mary Webb School and who was in her first year of studying film , performance , English and sociology . ` It was a shock for the staff who taught her and her many friends at college and our thoughts are with her family and friends at this difficult time . ' In addition tributes also poured in from staff and pupils at Mary Webb School , where she had previously studied . Headteacher Andrew Smith said : ` As a school we are devastated by the news of Charlotte 's death . ` The thoughts of the whole school community are with Charlotte 's family at this time of great sadness and loss . ` We remember Charlotte as a hard working student who approached everything with a smile on her face . ` Mrs Clewlow , her form tutor , recalls her as a bubbly , bright enthusiastic student with a wide circle of friends . ' Miss Blakeway 's friend took to a memorial page on Facebook to pay tribute to the 17-year-old who was found dead . Another friend pays tribute to the A-level student . Police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious . A spokesman from West Mercia Police confirmed officers attended an address in Ministerly on Saturday . The added : ` A 17-year-old girl was found to be deceased in the bath . ` The death is not being treated as suspicious and the matter has been referred to the coroner . ' No date for the inquest opening has been set . For more information about epilepsy , please visit youngepilepsy.org.uk .