Earlier this week , Brazilian commuter Nelson Felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform . He proceeded to take a photo , and express his disapproval on Facebook , after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours . In the picture , taken on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro , two women hug and gaze into each others ' eyes , but the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes . Brazilian man , Nelson Felippe posted this image , expressing his disapproval at the ` scene ' . The viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant , as he mentions : ` They are challenging social conventions , and this can be dangerous ' In his Facebook post , Felippe stated : ` I am not prejudiced , I think everyone does what they want out of your life . But I find it absurd that I should be forced to witness a scene like this . ` What one does in private is your business , but what you do in public concerns me yes . And I refuse to see a scene like this and consider it normal . ' A man breaks safety regulations by standing with his foot on the yellow line . ` I do not wish ill of anyone , but people should be preserved . -LSB- They -RSB- are challenging social conventions , and this can be dangerous . Continuing with what the unknowing reader assumes at this point is a homophobic rant , the next part of the post starts to become confusing . ` If after a tragedy strikes , or worse , if someone dies , who will put the blame on who ? On me ? Worst of all is the example for children . Suddenly it becomes clear what Felippe , who works at the Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro , is really warning against - with his tongue firmly in this cheek . ` What would happen to a child who sees this scene every day ? ` Kids will think it 's normal to wait for the subway on the yellow line . So , do n't act like that guy over there . ` Follow the example of the girls . ' It seems the Brazilian commuter was in fact observing a public transport safety regulation , which the man in the far top-right is clearly breaking . Felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man 's footsteps . The post has received thousands of comments with users applauding his witty way of exposing homophobia . Leando Da Silver wrote : ` Great text . Shows that do not need to be boring to combat homophobia . ' Celia Rodrigues added : ` There are people that judge before concluding the reading . '