Burying the dead along with a human sacrifice was common in ancient Korea . But an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity . The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea 's Silla Dynasty , leading some experts suggesting that the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex . An unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity . Here , the bones of the two people can be seen on top of one another , leading some experts to suggest the set-up was designed to imitate sex . Archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe that the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her . The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in Hwangnam-dong , a neighbourhood of Gyeongju City in South Korea , Korea Joongang Daily reported . It was the capital of ancient Silla for almost 1,000 years and is known for its intricate gold ornaments and Buddhist temples . The remains of the two people , including leg bones and teeth , were found in the main chamber of the tomb and are thought to have died between the ages of 20 and 30 . Experts believe the tomb was intended for the woman , because her body is carefully positioned to face the sky and she was buried with gold earrings , indicating her high status . A belt , beaded necklace and jade green jewels were also found with her skeleton . It is not known whether she died naturally or was killed . Archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe that the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her . The position of the skeletons is shown above . It 's thought that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman , based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body , such as gold earrings -LRB- pictured -RRB- . In contrast , no precious possessions were found with the male body , leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly , her lover . Both the woman and the man in the tomb are estimated to be between the ages of 20 and 30 when they died , or were killed . The woman is thought to have been a noblewoman , based on the fact that her body was positioned on its back in the tomb , and she was buried with precious items such as gold earrings and jade . A sword and horse harness was discovered in another room of the tomb , indicating she was used to riding a horse and carrying a weapon , which was not unusual during the Silla Dynasty , which sometimes had women rulers . The man would have been the woman 's lover , servant or body guard and it is likely that he was killed to be buried with her . Human sacrifices were buried in tombs at the time so they could act as guards in the afterlife . But when males were killed , they were usually placed at the feet of the person whom the tomb was intended for , or outside the main chamber , indicating that the man was of special interest to the noblewoman . The fact that the bones lie on top of each other have led experts to think that the couple were lovers . Some even say that their bodies were positioned to make it look like they were having sex . In contrast , the man is believed to be a human sacrifice and his bones are positioned on top of hers . While male sacrifices were rare but not unheard of at the time , the set up in tomb is thought to be unique . Silla history expert , Professor Lee Han-sang of Daejeon University , told The Chosun Ilbo : ` The man could have been a servant , bodyguard or lover ' . ` The discovery is important because it shows an unknown type of burial of the living with the dead in the Silla period . ' Kim Kwon-il , a researcher at The Foundation of Silla Cultural Heritage Research , said : ` Male sacrifices were often buried in the room where the artefacts were , as guards , so to speak , for the dead . ' In the Silla tomb , the position of the teeth indicate that the man and woman 's heads laid next to each other . The only bodies previously found in main chambers , show that human sacrifices were often positioned at the feet of the person whom the tomb was intended for . Some historians believe that the couple were deliberately arranged to make it look as if they were having sex , Yonhap News Agency reported . The man 's thigh bones were found on top of the woman 's , indicating that they could have been locked in an embrace when they were buried . However , researchers at the foundation say that t 's more likely that the man may have been buried on a wooden frame above her body , which decayed over time , so his bones became mingled with hers . Explicit clay dolls with large penises or breasts have previously been found and belong to the Silla , supporting some claims that the burial could have been posed to look sexual . In another room of the tomb , artefacts including a sword , harness and pottery was recovered , indicating that the woman probably rode horses and carried a weapon . No artefacts linked to the man were found , reinforcing the belief he was a sacrifice . Tombs from the early part of the Silla Dynasty are rare and just 24 are known to have been discovered . The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered in Hwangnam-dong -LRB- shown on the map with a red marker -RRB- , a neighbourhood of Gyeongju City in South Korea , last December .