Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the ` young guys to take over ' after Jordan Spieth 's record-breaking Masters victory on Sunday . Nicklaus was hugely impressed by Spieth 's four-shot win over Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson , which saw him set 36 and 54-hole scoring records , equal the 72-hole record set by Tiger Woods in 1997 and also become the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta . The 21-year-old , who was second last year , moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind Rory McIlroy as a result and that means the world 's top two players have a combined age of 46 . In comparison , Mickelson is 44 and Tiger Woods 39 . Jordan Spieth -LRB- left -RRB- sent a number of Augusta records tumbling on his way to winning The Masters . The 21-year-old Spieth equalled Tiger Woods ' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par . Jack Nicklaus -LRB- right -RRB- lauded Spieth , and heralded a new golfing era led by him and Rory McIlroy . McIlroy and Spieth have a combined age of 46 , where as Phil Mickelson -LRB- left -RRB- is 44 and Tiger Woods 39 . ` That was an incredible performance , ' six-time Masters champion Nicklaus said in a statement . ` It was so apparent that he learned down the stretch last year , but you have to remember he was only 20 at the time . ` Now he 's a grizzled veteran at 21 years old - just 21 . Jordan is so beyond his years . I like everything about the young man . He 's polite . He 's humble . He handles himself so well , on and off the golf course . And he 's obviously a wonderful player and now a Masters champion . I think Jordan Spieth is a great person - just as I think Rory McIlroy is - to carry the mantle for the game of golf . ` I am someone who likes the new generations . I always have . I think it energises the game of golf . We had Arnold 's -LRB- Palmer -RRB- generation , then it came to my generation , then Tom Watson came along and right on down the line to Tiger and Rory . ` And now we have Jordan Spieth . There are some older players who have been terrific for a long time , but actually this might be time for the young guys to take over . ' Spieth 's mentor and fellow Texan Ben Crenshaw also paid tribute to the new champion after watching the final round from his home in Austin . ` I do n't know what it is , but he just has this maturity , ' Crenshaw , who missed the cut in his 44th and final consecutive Masters appearance last week , told the PGA Tour website . ` He 's got an awareness of where 's he going . He 's got a plan . Nicklaus believes that the duo of Spieth -LRB- left -RRB- and McIlroy ` energise ' the game of golf . McIlroy came fourth in The Masters , falling short in an attempt to seal a career grand slam before he turns 26 . Ben Crenshaw , Spieth 's mentor , praised the maturity he displayed to become the new Masters champion . Greg Norman took to Twitter to praise Spieth and also revealed his excitement for the future of golf . ` When I look at him , I look into a future . He 's a player with so much imagination . I can not wait to watch him play the Open at St. Andrews . It 's a place where you have to have so much imagination . It 's going to be fun . ' Former world number one Greg Norman wrote on Twitter : ` Golf is in great hands @McIlroyRory and @TheMasters champ @JordanSpieth plus a cast of other phenomenal players . Great to see . '