Africa will host it 's first-ever NBA match this summer with basketball stars Chris Paul and Luol Deng taking part in an exhibition match . The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg , South Africa , it was announced on Wednesday . Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation , while Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe . LA Clippers ' Chris Paul -LRB- left -RRB- and Miami Heat 's Luol Deng will play in the first-ever NBA game held in Africa . Eight-time NBA All-Star Paul will captain Team World , while Britain 's two-time NBA All-Star Deng - who was born in South Sudan - will lead out Team Africa . ` I am extremely proud to be a part of the NBA 's first game in Africa , ' said Miami Heat 's small forward Deng . ` Coming from South Sudan and having participated in the Basketball without Borders Africa camps in Johannesburg previously , I am truly honoured to be part of this historic event . ' Los Angeles Clippers ' point guard Paul was equally enthusiastic about the summer showpiece : ` I look forward to representing Team World in the first NBA game in Africa , ' he added . ` It will be my first visit to the continent , and I can not wait to contribute to the growth of the game on and off the court . ' In addition to Paul and Deng , NBA executives , general managers and legends will also participate including 2014-15 NBA Coach of the Year Mike Budenholzer of the Atlanta Hawks , San Antonio Spurs chief Gregg Popovich and the sport 's Global Ambassador Dikembe Mutombo . The game will take place following the 13th edition of Basketball without Borders -LRB- BWB -RRB- Africa , the NBA and FIBA 's global basketball development and community outreach program that has reached 1,000 campers from 31 African countries since 2003 . The NBA family led by the current and former players and coaches will also be participating in extensive community outreach efforts throughout the week including the creation of places where kids and families can live , learn or play in partnership with Boys and Girls Clubs of South Africa and the S.O.S Children 's Villages Association of South Africa that will leave lasting legacies in the community . NBA Coach of the Year Mike Budenholzer of the Atlanta Hawks -LRB- right -RRB- will be at the August 1 exhibition . ` The NBA has worked hard to grow the game of basketball in Africa , and I am excited to take this next step of playing our first game on the continent , ' said NBA Commissioner Adam Silver . ` Our players have been tremendous partners in this effort , and all of us look forward to sharing the authentic NBA experience and the values of our game with fans in Africa . ' More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since Hall of Famer and two-time NBA champion Hakeem Olajuwon was drafted in 1984 . The league has hosted events on the continent since 1993 and in 2010 opened its first office in Johannesburg . Furthermore , NBA Cares has built 38 places to live , learn or play on the continent . More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since Hakeem Olajuwon -LRB- left -RRB- was drafted in 1984 .