Emma Hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty BrCa1 gene . A mother-of-two has battled cancer nine times in the last seven years , despite having her breasts and ovaries removed to try and prevent the disease . Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty BRCA1 gene , which increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent , and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent . She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year , to reduce her risk . But despite the drastic surgery , the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer . Since that point , Mrs Hannigan has battled the disease a staggering nine times , including four bouts in the space of a year . She is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks as specialists try to keep the disease at bay . Mrs Hannigan , an author from Bray , near Dublin , said despite it failing to prevent cancer , she does not regret having preventative surgery . The Breast Cancer Campaign estimates preventative mastectomy is thought to reduce breast cancer risk in carriers of the BRCA gene , by 90 per cent . The odds reduce a woman 's risk to lower than that of the average for women who do not carry the mutated gene . ` I did n't look at it like I was losing my ovaries or breasts , ' Mrs Hannigan said . ` I looked at it like I was gaining my life . ` It was n't a difficult decision . It was a no-brainer - I wanted to live . ' But at the age of 33 , Mrs Hannigan was devastated when she was told , just a year after having surgery , that she had cancer . ` I was tested because there was a family history of breast and ovarian cancer in my family , ' she said . ` My aunt Helen died of breast cancer when she was 42 . My other aunts , Ruth and Cathy , survived breast cancer in their 30s and 40s . My great aunt , Anneliese , died from ovarian cancer . ` When gene testing came in my family were invited to have tests . My mother , Cathy and Ruth were all diagnosed with the faulty gene . ` So I was tested and I was diagnosed too . Then I made the decision to reduce my risk of cancer and have surgery . ` It was not difficult . I had seen Helen die . ` I had two young children . I only had to look at them and know that I had made the right choice . ' Following the mastectomy , her breast tissue was sent away for testing . The results showed early signs of cancer . But in 2007 , the mother-of-two , from Bray near Dublin , was diagnosed with breast cancer . She underwent treatment , including radiation , pictured , and within a few months doctors told her she was in remission . Since 2007 , Mrs Hannigan , an author , has battled the disease nine times , including facing four bouts in one year . She is currently undergoing chemotherapy as specialists try to keep the disease at bay . But doctors said they were pre-cancerous cells , and she was clear of the disease at the time . In June 2007 , she was diagnosed with breast cancer . ` In January 2007 I had muscle pains and a rash , ' the former beautician said . ` My arms and legs started seizing and my face , head , arms and upper torso became covered in a burning itchy rash . Women with a significant family history of breast cancer may have an increased risk of getting the disease . A significant family history is defined by : . Women who inherit the faulty , or mutated , BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes have a 50 to 80 per cent chance of developing breast cancer during their lifetime . Genetic tests are available to women who are likely to have a BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation , or faults in two other genes called TP53 and PTEN . BRCA gene faults are more common in the Ashkenazi Jewish population , about 2.3 per cent of Ashkenazi Jewish women have a BRCA gene mutation . Source : Breast Cancer Campaign . ` Between February and April I was in and out of hospital . ` In June I was diagnosed with cancer for the first time and also dermatomyositis , an autoimmune disease . ` I had IV chemotherapy used to treat both conditions , along with steroids to stop the dermatomyositis . ' After a few months of treatment , doctors told the mother-of-two she was in remission . ` I thought it was over , ' she said . ` I thought I had done my time and that was it . ` But cancer does n't have a social conscious . It came back . ' The disease returned again in March 2008 and October 2009 . Both times she was treated with chemotherapy and went into remission with scans and blood tests coming back clear . Then in 2010 , Mrs Hannigan was diagnosed with cancer four times and was treated with a mixture of chemotherapy and radiation . Each time she went into remission . But the cancer returned in 2011 and she received six months of chemotherapy . Again she went into remission . But again , it returned in 2013 . ` This was the worst , ' she said . ` I got a tumour in my skull and needed 50 bouts of radiation . ` I could n't move my head . It was awful . ' Mrs Hannigan said she wrote to see her through it the long hours of radiation . She has had a successful career as an author writing such books as Driving Home for Christmas and The Secrets We Share . ` Currently the cancer is gone -- but I 'm having chemo every three weeks as a precaution , ' she said . ` Cancer does n't get any less scary . ` The words , `` it is breast cancer '' are never easy to hear . ` All the cancer is classed as breast cancer as this was the primary source -- the place where it first started . ` Each time I was diagnosed it was in my lymph nodes in the area around my neck , shoulder , underarm and or the back of my head . Mrs Hannigan said : ` Cancer does n't get any less scary . ` The words , `` it is breast cancer '' are never easy to hear . ' She said she is no better than anyone else at beating cancer , rather treatments have improved . ` Each time I found the cancer myself in the form of lumps just under the skin . I go to the doctor and am treated . ` Then I have scans and blood tests and it is clear . I am in remission . ` My husband , Cian , 41 , and I crack open the champagne . ` But the cancer comes back . ' She said she was no better at beating cancer than other people , rather treatments have improved . ` And I should know , ' she laughed . ` Sometimes I wonder , `` why I have had it nine times when some people get it once ? '' ` There 's no reason . ' Her son , Sacha , 15 , and daughter , Kim , 13 , will be offered the opportunity for testing when they are 18 . ` But it 's their choice , ' she said . ` Whatever happens I will be there for them . ' Mrs Hannigan has teamed up TanOrganic , the world 's first eco-certified self-tanning brand , to raise money for cancer research . From every bottle sold in Waitrose , TanOrganic will donate 35p to cancer research charities .