Once famed for his mop of blacker than black hair , disgraced Democrat Rod Blagojevich , 58 , has really let his haircare regime go while he serves his prison time . The former Illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician . Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama 's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . Fade to gray : Once famed for his mop of blacker than black hair , disgraced Democrat Rod Blagojevich , 58 , has really let his haircare regime go while he serves his prison time . Back in his days as governor of Illinois , Blagojevich was famed for his boot polish black hair . He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges . Blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution Englewood near Denver . The photos , the first of Blagojevich in prison , were first published by the National Enquirer . The photos show the former governor sitting at a desk , reading a book and wearing glasses and sitting outside in shorts and a wife beater shirt . While he continues to awaiting word on a last-ditch appeal , Blagojevich has daily contact with his family and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates , his attorney said . Last July lawyers attempted to argue that a high court ruling in McCutcheon v. the Federal Election Commission in April 2014 bolstered their view that Blagojevich was engaged in legal , run-of-the-mill political horse trading , not corruption . The McCutcheon ruling , they argued , found that soliciting contributions crosses the line into corruption only when a politician makes a clear , explicit promise to take official action in return for a donation . Blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution Englewood near Denver after he was caught trying to sell Barack Obama 's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president . In that context , defense attorneys said the trial judge was wrong to set a lower standard for jurors by telling them , to convict , they only needed to find that Blagojevich sought donations ` knowing or believing ' it would be given for some official act . But government attorneys responded saying that Blagojevich 's legal team had n't correctly characterized the Supreme Court 's findings in McCutcheon . ` The decision provides no support for Blagojevich 's argument on appeal , ' the two-page filing said . ` Nothing in the -LRB- McCutcheon -RRB- decision suggests that an exchange of contributions for specific official acts is quid pro quo corruption only if the arrangement is stated ` explicitly ' or ` expressly . '' The Chicago-based appellate court has been considering Blagojevich 's appeal for more than a year months . It 's unclear when it might issue a decision .