Diet Pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . Diet Pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . The controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems , although research has shown it to be safe . PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback . Diet Pepsi , Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose , another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda . The decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales . Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners , specifically aspartame . The ingredient , used in fizzy drinks and diet products , has been at the centre of critical reports dating back decades linking it to everything from cancer to premature birth . This is despite the Food and Drug Administration stating that more than 100 studies support aspartame 's safety . However these assurances have failed to convince some people , who continue to report adverse reactions , such as headaches and nausea after consuming foods containing the sweetener . The sweetener , which is about 200 times sweeter than sugar , is widely used to sweeten diet sodas . It is also used by rival Coca-Cola Co in its drinks such as Diet Coke , Coke Zero and Schweppes Diet Lemonade . In a statement today , PepsiCo said : ` Diet cola drinkers in the U.S. told us they wanted aspartame-free Diet Pepsi and we 're delivering . ' The reformulated drinks will begin appearing on shelves in August . Sales in PepsiCo 's beverage business have been hurt by a long-term decline in soft drink sales in the United States . And Coca-Cola said this week that sales volume for Diet Coke fell 5 percent in North America in the first three months of the year . Executives at Coke and Pepsi blame the declines on perceptions that aspartame , first sold under the brand name Nutrasweet , is not safe . Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners , specifically aspartame . Despite aspartame 's poor reputation , it has been ruled a safe food ingredient by food watchdogs in Britain , the EU , the USA and around the world . Last month , a study commissioned by Britain 's food watchdog found eating the sweetener had no impact on the body or behaviour of people who claimed to be sensitive to it . Aspartame has established itself as an important component in many low-calorie , sugar-free foods and beverages and is primarily responsible for the growth over the last two decades in the sugar-free market . It is currently consumed by over 200 million people around the world and is found in more than 6,000 products . These include carbonated soft drinks , powdered soft drinks , chewing gum , dessert mixes , puddings and fillings , frozen desserts , yogurt , tabletop sweeteners , and some pharmaceuticals such as vitamins and sugar-free cough drops . Aspartame is a nutritive sweetener made by joining two amino acids -LRB- protein components -RRB- -- L-phenylalanine and L-aspartic acid , with a third component called a methyl ester group . Very little is needed for a sweet taste , making aspartame virtually non-caloric . 180 to 200 times sweeter than sucrose . Source : http://www.aspartame.org/ . The research had been evaluated by independent experts , peer reviewed and published in the journal PLOS ONE . In December 2013 , the European Food Safety Authority -LRB- EFSA -RRB- published an opinion on aspartame following a full risk assessment and concluded it was ` safe for human consumption at current levels of exposure ' . This was supported by Britain 's Committee on Toxicity which said the sweetener was safe and there was no need for action , such as taking it off the shelves , to protect public health . But Erik Millstone , Professor of Science Policy at the University of Sussex , insists there is good quality independent research which raises safety concerns . An EU funded project published in 2010 found pregnant women who down cans of fizzy drink containing artificial sweeteners appear to be at greater risk of having a premature baby . It is rare for a mother to be to give birth early - before 37 weeks - assuming all aspects of the pregnancy have been normal . The research found this low risk was increased by 38 per cent if the woman was drinking an average of one can of diet drink a day . The statistics , gathered by academics in Denmark , showed that a woman who routinely drank at least four cans a day could increase the risk by as much as 78 per cent . This meant that if the risk of a premature birth was normally one in a 100 , it increased to 1.78 in 100 . The professor also highlighted work by the independent Ramazzini Foundation in Italy . Scientist there have published research suggesting aspartame caused several types of cancer in rats at doses very close to the current acceptable daily intake for humans . Despite having virtually , if any calories , But low-calorie artificial sweeteners actually raise the risk of obesity , researchers fear . The popular sugar alternatives found in diet drinks and in sachets in cafes and restaurants may also increase the odds of diabetes . The sweeteners under the microscope are saccharin , which is found in Sweet 'N Low , sucralose , which is found in Splenda , and aspartame , which is found in many diet drinks . The Israeli researchers warned that ` today 's massive , unsupervised consumption ' of artificial sweeteners needs to be reassessed .