Lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of Englishness . But these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers , according to researchers . As a result , only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens , with the average one usually containing a mere four species -- daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips . These days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers , according to researchers -LRB- file image -RRB- . Almost 40 per cent of people , including 66 per cent of those aged 18-29 , spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it , according to the survey of 1,000 adults by the garden furniture retailer Alfresia.co.uk . Sir Roy Strong , the landscape designer and former director of the Victoria and Albert Museum , told the Sunday Times : ` British people used to take pride in having neat gardens with lots of flowers . ` Now they are watching lots of gardening shows on television but doing less gardening themselves . ' Typical of the trend is Chris Penn , a 31-year-old council officer from Newport , Gwent , who said : ` The main purpose of our garden is as a space to unwind with a glass of wine on a warm evening after work . ' As a result , only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens , with the average one usually containing a mere four species -- daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips -LRB- file image -RRB- . It comes after another recent study found that more and more people are digging up their flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas . Despite the unpredictable climate , one in ten households has a hot tub in the garden -- and the British and Irish Spa and Hot Tub Association has said sales actually increase in years of cold weather . A survey of 2,000 homeowners carried out for Lloyds TSB Insurance found that 10 per cent of respondents owned a hot tub , with the equipment in the average UK garden now worth £ 1,928 . And around 57 per cent of householders surveyed by Lloyds TSB said they use the garden as a place to relax , rather than to cultivate plants .