Fiona Cullum provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after they gunned down innocent nursery teacher Sabrina Moss . A mother who sheltered the killers of an innocent nursery teacher and lied to the police has been spared jail . Fiona Cullum , 25 , provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain as he and fellow murderer Yassin James , 20 , were hunted by police for gunning down Sabrina Moss in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday . Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder in Kilburn , north west London . The men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar . Miss Moss ' friend Sabrina Gachette , then 24 , was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun during the attack outside Woody Grill , in South Kilburn . The Old Bailey heard the shooting was part of an ongoing rivalry between two gangs . Hussain , 30 , James and their getaway driver Martell Warren , 23 , were last year jailed for a total of 111 years after they were convicted of murder and attempted murder . But Cullum , who sheltered Hussain and James ` hours after the murder ' before telling officers she did not remember them being in her home , was today handed a suspended sentence by Judge Stephen Kramer QC . He sentenced her to 18 months imprisonment for harbouring Hussain and to 24 months for lying to police , but suspended the sentence for two years after highlighting her ` exceptional ' personal mitigation , which included drink and drug problems . Cullum was also handed a two-year supervision order and ordered to carry out 50 hours of unpaid work . Miss Gachette , who punched the air when Cullum was found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice , walked out of court after hearing the sentence , as did Miss Moss ' furious mother . The judge said those who help criminals to evade justice in serious cases ` strike at the very heart of our justice system ' . ` What you did was serious and hindered the police investigation into the shooting , ' he told Cullum . Miss Moss was out celebrating her 24th birthday when she was shot dead in a street in Kilburn , north west London . The men -LRB- pictured on CCTV on the street before the attack -RRB- sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar . ` You hid behind a defence that you were so drunk or in drugs you could not recall the days in question and maintained in any event you did not see Hassan Hussain . ' But he added : ` You have a sad background , drinking alcohol from the age of eight and taking drugs from the age of nine years old . ` -LSB- According to the evidence -RSB- you were and are a vulnerable woman with more than your fair share of problems used by a dangerous and cruel man . ' Allowing her to walk free from court , the judge said : ` I have taken an exceptional course with you . Go away and do n't come back again . ' Prosecutor Duncan Atkinson said : ` This case is not concerned with who was involved in the plan to seriously harm members of the South Kilburn gang , or the shooting of Sabrina Moss and others when that plan was carried through . ` This case , rather , is concerned with events after that dreadful incident because in the period immediately following the murder , each of these defendants took steps to assist those responsible for the shooting to evade apprehension and to deny the police evidence relating to Warren in the form of the mobile phones he had been using in the run up to and during the period of the murder , and relating to the car he had been driving . ' ` In the case of Fiona Cullum , she provided such assistance to Hussain and James by sheltering them in the hours after the murder when the police investigation on and around Kilburn High Road was at its most intense , and then lied to the police about them when she was spoken to shortly after Hussain and James were arrested . ' Hussain -LRB- left -RRB- , James -LRB- right -RRB- and getaway driver Martell Warren were last year jailed for a total of 111 years . Hussain and James turn to run after the shooting , which killed Miss Moss and seriously injured her friend Sabrina Gachette . Cullum stood trial alongside Reid Daniel -LRB- left -RRB- , 24 , and Matthew Bouzemada -LRB- right -RRB- , 22 , who were both jailed for three years after they were convicted of assisting getaway driver Warren . She told police she did not remember speaking to Hussain and that he had not been at her address . Giving evidence in court Cullum claimed she was so ` out of it ' on drink and drugs she had no idea Hassan was sheltering in her small north London flat . ` It is at least a possibility that in this sort of state that Hussain entered ... and stayed there for however long , entirely without her knowledge , while she was sleeping off the effects of the night before , ' her barrister Rebecca Randall said . But a jury found her guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice for sheltering Hassan and providing a false statement to police . She was acquitted of perverting the course of justice for sheltering James after the jury could not reach a verdict . Cullum stood trial alongside Reid Daniel , 24 , and Matthew Bouzemada , 22 , who were both jailed for three years after they were convicted of assisting getaway driver Warren . Bouzemada was also sentenced to an extra six months for breaching a suspended sentence for drug dealing . Rakheed Daniel , 21 , was acquitted of perverting the course of justice .