Amelia Rose Jones was allegedly murdered by her grandfather Mark Jones when she was 41 days old . A grandfather accused of murdering his baby granddaughter complained she was a ` bloody nightmare ' when he looked after her the day before she was rushed to hospital , a court heard . Mark Jones is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at his daughter 's terraced home in Pontnewydd , south east Wales . The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather . Miss Jones , 25 , told Newport Crown Court that after she had left her baby in the care of her father for the first time on November 16 to go on an evening out with her friends she returned home and he said he had had a difficult night with the child . She said : ` When I came home he told me Amelia had been a bloody nightmare ... I did n't think anything of it at the time . ` I trusted him with my life and my children . I had no reason not to . He was my father . ' Jones , 45 , of Cwmbran , denies murder . His defence is he dropped Amelia on two separate nights - first after accidentally slipping on a toy and then after suddenly fainting . But his daughter claims he never mentioned slipping over when she returned on November 16 . The next day the child was being looked after by her grandfather while her mother went to the cinema . Before she returned , Jones made a 999 call saying he had gone to make a cup of coffee but came back to find the baby having difficulty breathing . She was rushed to Royal Gwent Hospital in Newport where medics managed to restore her pulse . But after failing to get her breathing the baby was quickly transferred for specialist treatment at University Hospital Wales in Cardiff . She could not be brought back to consciousness and had suffered injuries to her brain , and died on November 19 . It is the prosecution 's case a possible motive for the killing was the defendant 's strong dislike of Amelia 's father Ian Skillern , who had finished his relationship with Miss Jones before the birth of their child . The jury has already heard Jones and Mr Skillern could not be in the same room with each other . Miss Jones told the court that on November 14 - days before her daughter 's death - her father had made a strange comment about her baby . She said : ` Just as he was leaving he said ` even though I do n't like her father I do n't hold grudges against a baby ' . It was a really strange thing to say and came out of the blue . ' Mark Jones , 45 , is being tried before a jury at Newport Crown Court after denying his granddaughter 's murder . Sarah also recalled an incident where she had left Amelia with her father during a shopping trip - and upon her return she found the baby screaming ` like never before ' . She told the court Jones blamed the crying fit on another child - something which she said she had no reason to doubt at the time . Miss Jones also revealed how her father - who had little to do with her as a child until she was 16 - previously duped her into thinking he was gravely ill and even posed as a doctor in bogus phone calls as he tried to mend their broken relationship . Amelia was rushed to the Royal Gwent Hospital in Newport after her grandfather dialled emergency services . The jury has also been told Jones , of Cwmbran in south east Wales , admitted to attempting to pervert the course of justice after lying to police about a teenage boy accidentally hurting Amelia . Prosecution counsel Paul Lewis said the defendant 's ` detailed and calculated lies ' demonstrated the lengths Jones was prepared to go to ` to try and conceal the truth about Amelia 's injuries ' . High Court judge Wyn Williams said he expects the trial to go on until the end of April . The case continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .