A dancing postman has become an internet sensation after a video of him strutting his stuff with a customer received 1.5 million views . Adam Prowse , 34 , of Torquay , was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from Michael Jackson 's Do n't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams ' Happy , while on his round in Exeter , Devon . Captioned ` Some say Adam Prowse delivers in style ' , the original video shows the postman exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer Nichola Sullings 57 , of Exeter . Adam Prowse , 34 , of Torquay , was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson 's ` Do n't Stop 'Til You Get Enough ' The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed ` the happiest postman in the world ' The video concludes with Adam handing her a parcel mid-boogie before heading back to his Royal Mail van to continue his day job . Adam said : ` I have always been an extrovert and have been dancing while delivering for several months now . ` It all started one day when I had the stereo on in the van and was moving a bit . Nichola started dancing , so I danced with her and now we do it every day . ` I worked as a barman for a long time and I had one manager who paid me extra to get up and dance free style on the bar for half an hour . The video of Adam dancing with the unsuspecting homeowner has been viewed around 1.5 million times . Adam said that he has never spoken to Nichola properly despite the fact that the pair enjoy dancing together . ` If I have an audience it is perfect for me . I can not dance with everyone or it would take all day to do my round but there are certain customers you get to know who like to have a laugh . ` Being a postman is a good job , going out and about meeting people and getting some exercise and dancing is just having a bit of fun that brightens up people 's day . ` My moves are not bad but I am not sure I can pull off a proper moonwalk yet . ' Since the release of the 40-second-clip , Adam has received much admiration from female viewers , but states that there is only one woman in his life -- his fiancée , Amy Scott . ` The interest from women is all very flattering but Amy is the only girl for me and she knows it . She has to live with me and puts up with me full time , poor girl , ' said Adam . The postman said the dancing started one day when he had the stereo on in the van and was moving a bit . Adam says he has been dancing on the job for several months now and says he has been staggered by the response to his unusual delivery method . ` She knows what I am like and is seeing the funny side of the video . ` The funny thing is that I have never spoken to Nichola properly . We just have a quick little boogie and then she takes the mail off me . ' Royal Mail spokeswoman Val Bodden said : ` Adam is a great entertainer , who brightens up our customers ' day as he delivers their mail . ' ` As well as putting a smile on people 's faces , he is a hard worker who is good at his job . ` It is a pleasure to have him working for us . ' Adam was recently was filmed on his rounds in Exeter trying out some solo free-style steps before approaching a customer 's door . Royal Mail said that Adam is a great entertainer , who brightens up his customers ' day as he delivers their mail .