The parents of young cancer sufferers now expect to be offered the same treatment as Ashya King , one of his doctors has said . Clinicians are in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of the King family 's flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the UK . Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya King have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary . Scroll down for video . Clinicians in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of King family 's flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors . Ashya was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year . They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy , ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK . Paediatric intensive care consultant Dr Peter Wilson told the documentary : ` It does put clinicians in an impossible position because we now have to try to explain to families why one child ... is getting a form of treatment , why they ca n't and they 've got the same tumour . ` That 's deeply unfair when the NHS is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all . ' After fleeing the UK , the Kings were arrested in Spain and spent several nights in custody after an international arrest warrant was issued against them . Ashya was made a ward of court by Portsmouth council before a national outcry led to their release . His parents Brett , 51 , and Naghmeh , 46 , wanted him to have cutting-edge proton beam therapy instead which is thought to be less harmful . Because it is so highly targeted they claimed it could avoid healthy tissue , particularly tissues and organs behind the tumour . The family then went to Prague for proton beam therapy , and now say there is ` no evidence ' of a tumour . A High Court judge approved the move to take Ashya to Prague for proton beam therapy . The NHS later agreed to fund Ashya 's treatment in Prague . In March , four months after the proton treatment ended , Brett King told a national newspaper a recent scan showed ` no evidence ' of the tumour . But cancer experts have told the BBC although it appears Ashya is in remission it is far too early to say he has been completely cured . Speaking to the documentary , staff at the hospital said they had been viciously attacked in the wake of the story . Dr Wilson said : ` As soon as the story broke , and it became a story of a hospital who was chasing down a family , we were inundated . Paediatric intensive care consultant Dr Peter Wilson said it was ` deeply unfair when the NHS is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all ' that he had to say no to parents wanting proton beam therapy for their children . ` At one stage , especially on the Monday , our switchboard was basically shut because of the number of phone calls we were receiving ; the number of messages that were left ... vitriolic messages for everybody . ` The overwhelming sentiment was one of just an absolute outpouring of hatred . One of the letters said they wished my children got cancer and died . ' Paediatric oncology consultant Dr Ramya Ramanujachar , also involved in Ashya 's treatment , warned the case could set a worrying precedent . She said : ` I do n't think the parents can look after their own child with a brain tumour and be not only the carers but also the professionals directing , managing and dictating their child 's treatment . '