Wigan Athletic have acted swiftly in finding a replacement for Malky Mackay , making former club captain Gary Caldwell their new manager as the Championship strugglers look to fight off relegation . The 32-year-old , who has been at the DW Stadium since 2010 , will take charge for the first time against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday . The move to appoint Caldwell comes as a surprise , with the Scot admitting himself that he did not expect to get the job . Wigan Athletic have made club captain Gary Caldwell their new manager on a long-term basis . Caldwell -LRB- right -RRB- lifted the FA Cup with Wigan in 2013 but now he must lead them out of a relegation scrap . The former Scotland international has made no secret of his intentions to take up coaching in the past . Gary Caldwell , who joined Wigan in 2010 from Celtic and was appointed captain in his first full season at the club . The Scotland international signed a new one-year contract with the club in July last year and was given some coaching responsibilities as part of his new role . On retiring in February after being unable to recover from a hip injury , Caldwell formally joined the academy as a member of coaching staff . Chairman David Sharpe said Caldwell was ` the only candidate we considered ' . Mackay was relieved of his duties following Wigan 's 2-0 defeat to Derby on Easter Monday , which left them eight points adrift of safety in the Sky Bet Championship table . And the club has moved quickly to replace him , naming Caldwell , who will be assisted by Graham Barrow , as his successor on a permanent contract . ` I 've made no secret of the fact that I wanted to move into management when the time was right , ' Caldwell said . ` I did n't expect that to come along as quickly as this but , in football , you need to take opportunities when they arise and I am honoured and excited in equal measures to take charge at the Latics , where I have shared such incredible memories over the past five years . Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby on Easter Monday , with Wigan struggling . ` We are in a really tough place at the moment , but we will approach the next five games with only one thing in mind , to win . After that , we will assess where we are and move on . ' Wigan chairman David Sharpe , who only recently took over from his grandfather Dave Whelan , said the move was made to get an immediate reaction but that the club see Caldwell as their long-term leader . ` After a meeting with him on Monday and discussions all day Tuesday , Gary was the only candidate we considered because we are so convinced of his qualities . Chairman David Sharpe -LRB- centre -RRB- made it clear that the appointment was part of a long-term strategy . ` People will talk about his lack of experience , but every young coach is in the same place , there are many examples of young coaches being given opportunities and being successful , ' he said . ` For me the timing was important ; we will look to get a reaction in the next five games and this period crucially gives Gary a chance to look at the players in his way until the end of the season . Plus it enables us to start working now with a manager we know will be in place next season . ` But this is an appointment for the long-term . ' Caldwell , who turns 33 on Sunday , will be formally presented at a press conference on Wednesday morning , .