A Spanish woman found dead alongside her British partner and two children in Gibraltar is believed to have killed her family before taking her own life . Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman , 37 , is said to have been ` suffering from post-natal depression ' when she allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon , 31 , the couple 's six-week-old baby and her daughter , four . Mr Shannon , from Liverpool , had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children , but police now believe Perez Friman , a Spanish national of Cuban descent , to be the culprit . Scene : John Joseph Shannon , from Liverpool , was found dead alongside his partner Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman , 37 , their six-week-old baby Eve and Perez Friman 's daughter . The couple and the two children , identified as Eve Shannon Perez , and Amanda Kristoffersen Perez , Perez Friman 's daughter from a previous relationship , were found dead earlier this week . According to police , the scene was so horrific that the officers who found their bodies were offered counselling . The family , who lived in Estepona , Spain , had arrived in Gibraltar on March 25 , and were staying in an apartment in the Boschetti Steps area owned by a family friend . Perez Friman is said to have suffered a ` psychotic incident ' as a result of post-natal depression , and stabbed her partner and the two children before taking her own life , the Sunday Express reports . According to the newspaper , Mr Shannon 's body was found with defensive wounds which suggest that he has been trying to protect the children before being killed . Accusations : Initial reports indicated that Mr Shannon was responsible for the gruesome killings , but police now believe that Perez Friman suffered a ` psychotic incident ' as a result of post-natal depression . Acting superintendent Wayne Tunbridge , who is leading the investigation , said : ` We are not looking for anyone outside of the family at this stage but we have numerous lines of enquiry . ` We are in communication with the family members of the four deceased who now must come to Gibraltar before we release any details about the individuals . The family were found in the rented flat in the Boschetti 's Steps area at 11.35 am on Monday . Royal Gibraltar Police said the family had been living in Estepona , Malaga before arriving in Gibraltar and ` it is understood that it was their intention to travel to the United Kingdom ' . Gibraltar police is now awaiting the results of postmortem examinations conducted by Home Office pathologists .