ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner 's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition . The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home . Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer : ` It 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow I 'm gon na get through it . ' Scroll down for video ... Nervous : Bruce Jenner is seen greeting Diane Sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on Thursday ahead of the airing of his sit-down interview in which he is expected to address gender transition . Resolute : The former decathlete tells the journalist that it is ` going to be an emotional rollercoaster but somehow I 'm gon na get through it ' The video then included a previously aired snippet of him talking about his family . ` I ca n't let myself hurt them . They 're the only ones I 'm concerned with , ' the reality star says . The video then shoots to footage of Bruce 's older children ; Burt , 36 and Casey , 34 , -LRB- from his marriage to Chrystie Crownover -RRB- along with Brandon , 33 , and Brody , 31 , -LRB- from his marriage to Linda Thompson -RRB- who all appear in the latest snippet from the show . Another frame includes a photograph of him with daughter Kendall , 19 , and Kylie , 17 , along with his stepdaughters Kourtney , 36 , Kim , 34 , and Khloe . 30 . It ends with Bruce looking to the future , and asking how his ` story ' will end . He says : ` I wan na know how this story ends , you know ? How does my story end ? ' Looking to the future : The clip ends with Bruce asking ` how does my story end ' ABC has kept a tight lid on Friday 's much talked about broadcast , only releasing a couple of non specific quotes from Bruce . The network is not expected to reveal much more in advance of Friday 's program , preferring to give him the opportunity to address the topic in the full context of the interview . Sawyer has not spoken to outside media about the interview , which was conducted in February -- one day in Los Angeles , another in New York . She 's scheduled to promote it on ABC properties on Friday : Good Morning America , Live with Kelly and Michael and The View . ABC News executives also have n't spoken about it , not even confirming publicly until April 6 that the interview had taken place , until this Friday 's airdate was set . Tight lid : ABC has only released snippets with non-specific quotes from Bruce , paving the way for his story to air in full on Friday 's air date . The tight lid enables ABC to avoid the touchy issue of potentially ` outing ' a public figure before the person has had a chance to publicly address the topic himself . Not everyone is waiting : The New York Daily News on Wednesday published a front-page picture of a person they said was Jenner wearing a dress . The approach has left his syndicated entertainment newsmagazines starved for news . Bessey said they 've done stories on the three 15 - or 30-second promos that ABC has released . The first ABC promo showed two Jenner images -- one from behind and the other from the side as he talked with Sawyer , his face obscured by shadows . In the second and third Jenner is heard more clearly , and with two soundbites . ` My whole life has been getting ready for this , ' he said . He also talks of the importance of not hurting his children . Moral support : The 65-year-old father-of-six appears alongside his four oldest children Burt , 36 , Casey , 34 , Brandon , 33 , and Brody , 31 ; the latest clip reused this previously aired footage from another promo . The interview was conducted before Jenner was involved in an auto accident in which another motorist was killed . ABC is expected to address the topic , although the timing precludes it from being raised with Jenner . Some of Jenner 's children , pictured in one of the promos , are also expected to be interviewed . Bessey predicted big ratings for the special . ABC is airing it on a Friday night , when TV-watching is usually low . Two big interviews are among the top 100 most-watched telecasts of all time in the U.S. : Oprah Winfrey 's 1993 talk with Michael Jackson , seen in 36.6 million homes , and Barbara Walters ' 1999 interview with Monica Lewinsky , seen in 33.2 million homes . Friday 's interview likely wo n't approach those numbers , but should certainly exceed the Friday 20/20 average of 6.2 million viewers this season . Bruce Jenner The Interview airs on ABC on Friday 24 April at 9/8C . Not appearing in the interview : Kim , 34 , Khloe , 30 , and Kourtney Kardashian , 36 , as well as Kendall , 19 , and Kylie Jenner , 17 , are not scheduled to talk during the interview .