A café in eastern China has started to charge customers an ` air-purifying fee ' on top of normal bills after it installed machines to provide fresher air . The café manager said the shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day . By charging a one yuan -LRB- 11p -RRB- ` air-purifying fee ' per person , the café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing China , reported the People 's Daily Online . Fantasy Café is one of the first establishments in China to start charging an ` air-purifying fee ' A label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person . The two-storey Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou , the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province . The decision has proved popular among customers , who are mainly students and white collar workers . Many say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthier air while enjoying coffee and meals . A label is put on every table stating clearly that there is an air-purifying surcharge . ` As soon as the customers come in , we will make it clear that there will be a one yuan surcharge for cleaner air , ' said manager , Mr Sun , toHangzhou Network . ` If the customers ca n't accept it , they can choose not to come , ' he added . A customer told the same reporter : ` I think this is a new way of running business . I feel more comfortable eating my meal here with so many purifiers in operation . ' The café opened in July last year and offers various Western drinks and snacks , such as latte -LRB- £ 4 -RRB- , tiramisu coffee -LRB- £ 5 -RRB- , Spanish cured meat platter -LRB- £ 18 -RRB- and pan-fried foie gras -LRB- £ 9.60 -RRB- . Serving a variety of Western drinks and foods , the café is popular among young people . Owner Zhu Ze , 50 , bought the air purifiers earlier this year for around 100,000 yuan -LRB- £ 1,080 -RRB- . Mr Zhu told Hangzhou Network that his business has grown dramatically since he started using the devices . ` My goal is to remind my customers that we spent a lot of effort on providing fresh air , ' he added . Customers say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthy air while enjoying coffee and meals . Like other cities in China , Hangzhou -- which is surrounded by some of the finest landscapes in China , such as the West Lake -- has been battling with air pollution . The city of nine million suffered heavy smog on 154 days in 2014 . According to People 's Daily Online , Hangzhou ranks number one in China in terms of vehicles per capita . The city 's 1.26 million automobiles are the main cause of the poor air quality . Earlier this month , Chinese state media published a set of stunning aerial pictures which show the hundreds of thousands of vehicles thrown on the scrap heap in a sprawling ` car graveyard ' as Hangzhou government aggressively aims to cut back emissions .