In February , when Lady Gaga went on stage at the Oscars , millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to The Sound of Music to mark its 50th anniversary . In Los Angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star , Julie Andrews , came on stage . However , one country was left baffled : Austria , where the movie was set and filmed . ` We did n't really know what was going on , ' said one Austrian I know . Each year , 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film -- it 's the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city . The beautiful flower beds of at Mirabell Gardens in Salzburg that Sound of Music fans will recognise . Julie Andrews from the beloved film The Sound of Music , fans of which continue to flock to Salzburg . The first tours started shortly after the film opened , but now buses emblazoned with The Sound of Music circle the city , day in , day out . And the Austrians still do n't get it . You 'll be looking a long time in the Salzburg tourist shops before you find a Julie Andrews postcard for sale , let alone lederhosen fashioned from curtain fabric . There are some real advantages in this if you 're a fan of The Sound of Music . And I am . It means there 's nothing to stop me from splashing about in fountains while humming that I have confidence or juggling fruit in the markets -LRB- perhaps not a good idea -RRB- . The Old Town , where much of the movie was shot , is too narrow for tour buses , and that fact -- combined with the lack of tourist tat -- means there 's nothing to break the spell as you slide into The Sound of Music mindset . Also happily for fans of the film , Salzburg is a pretty conservative sort of place , and does n't rush about embracing change . Half a century after shooting the movie , Julie Andrews could return to the city and wander round without too many shocks to the system -LRB- providing she overlooked the McDonald 's on Getreidegasse , sitting uncomfortably amid shops selling Austrian national dress -RRB- . For me , Salzburg is the most hummable city ever -- although the tunes you find yourself humming are probably not those that would be chosen by the city fathers . Lady Gaga paid tribute to the film , in the presence of its original star , for its 50 anniversary at the Oscars . Built into the mountains , in medieval times the church harnessed much of the local wealth that came from salt mining -- in fact , it still owns a lot of the surrounding land , and built the magnificent monasteries and convents that dominate the city . The real Maria von Trapp -- played by Andrews in the film -- actually did become a novice at Nonnberg , which was founded in the 8th Century . Head past here around 7 pm and you 're still likely to hear the real-life nuns singing Gregorian chants . Bells peel at every opportunity and the mountains -- well , it 's safe to say they have n't changed much . On my first trip , more than 20 years ago , I stayed at an independent hostel , the Yoho -LRB- www.yoho.at -RRB- in Paracelsusstrasse , which I 'm pleased to say is still going strong and still showing The Sound Of Music for free each night . Then it was a solitary outpost of Rodgers and Hammerstein-based enthusiasm , but now there are encouraging signs that the rest of Austria may just be starting to catch on . Sound of Music tourism began almost immediately after the film 's release and is still going strong . My hotel for this trip , the rather more luxurious Castellani Parkhotel , shows the film on a continual loop on one of its TV channels . I could wake up to Climb Ev ' ry Mountain and nod off to Sixteen Going On Seventeen . And I did . It was an ideal base for a Sound of Music weekend . The hotel even has its own wedding chapel -- a gorgeous baroque concoction created during its days as an aristocratic mansion . It has to be said that breakfast does n't really feature in the film , which is the perfect excuse to start the day with apple strudel . And the best place to do so ? Cafe Tomaselli , Salzburg 's oldest , dating from the 18th Century , right in the centre of the city in Alter Markt . The coffee is strong , served in multiple ways , while its strudel has spiced apple and crisp pastry , and is drenched in enough sugar to start an avalanche . Then it 's time to tick off a few of the key sights . First up , the Residenzplatz , just outside the cafe . In the movie it 's draped with Nazi flags . Cafe Tomaselli , Salzburg 's oldest , dates back to the 18th Century and is in the centre of the city in Alter Markt . Rumour has it that as the Second World War had ended just 20 years earlier , the city authorities were n't keen on the flags , but the producers won them round by saying that the alternative was to use original footage of the German annexation of Austria in the film . Then there 's St Peter 's Cemetery -- a series of catacombs that the movie 's set designers used as inspiration for the flight scenes -- and the Felsenreitschule , the open-air theatre that was used for the concert scenes . Now it shows operas and concerts . As for the Salzach , the river that the city straddles , you cross it via the Mozart bridge , used by Maria and the children as they sang Do-Re-Mi . The Mirabell Gardens on the other side of the river allow an even fuller expression of appreciation for the film . Pat the head of the stone dwarf ; jump up and down the steps ; run about a lot ! Many people do it and -- even more hearteningly -- post the results on YouTube . And all the time , Austrians are just enjoying walking in the gardens , completely oblivious , next to a palace built by an archbishop for his 15 children -LRB- particularly noteworthy in a Catholic country -RRB- . Residenzplatz , just outside Cafe Tomaselli , was draped in Nazi flags in the 50-year-old film . But to really immerse yourself in the full experience , and to see the more outlying locations , you have to take a tour . I 've taken a few in my time -- I tend to feel them calling me each time I head to Salzburg , just as Maria felt the mountains calling her . Over the years I 've been accompanied on them by groups ranging from unthrilled Austrians to up-for-it Australians in dirndls who had us singing the different parts of The Lonely Goatherd as we headed into the mountains . This time , however , I was accompanied by Gerry , an Austrian who 'd actually seen the film , as well as Brits -LRB- loads -RRB- , Americans , and a family from Malaysia . We headed to Hellbrunn , where the gazebo from Sixteen Going On Seventeen is now housed -LRB- and now locked after too many fans tried to leap from bench to bench and injured themselves -RRB- . We also passed the house that served as the main location for the von Trapp family home . It 's now part of the Mozarteum Music Academy , and the easiest way to stay there is to become a top-flight musician . Sarah Turner found herself singing along to The Lonely Goatherd with up-for-it Australians in dirndls . We then started climbing our way into the mountains that feature in the opening shots -- now augmented with nice chalets , as this area is a popular escape for posh Austrians and Germans -- and gazed down at the town of Fuschl and its lake , one of Austria 's most famous views . British Airways offers return flights from Gatwick to Salzburg from £ 102 . Rooms at the Castellani Parkhotel Salzburg start at £ 95 . Tours with Panorama start at £ 29 per person . Finally , we arrived at Mondsee . This lakeside town provided the church used for the wedding . About 70 per cent of the people on the trip -LRB- there is an over-representation of women -RRB- took the chance to walk down the aisle . Needless to say , I was among them . I emerged , blinking , into the sunlight to enjoy cake shops and , amazingly , a shop selling film memorabilia . I felt thrilled . It seemed the whole world was now united in its love for this movie -- even Austrians themselves . What 's more , the state theatre in Salzburg -- the Landestheater -- now even has a production of The Sound Of Music . It 's only taken 50 years . There 's just one thing to remember . Edelweiss is not the Austrian national anthem , whatever Ronald Reagan thought . He once arranged to have it played when the Austrian ambassador arrived at the White House .