The mystery hero who raced to the edge of a cliff and pulled a driver from his precariously-balanced car has been identified as a 29-year-old man who fled the scene to go to work . Jason Warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old Mathew Sitko after he crashed his car on Wednesday morning , causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in Lewiston , Idaho . But after saving the man , Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene . A photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him . Incredible rescue : Jason Warnock , 29 , has been identified as the man who saved Matthew Sitko , 23 , from his car as it dangled over a cliff on Wednesday morning . He left shortly after pulling the man to safety . After he was named on Thursday , he met with the Lewiston Police Department for an interview and it emerged he had been working at the time of the crash and had to get back to his job . He told officers he had been traveling along a nearby road when he noticed debris in the road and the vehicle hanging near the edge of the cliff - so he jumped into action . He ran up to a pedestrian footbridge , climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle . Once there , he tried to break the window , but could n't . Instead , he calmed Sitko down and asked him to roll down the window , and he was then able to pull him out to safety . Afterwards , he took off . ` He said he had to go , and he left , ' Lewiston police officer Eric Olson said . Driver : Mathew Sitko , 23 , of Lewiston , Idaho , is believed to have suffered from an emotional episode before he crashed his car on Wednesday morning . He only suffered minor injuries and is recovering . Thankful : He wrote on his Facebook page on Wednesday that he feels ` blessed ' for how his ordeal ended . Police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist the man . ` The Lewiston Police Department would like to thank Jason Warnock for his quick and decisive actions in helping Mr. Sitko and preventing the situation from worsening , ' the department said . The crash occurred about 8 am Wednesday in Lewiston , at a drop called Bryden Canyon . Sitko had driven through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel , police told the Lewiston Tribune . Police previously said the incident was triggered when Sitko had ` some sort of mental or emotional episode ' and he only suffered minor injuries . Scene : Sitko crashed while driving along the winding road before crashing through the property and dangling over the edge of the drop . Warnock managed to reach him by climbing the pedestrian bridge , pictured . Witnesses say Sitko was driving erratically and swerved to miss another motorist when the crash occurred . It is unclear how far the canyon drop actually measured . Not long after the crash Sitko posted to his Facebook page that he felt blessed . ` Good morning everyone ! I am truly blessed by God today !! Thank you God & Jesus for taking care of me !! I love you ! ' he wrote on his Facebook . Sitko lists his job as working for Moscow and Lewiston Landscaping .