Islamic State have reportedly launched their own ` health service ' , bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service , the National Health Service -LRB- NHS -RRB- . Known as the Islamic State Health Service -LRB- ISHS -RRB- , even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK 's free health system . The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist , urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service . Emerging last night on social media , the video 's poster show a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs , almost identical to images seen on the British healthcare service 's leaflets . The video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs which appear almost identical to images seen on the British healthcare service 's leaflets . A stethoscope can be seen hanging around the male doctor 's neck and a small microphone appears to be attached to his gown , suggesting the health worker was interviewed . An electrocardiogram and the outline of an x-ray also appear in the western style health service poster . Billed as the ` Islamic State Dewan of Health ' , the video features an Australian doctor , known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi . It is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert . Abu Yusuf says : ` My name is Abu Yusuf . I am one of the media team in Raqqa.I made hijrah from Australia to the Islamic State to live under the khilafah . ` I saw this as part of my jihad for Islam , to help the Muslim Ummah -LRB- community -RRB- in the area that I could which is the medical field . ' The video features an Australian doctor , known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi . The doctor is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . One patient is shown being attended to by a Syrian doctor . The video also shows off new medical students being taught how to treat patients . The doctor is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . He says : ` When I got here , I was very happy I made the decision and I was a little bit saddened by how long I delayed it . I wish i had come a lot sooner . ` After being her , it is disappointing to think how many fellow Muslims brothers and sisters in the medical field , who are doctors and nurses , physios , who are still living in the West and are unfortunately the Muslims living here are suffering , not necessary a lack of equipment or medicine but a mainly a lack of qualified medical care . ' The video also features an Indian physiologist called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi . The physiologist encourages more doctors to travel to Syria to help the struggling medical service . Abu Yusuf al-Australi is insistent that despite the heavy losses suffered recently by ISIS , the extremist group 's medical service is coping well . The Aussie doctor is insistent despite the heavy losses suffered recently by ISIS , the extremist group 's medical service is coping well . ` It is a good system that they are running here . Everything is living up to my expectations completely and we really need your help . ` It is not the equipment that we are lacking , it is truly just the staff . Inshallah see you soon . ' The video comes at a time when jihadis on social media , most notably British fighter Omar Hussain , has called on European doctors to join Islamic State . British female jihadi Aqsa Mahmood , could also be drafted into working as part of the Islamic State Health Service . The Glasgow born radical , also known as online recruiter Umm Layth , studied radiography at Glasgow Calendonian university . She originally had high hopes of becoming a doctor before she left her family home and traveled to Syria in November 2013 . British female jihadi Aqsa Mahmood , come also be drafted into working as part of the Islamic State Health Service . The 20-year-old originally studied radiography at university in Glasgow . Aqsa Mahmood originally had high hopes of becoming a doctor before she left her family home and traveled to Syria in November 2013 . The 20-year-old , who was privately educated Craigholme School and Shawlands Academy in Glasgow , is currently believed to be a prominent member of the fearsome al-Khansaa brigade . The al-Khansaa brigade is an all-female militia , mostly foreign female jihadis , who patrol the streets and punish any woman caught committing acts against Islam . However it is likely that with mounting casualties , any jihadi with medical training will be drafted in to work in the ISIS hospitals in Raqqa and Mosul . The new video also comes after nine British medical student reportedly traveled to Syria last month , claiming they were going to help treat the war victims . The students are all believed to be of Sudanese origin and were studying at a medical school in Khartoum , Sudan . The four men and five women reportedly crossed the Turkish-Syrian border last month . Their families traveled to Turkey , desperately attempting to persuade them to come back from the war-torn country . Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas . Pictured from left to right : Hisham Mohammed Fadlallah , Lena Maumoon Abdulqadir and Tamer Ahmed Ebu Sebah . The four women and five men apparently kept their plans secret from their families and fled to Syria from a medical base in Sudan . Left to right : Rowan Kamal Zine El Abidine , Sami Ahmed Kadir and Ismail Hamadoun . The medical students are believed to now be in the ISIS-held area of Tel Abyad , according to a Turkish politician . From left to right : Nada Sami Kader , Mohamed Osama Badri Mohammed and Tasneem Suleyman . ` They have been cheated , brainwashed . That is what I , and their relatives , think , ' Turkish opposition politician Mehmet Ali Ediboglu said after meeting the families . ` We all assume that they are in Tel Abyad now , which is under IS control . The conflict out there is fierce , so medical help must be needed . ' He insisted that the students wanted to volunteer in hospitals , adding : ` Let 's not forget about the fact that they are doctors ; they were there to help , not to fight . ' The students were named as Lena Mamoun Abdelgadir , Nada Sami Kader , Rowan Kamal Zine El Abidine , Tasneem Suleyman Huseyin , Ismail Hamdoun , Tamer Ahmed Ebu Sebah , Mohammed Osama Badri Mohammed , Hisham Mohammed Fadlallah and Sami Ahmed Kadir .