Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli . In fact he 's earning less than half of what Balotelli is on at Liverpool . Puts a few things into perspective does n't it ? Liverpool Football Club have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since Luis Suarez departed , and those mistakes look set to cost them their place in the top four . For Brendan Rodgers ' sake whoever is in charge of sorting out Sterling 's new contract this summer needs to get it right . If they think they can afford to lose Suarez , Gerrard and Sterling in the space of 12 months they are very much mistaken . Raheem Sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . Sterling shares a laugh in training ahead of Liverpool 's FA Cup replay with Blackburn on Wednesday . Mario Balotelli earns more than double Sterling at present despite failing to perform in a Liverpool shirt . Sterling 's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice . Apparently what people want his agent to tell him is that he 's not particularly good , he 's too young to earn big money , and he should sign whatever contract Liverpool offer him because he should be grateful just to even be there . The advice the agent gave was to turn down the contract offer and focus on football until the summer . Sounds reasonable to me . The big problem here is not the tired old narrative of a young greedy footballer . It 's that Liverpool , through Rodgers , have repeatedly told the press and the fans that there would be no problem and Sterling would sign the new deal . In the middle of December , Rodgers described Sterling as ` a talisman ' and told us he was confident he would stay . At the end of January , Rodgers told us the contract would be ` concluded imminently ' . Last month he described the new offer to Sterling as ` incredible ' . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has always insisted that the Sterling talks would be concluded soon . Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal , admitting he was ` flattered ' by their interest . Rodgers has repeatedly insisted that Sterling will not be moving anywhere this summer . Liverpool find themselves seven points adrift in the race for the Champions League places . Rodgers has said things there he had no right to say , but those assurances he gave have now served to make Sterling and his agent out to be the bad guys . The astonished response of hypocritical ex-pros and pundits stuck in an era where the maximum wage still exists was blown up beyond proportion . ` How dare this greedy young man who 's won nothing , scored less goals than Jon Walters -LRB- who thought that one up ? -RRB- turn down this incredible offer from this great club . He should be grateful to be at such a club . ' This was the standard response from people out of touch with the modern game . The ` incredible ' deal was actually an offer which put Sterling on a par with Balotelli . Liverpool Football Club should be embarrassed by that offer to Raheem Sterling , a player who kept quiet last summer when he watched Adam Lallana , Dejan Lovren and Balotelli all walk through the door and sign deals worth more than double what he was on . He then stayed quiet while his performances were being scrutinised more than most in the absence of Suarez and Sturridge , with Lallana injured at the start of the campaign and with Gerrard fading fast . Adam Lallana has been hindered by injuries since he arrived at Anfield from Southampton last summer . Dejan Lovren also arrived at Liverpool from Southampton in the summer and earns more than Sterling . The departure of Steven Gerrard to the MLS this summer will free up space on Liverpool 's wage bill . Meantime Rodgers said there would be no issue with Sterling signing again , so when it turned out there was a problem , Sterling was instantly the bad guy , along with his agent . Now the message from those who want to bring Sterling down is that he 's not very good . ` He 's not good enough to move to a bigger club ' -LRB- since when were Liverpool a small club by the way ? -RRB- . ` He would be stuck on the bench if he moved . ' ` Coutinho is better . ' ` Let him go , Jordan Ibe is coming through . ' If people want to believe all that it 's up to them , but it wo n't alter these facts : . Steven Gerrard and Glen Johnson are set to leave this summer which will free up a huge amount of the wages budget at Anfield . Philippe Coutinho would provide an alternative should Sterling depart Anfield in the summer . The emergence of teenage winger Jordon Ibe also suggests there could be life beyond Sterling at Liverpool . Sterling should be playing Champions League football - something Liverpool may not offer next season . Gerrard knows all about contract situations not being addressed , and that 's why he said two months ago that the club need to sort out the futures of Sterling and Henderson ` before it 's too late ' . It was an important message from the captain that got lost in all the negative spin aimed at bringing Sterling and his agent 's credibility down . The last two defeats have brought the debate back to where it should be : the mistakes made by Rodgers and Liverpool . Ramping up the hate towards a young English player who wants to play in the Champions League and wants to earn significantly more than a total waste of space like Mario Balotelli will hopefully now be seen for what it is -- a way of deflecting from the real issues at Anfield . What 's really disappointing is that a young talented player has had to put up with all this criticism . It 's classically English I 'm afraid . Those critics should be ashamed of themselves . Seriously - imagine if Real Madrid do want Sterling this summer , as Liverpool prepare for a Europa League campaign . Would it be good advice to turn down that move ?