Kate Winslet was a vision in blue at a London film premiere this week . Her stunning body-con dress -LRB- top -RRB- had clearly been made to measure by Stella McCartney . But my , what big feet -- and big leopard-print stilettos -- she has ! At 5 ft 7 in , the 39-year-old Oscar-winner is certainly no towering Amazon , but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary UK size-nine shoe . Kate is endearingly frank on the subject , telling interviewers that Titanic co-star Leonardo DiCaprio found the size of her feet hilarious : ` I 'd put my foot up and he 'd fall about laughing because my feet are exactly the same size as his and he 's 6 ft 1 in . He 'd refer to them as my canoes ! ' The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4 1/2 in 1900 to a roomy six today . But fascinatingly , just like Kate , lots of stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet , as we reveal here . Titanic feet : At 5ft 7in , the 39-year-old Oscar-winning actress , who loves a strappy stiletto , wears a roomy size-nine shoe . Bigfoot : Kate Winslet has revealed that her co-star Leonardo DiCaprio referred to her feet as ` my canoes ' Jerry Hall Size : 8 -LRB- US 10 -RRB- . Elle Macpherson Size : 9.5 -LRB- US : 12 -RRB- . Katie Holmes Size : 8 -LRB- US : 11 -RRB- . The tall Texan , 58 , is famous for her long legs and hanging onto Mick Jagger for 21 years . She said : ` I have big feet , and they keep you firmly on the ground . ' The Aussie supermodel , 51 , is also a canny businesswoman . She markets her own brand of foot spa -- perfect for feet of all sizes , not just Elle 's sizeable twelves . Even at 5 ft 9in , Katie towered over her pint-sized former husband , Tom Cruise . The 36-year-old actress does have large feet for her height - size 8 . Scarlett Johansson Size : 7 -LRB- US : 9.5 -RRB- . Sandra Bullock Size : 7.5 -LRB- US : 10 -RRB- . Gwyneth Paltrow Size : 8 -LRB- US : 11 -RRB- . She 's only 5 ft 3 in , but Scarlett , 30 , has feet larger than the average woman . The star admitted : ` I like my feet -- I think they 're cute . ' America 's sweetheart , 50 , has n't confirmed her shoe size , but is said to wear 7.5 despite being only 5 ft 6 in . They certainly look big -- and match her large hands . Gwynnie , 42 , is known for her love of toweringly high heels -- Michael Kors , Brian Atwood and Giuseppe Zanotti . Her size eights seem large on her 5 ft 7 inframe . Angelina Jolie Size : 6.5 -LRB- US : 9 -RRB- . Uma Thurman Size : 8 -LRB- US : 11 -RRB- . Cate Blanchett Size : 6 -LRB- US : 9 -RRB- . Her size nines were derided as ` weird ' and ` gigantic ' after Jolie , 39 , appeared barefoot in a Louis Vuitton campaign . At 5 ft 7in , her tiny figure emphasises her shoe size . Uma , 44 , is a modest 5 ft 11in . She says : ` I 've always felt too tall , with big feet . ' Quentin Tarantino disagreed , and insisted on close-ups of her size eight feet in Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill . At 5 ft 9 in , Cate , 45 , struggles to walk in her shoes at times -- shedding her Givenchys at a press conference , revealing bunions and red , pinched toes .