Scotland will definitely become independent one day , Nicola Sturgeon vowed today as she again refused to rule out a second referendum on breaking up the Union . The SNP leader said the ` direction of travel ' was towards independence , as she set out her demands for her to support Ed Miliband if Labour falls short of a majority . But David Cameron warned of the ` frightening ' prospect of the SNP holding Labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in England , Wales and Northern Ireland . Scroll down for video . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said the ` direction of travel ' was towards independence butPrime Minister David Cameron warned nationalists would use a Labour government to break up the Union and punish other nations . The Tories have unveiled a new poster showing Nicola Sturgeon pulling Ed Miliband 's strings , which could mean more taxes and borrowing , while England , Wales and Northern ireland suffer . David Cameron has urged people to vote tactically , to keep a Labour-SNP government out of power . The Prime Minister issued a plea to Ukip and Lib Dem voters to lend their support to the Tories to prevent ` Ed Miliband , propped up by Nicola Sturgeon demanding ever more borrowing and more taxes ' . Writing in the Sunday Times , the Tory leader said : ` A vote for any of the other parties makes it harder for Conservatives to get those 23 constituencies we need to form a majority government . ` Vote for Ukip or the Liberal Democrats and you take Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon a step closer to Downing Street -- and our government , economy and country a step closer to chaos . ` So if you are considering voting Ukip or Lib Dem , I urge you to think of the chaos of a weak Ed Miliband , propped up by Nicola Sturgeon demanding ever more borrowing and more taxes . Only a Conservative vote in your local constituency will keep Ed Miliband and the SNP out and secure Britain 's future . ' Mr Cameron warned that with the SNP calling the shots , the rest of the United Kingdom -- England , Wales , Northern Ireland , ` would n't get a look-in ' . Both Mr Miliband and Ms Sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition , with SNP ministers sitting in a Labour Cabinet . But Ms Sturgeon has repeatedly offered to work with Labour to ` lock ' the Tories out of power . In September 's referendum , 55 per cent of people voted against independence , but since then support for the SNP has soared . Latest polls suggest more than half of Scots plan to vote for the SNP , robbing Labour of dozens of seats north of the border . On BBC One 's Andrew Marr Show , Ms Sturgeon would only say : ` I have no plans for another referendum at this stage . ' But she added : ` I think Scotland will become an independent country one day . I think that 's the direction of travel . ` Whether there is another referendum , and whether Scotland becomes independent is not a matter for me to decide . It is a matter for the Scottish people to decide . ' Ms Sturgeon tried to play down the idea that the SNP would attempt to cause disruption at Westminster to further its goal of independence . ` I 've got to persuade people that the SNP in the House of Commons after the election will not be any kind of disruptive force . We want to be constructive , to get better politics coming out of the Westminster system . ` As long as Scotland remains part of the Westminster system , it matters to people that we get good decisions out of that system , and I want the SNP to play a positive part in improving politics at Westminster for people right across the UK . ' But Mr Cameron warned that if Labour is forced to rely on the SNP to pass laws and budgets , England , Wales and Northern Ireland will pay the price . Ms Sturgeon tried to play down the idea that the SNP would attempt to cause disruption at Westminster to further its goal of independence . Mr Cameron warned that with the SNP calling ths shots , the rest of the United Kingdom -- England , Wales , Northern Ireland , would n't get a look-in . The Prime Minister , who described himself as a ` fundamental believer in the United Kingdom ' , told Andrew Marr : ` This would be the first time on our history that a group of nationalists from one part of our country would be involved in altering the direction of the government of our country . I think that is a frightening prospect . ` People thinking in their own constituencies , is that bypass going to be built , will my hospital get the money it needs ? Frankly this is a group of people that would n't care about what happened in the rest of the country . ` The rest of the United Kingdom -- England , Wales , Northern Ireland , would n't get a look-in . ` That is the prospect we face if we do n't get the majority Conservative government that is in our reach . ' A recent TNS survey showed the SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month , with 52 per cent now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24 per cent of Scots planning to vote for Mr Miliband . Last week Labour announced plans for a freeze in rail fares , paid for by scrapping road upgrades on the A27 along the south coast and the A358 in Somerset - both in Tory and Lib Dem seats . Mr Cameron said : ` The SNP is a party that does n't want to come to Westminster to contribute to a government , it wants to come to Westminster to break up our country . ` You have to ask yourself , if you are in a voter in England , in Wales or in Northern Ireland , would these people care at all about what happens in my life or my constituency . And the answer is no . ` We have already seen Labour cancelling important infrastructure projects , in the south of England , in the South West of England , the A27 ... ` They 've said we would n't go ahead with those , they 've cancelled , they 've said we do n't care about these things because they do n't matter to us politically . ` Imagine what it would be like with SNP MPs . '