Hillary Clinton 's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in Iowa . Her Tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in LeClaire , Iowa was staged from beginning to end , according to Austin Bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs. Clinton . Bird told Daily Mail Online that campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport , a nearby city . Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour . The three got the lion 's share of Mrs. Clinton 's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a ` roundtable ' -- the first of many in her brief Iowa campaign swing . Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events . He interned with President Obama 's 2012 presidential re-election campaign , and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014 when he visited Davenport . ` What happened is , we were just asked to be there by Troy , ' Bird said Wednesday in a phone interview . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . STAGED : Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop on Tuesday -- all of whom were driven to the event by her Iowa campaign 's political director . NOT SO ORDINARY : Austin Bird is a Democratic Party insider who chauffeured Vice President Joe Biden around Davenport , Iowa in October during a pre-election campaign trip . ` We were asked to come to a meeting with Troy , the three of us , at the Village Inn . ' The other two , he confirmed , were University of Iowa College Democrats president Carter Bell and Planned Parenthood of the Heartland employee Sara Sedlacek . ` It was supposed to be a strategy meeting , ' Bird recalled , ` to get our thoughts about issues . But then all of a sudden he says , `` Hey , we have Secretary Clinton coming in , would you like to go meet her ? '' ' ` And then we got in a car -- Troy 's car -- and we went up to the coffee house , and we sat at a table and then Hillary just came up and talked with us . ' Bird said ` we all were called . ' ` I mean , Troy asked us all to do -- to go to a meeting with him . And we did n't really know what it was about . I mean , he did . He knew . ' It 's unclear how many Iowans featured in photographs with Clinton that rocketed around the country on Tuesday were planted . ` The mayor of LeClaire was there , and his wife was there , ' Bird said , recalling the scene at the coffee shop . Price was executive director of the Iowa Democratic Party until a month ago . Clinton 's team tapped him last week to be its political director in Iowa . He did not respond to a request for comment . Bird is a government and community relations coordinator at Genesis Health System in Davenport , Iowa , according to his LinkedIn profile . A coworker at Genesis said Wednesday that Bird is ` basically a lobbyist in training . That 's what he wants to do . ' Bird disagreed , saying his role was ` more public relations . ' He 's also an outspoken progressive whose Facebook wall shows he ordered a ` Hillary For President ' bumper sticker 22 months ago . ` Is it 2016 yet ? ' he wrote in May 2013 . Clinton 's nascent campaign has carefully coordinated her image as a spontaneous , handshaking populist in her first days as a candidate , posing with Pennsylvanians at a gas station and venturing into an Ohio Chipotle restaurant for lunch . When no one recognized the former first lady -- she was wearing sunglasses -- the campaign leaked information to The New York Times so its reporters could get security-camera footage to prove she had tried to mingle with voters . Scripting supposedly off-the-cuff appearances is common in presidential politics but could hurt Clinton especially hard since her gonzo road-trip journey to America 's broad midwest is designed to counter her image as cold , calculating and politically venomous . And planting party insiders in place of typical Iowans wo n't go over well in the Hawkeye State , where pressing the flesh and collecting caucus votes is a quadrennial full-contact sport . ASTROTURF : Setting up faux events for news cameras is nothing new in politics , but Iowans take presidential contests seriously and could punish Clinton for the deception . THE FIXER : Bird said Troy Prince -LRB- left , pictured with VP Joe Biden -RRB- , who was executive director of the Iowa Democratic Party until he left last month to help Clinton 's statewide political effort , recruited him and others to attend the ` spontaneous ' coffee meeting . Clinton 's campaign has already taken heat for depicting at least three people in her campaign launch video as ` everyday ' Americans who were actually partisans with political connections . One was even a former campaign manager for Wendy Davis , the Texas Democrat who mounted a failed bid for Texas governor last year . In LeClaire on Tuesday , Bloomberg and other outlets referred to Bird as a ` student ' at St. Ambrose University , not as a hospital government-affairs staffer with Democratic party street-cred . He does study at St. Ambrose -- part-time . But Bird 's ties to the party are deep enough that his Facebook wall includes a photo of him standing in front of Joe Biden 's limousine in Davenport . ` I was driving the Vice President when he was in town in October , ' Bird noted in a Facebook comment . Biden was not there on official government business , but for a campaign stop in support of Democrat Bruce Braley . ` The Vice President will attend a grassroots event for Braley for Iowa with Representative David Loebsack , ' according to White House press guidance for his October 27 , 2014 schedule .