Liverpool FC are set to take action against a fan who said that two Muslim men praying at the club 's stadium were a ` disgrace ' . Stephen Dodd caused outrage when he posted a photograph online showing solicitors Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula worshipping during half-time of a FA Cup game . Now club authorities say they will ` take appropriate action ' against the supporter , which could include banning him from matches . Fury : Stephen Dodd took this photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield last month . Dodd took a photograph of the two men during a match against Blackburn Rovers last month , with the caption : ` Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE . ' After facing a huge online backlash he continued to defend himself - saying that he had the right to criticise the men because he is a long-standing Liverpool supporter . Police investigated the incident after receiving complaints from furious web users , but have now passed on the case to the club to investigate . Liverpool FC said in a statement : ` Last month , Liverpool Football Club received complaints of a tweet showing an image of Muslim fans praying during half-time at Anfield accompanied by comments that were offensive to the complainants . ` The club reported the tweet , which was posted online on Sunday , March 8 , 2015 , to Merseyside Police . Backlash : Dodd tried to defend himself by saying that he was a long-standing fan of Liverpool . ` Merseyside Police investigated the matter and has referred this to LFC to take appropriate action against the individual involved . The club is currently in the process of determining the appropriate action to take and a further update statement will be made in due course . ` Liverpool Football Club would like to remind its supporters that it does not tolerate any form of discrimination and is committed to ensuring that the club and Anfield provides a welcoming and safe environment for all fans regardless of race , religion , gender , age , disability or sexual orientation . ' Mr Bodi , 46 , from Preston , whose eight-year-old son Ayman can also be seen in Dodd 's photo , told the Liverpool Echo : ` My little boy said at the time , `` Someone is taking a picture of us , '' and I thought maybe it was someone who had n't seen prayers before . ` I certainly did n't expect to be called a disgrace for doing it . But the support since has been very nice and I 'm thankful . ' Match : The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March . He added : ` We have a small window in which to pray , a bit like the transfer window in football . Once that closes the chance has gone . ` That day , the time came for prayer and the window would have closed before the game finished so we did it at half-time . ` Most people are absolutely fine with it and the stewards at Anfield are wonderful , but it only takes one or two people to react in the wrong way and you could have a nasty situation . ' Mr Bhula , 37 , who has known Mr Bodi since childhood , offered to meet with Dodd to explain the importance of prayers in Islam . He said : ` We 've had a lot of nice comments since and I appreciate that . We were n't harming anybody . ` Education is key to stopping things like this from happening . Maybe the man who took the photo has not come across Muslims before who have explained the significance of prayer . ` I would be quite happy to meet with him to explain why we pray and when it needs to be done . '