A bitter war of words has erupted between a young woman and a butcher in Sydney 's eastern suburbs over exactly what happened when Belinda Bartholomew , the girlfriend of Roosters star Aidan Guerra , tried to buy a chicken to cook up for a Game Of Thrones-inspired feast . According to Ms Bartholomew , she was called names and told to go to ` an Aussie butcher ' when she tried to change her chicken selection . However the butcher who was working at the shop on Monday has hit back saying Ms Bartholomew is ` lying ' and trying to ruin the business . Scroll down for video . Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner . The war of words started , Ms Bartholomew claims , when the man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a ` f *** ing c *** ' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up . There were apparently more problems when she went to use her card to pay for the choice bird . ` His eftpos machine was n't connecting so it was taking a while to process , and I felt really uncomfortable as he was clearly agitated , huffing and throwing things around , ' she said . Ms Bartholomew claims the man working at Sam The Butcher in Bondi swore at her and told her to leave , but the man working at the time said his customer was the one being rude . The chicken -LRB- pictured in front of Aidan Guerra -RRB- was cooked by Ms Bartholomew as part of a Game Of Thrones-inspired feast . ` Another woman entered the shop at this point and she ordered sausages and paid in cash , and when she asked for a receipt he clearly ignored her on purpose so she actually lent over the counter and printed her own . ' However , the butcher vehemently denies he called Ms Bartholomew names and said she was the one being rude on a day when he had been having issues with his eftpos machine . ` She 's just a troublemaker , ' the butcher told Daily Mail Australia . ` I was very slow and she started having a go at me . ' Ms Bartholomew -LRB- pictured with Mr Guerra -RRB- said the butcher told her to ` go to a f *** ing Aussie butcher ' But the man working vehemently denied any claims he swore at or abused the young woman -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He told Daily Mail Australia that he 's trying to fit into Australian life but sometimes finds it hard to cope with attitudes in Bondi . Ms Bartholomew claims the butcher then asked her ` Why do n't you just go to a f *** ing Aussie butcher ' . ` She said I 'm half Italian do n't speak to me like that , ' the butcher said . ` I said if you 're going to be rude to me just take the chicken and go . ' ` It 's a free country there 's about eight butcher shops in Bondi , ' he added . Ms Bartholomew -LRB- left -RRB- and the butcher both said she did n't end up paying for the chicken she and Mr Guerra -LRB- right -RRB- later ate . Ms Bartholomew said she had decided to leave the shop without making a purchase but the butcher then thrust the chicken at her . ` I said not to worry about it and proceeded to leave while my purchase was still pending so he swiped the 1.5 kg chicken at me and told me to `` take it and f *** off '' , ' she claims . ` I think I was just the victim of racial abuse , ' the young Bondi woman wrote in a heated Facebook post shortly afterwards . However the butcher said he simply wanted her out of the shop and did not swear at or abuse her at any stage . ` She did n't even end up paying for the chicken , she got a free chicken , ' he said . Ms Bartholomew told Daily Mail Australia ` I have never been to this particular butcher before . ' ` I 'm going to assume it was n't me who he was really angry at , however I just happened to be in there at the time . '