A Florida childrens hospital has installed a ` catcam ' to let patients play remotely with abandoned animals . Patients at Wolfson Children 's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter . The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the TV as the animals react and play with them . Scroll down for video . The toys include a long ` tail ' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button . The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys . Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them . The Idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the US , letting anyone play with cats via the system - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month . ` Play through programs like the Play with Cats project has a powerful normalizing effect on a child 's hospital stay , ' said Wolfson Children 's Hospital President Michael Aubin . Patients who are in isolation with a specific treatment or a chronic medical condition like cystic fibrosis or bone marrow transplant will be among the first to benefit . Made possible with a $ 15,000 grant from the Mattel Children 's Foundation , the Play with Cats program connects to 151 hospital rooms throughout Wolfson Children 's Hospital via GetWellNetwork . The Wolfson Children 's Hospital Auxiliary first started a Pet Therapy Program in 1995 . Two years ago , the hospital opened a pet visitation program , allowing children with long-term stays or in end-of-life situations to receive a visit from their own dog . ` This is the latest program to be implemented at Wolfson Children 's Hospital to give more of our patients a chance to interact with a kitten or cat , which provides a welcome distraction . ' said Pat Kirkland , Family Support Services Manager at Wolfson Children 's Hospital . ` About 20 percent of our patients are on isolation at some time during their stay , so we are excited to bring the healing power of an animal friend to the bedside . ' ` Our partnership with Wolfson Children 's Hospital began with JHS veterinarians providing required vet checks and vaccines that allow patients in the hospital to visit with their own dogs . ` We are proud to expand the partnership using iPet so that all patients may benefit from the healing power of animals , ' said Denise Deisler , executive director of the Jacksonville Humane Society . The system was developed by Idaho firm ReachIn . ` The idea came from the ability to move anything over the web , ' Scott Harris of the firm told MailOnline . Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them . ` We started working on the technical side of remote control , and then an engineer went home to work on arm overnight . The next day he came in , took me to one side and said he 'd been moving the arm , and his cat had started playing with it . He admitted he then had n't got any work done and spent the evening watching the cat play - so I thought we might be on to something . ' The firm contacted a local animals shelter and worked with them to build three toys . In May 2012 , the first catcam went online , and was a huge success . Users join a virtual queue , and can then control three toys and a webcam in the enclosure . The iCompanion site that visitors play with cats in rescue homes around the US virtually . Now the firm plans to expand the idea after huge interest from shelters . Users from 90 countries played within 2 weeks playing , and adoption rates went up 57 % at shelters , said Harris . The firm is now trying to work out how to fund the systems after over 300 charities got in touch wanting it . The firm is launching a kickstarter campaign to allow people to buy their own version of the system on May 1st . Users can control a variety of toys in the enclosures . ` it costs us to build these things and maintain them , and 317 shelters have requested it , so we are working with as many as we can . ' The firm hopes to develop a low cost version costing around $ 200 for shelters , but admits the r & d costs are currently too high . The user is shown a live video feed to they can see their cat reacting to the toys . Kitten cam ! Cats at a shelter in the Us play wiht the internet controlled toys .