Two mothers may have had best tax day of their lives on Wednesday after giving birth on the IRS deadline and receiving a college fund for their newborn from the state of Georgia . A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $ 1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old . The Savannah Morning News reports Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday , making him this year 's first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center . New addition : Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday , making him this year 's first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center . The donation , made by Path2College 529 Plan , is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial . This is the second year for the Tax Day baby celebration . ` How often do you wake up and find your baby has a college savings before he 's even 10 hours old ? ' Aaron Millspaugh , whose son Levi Jarrett was born at Memorial University Medical Center in Savannah early on Wednesday . ` We were 100 percent surprised , ' Millspaugh told FoxNews . ` They came in to the room around 8:30 and told us the news . We had no idea . We thought we would just have the baby and head home to start our family . ' Director of Women 's Services at Memorial Rosalind Jackson says the celebration helps put the Tax Day baby on the path to educational success . This event is also part of a statewide newborn sweepstakes where families who welcome a baby in 2015 can enter for a chance to win a $ 5,529 college savings plan . Lucky baby : The other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan , the newborn child of David Choe and his wife Jennifer . ` This is a great way to set our `` Tax Day Baby '' on the road to educational success , ' said Rosalind Jackson . ` We try to make every birth experience at Memorial a positive one and this partnership with Path2College makes it even more exciting for this special family . ' This is the second time the event was held at the Savannah hospital but it is the fifth year the gift was awarded at Northside Hospital in Atlanta . The other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan , the newborn child of David Choe and his wife Jennifer . ` It was a total surprise , ' David told FoxNews.com . ` Education has always been a top priority for our children . ' David said that he and his wife were told six hours after Jonathan 's birth that they would be getting a small college savings fund and that they were thrilled . ` This is a good head start , ' he said . ` It will definitely make us more proactive in saving for his education . ' Never too early : David said that he and his wife were told six hours after Jonathan 's birth that they would be getting a small college savings fund and that they were thrilled .