Johnathan Isaby -LRB- pictured -RRB- , chief executive of the Tax Payers ' Alliance , called the number of communications staff ` blatant hypocrisy ' Taxpayer money is being used to fund an ` army ' of spin doctors with more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK . The number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments . London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities , four times more than the entire editorial staff at the Evening Standard , the Times reported . Nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each , with Manchester City Council the worst offender for its size . It has 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas . Leeds city council comes second with 47 staff and Bristol and Sheffield city come joint third . They both employ 43 . Glasgow city council and the Kirklees metropolitan borough council in Yorkshire each employed 40 PR officers and individuals in similar fields . The figures were unveiled in a Freedom of Information Act request by Press Gazette to 435 city , district and borough councils to which 405 replied with information about their communications staff . The figures were unveiled in a Freedom of Information Act request by Press Gazette to 435 city , district and borough councils to which 405 replied with information about their communications staff . Press Gazette made a similar request to central government over its PR staff during another investigation last year . Figures revealed that the Home Office had 275 full-time positions in marketing , press relations and similar areas . Manchester City Council -LRB- pictured -RRB- was the worst offender for its size . It had 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas . The Cabinet Office had 205 PR staff and the Department for Work and Pensions had 184 . Johnathan Isaby , the chief executive of the Tax Payers ' Alliance was quoted as saying it was ` blatant hypocrisy ' for councils to comment so often on the need for necessary saving while keeping on so many staff for communications . He added that the next central government needed to crack down on the ` army of propagandists ' funded by the taxpayer . He said those footing the bill expected their money to go to front line services not spin doctors .