Hillary Clinton is laughing in the face of the accepted retirement age - currently 65 both in the UK and the US - by aiming to become the leader of the Free World just months before her 70th birthday . If the former U.S. Secretary of State reaches her goal and is sworn in as the 44th President of the United States in January 2017 , then she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind Ronald Reagan , ever to open the doors to the White House . Clinton certainly seems to be relishing the life experience that her advancing years have given her . Age is nothing but a number : Hillary Clinton who has launched her campaign to be US president -LRB- pictured above , speaking at the Women in the World Conference on April 23 -RRB- will be 69 when she takes office if successful . Celebrating her advancing years : A black-and-white photograph showing Hillary as a toddler just after the end of the Second World War has been posted on her Twitter feed . A black-and-white image posted on her Twitter account this weekend showed a very young Clinton pointing at the camera , accompanied by the phrase ` Hillary 's counting on you ' , echoing Lord Kitchener 's famous First World War slogan : ` Your country needs you ' . It appears the presidential candidate is very much celebrating her age : the image itself would have been shot while Clinton was a toddler just after the end of the Second World War . Elsewhere , Clinton 's newfound Grandmother status - her daughter Chelsea gave birth to a daughter , Charlotte , with husband Marc Mezvinsky in September last year - has seen her able to relate to a whole new section of the voting public . Doting ... but could Hillary 's recent status as a grandmother be a powerful tool in her bid to win votes ? Last week , the politician , currently 67 , posted the hashtag #GrandmothersKnowBest to her Twitter feed . The hashtag #GrandmothersKnowBest used on Hillary 's Twitter page has attracted other grandmothers to post their own posts using it . In a recent Twitter posting promoting vaccines for children , Clinton ended the appeal with the hashtag #GrandmothersKnowBest , which has since seen a stream of grannies from across the globe tweeting their own posts using the hashtag . Clinton is by no means the only high-profile woman refusing to change gear as she gets older ; there are a raft of successful female figures continuing to put their foot on the gas and power their way into the last quarter of their lives . Below , we 've outlined some of the world 's most influential women whose careers - in everything from fashion to politics - are still flying high after retirement age . ANNA WINTOUR . AGE : 65 . The biggest name in the fashion industry , Anna Wintour has managed to fly high well into her seventh decade despite working in what is regularly deemed the most superficial of industries . Although her Vogue U.S. Editorship has looked a little wobbly over the decades , as the names of new , younger faces have been mooted as possible replacements , Wintour is still very much at the top of the fashion tree . The most powerful woman in fashion : Vogue US Editor Anna Wintour , pictured here between David Beckham -LRB- left with daughter Harper -RRB- and James Corden -LRB- right -RRB- in LA on April 16 remains ever influential . Said to be the muse for hit film The Devil Wears Prada , mother-of-two Wintour can be assured of a front row seat at whichever catwalk show she chooses . Celebrity fans include the Beckhams , Roger Federer -LRB- the feeling is very much mutual -RRB- and Kate Moss . Two years ago , she was named artistic director for the entire Condé Nast publishing empire . DAME JUDI DENCH . AGE : 80 . Long established as a national treasure , Dame Judi Dench will turn 81 in December this year . With a gilded career that stretches six decades behind her , Dench has been vocal about her dislike of the ageing process , saying to U.S. magazine People : ` There 's nothing good about being my age . ' She continued : ` Someone said to me , `` You have such a wealth of knowledge , '' and I just said `` I 'd rather be young and know nothing , actually . '' Bugger the wealth of knowledge . ' Despite failing sight which has left her unable to travel alone , the actress is showing no signs of retiring ; her latest film The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel has just been released in America . Life begins at 80 ? Famous octogenarians Judi Dench -LRB- left -RRB- and baking star Mary Berry -LRB- right -RRB- have both seen their careers prosper in the twilight of their lives . MARY BERRY . AGE : 80 . Perhaps the key to the longevity of one of the country 's most famous bakers is her energy . Slim , sharp and sprightly , Mary Berry has seen her career flourish through the generations with the BBC 's Great British Bake Off programme taking her profile to new levels . Born in 1935 , Berry has seen every food trend come and go but continues to stay current ; with a knack for gently advising younger contestants on the show how best to improve their cakes without leaving them too dejected . Her colourful wardrobe has been copied by women much younger than her 80 years and 181,000 people adore her on Facebook . With spin-off shows planned including Junior Bake Off and regular television and radio appearances , plus a new book , Berry is busier than ever . DIANE VON FURSTENBERG . AGE : 68 . The Belgian-born designer behind the iconic wrap dress currently has 85 shops worldwide and has held the position of president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America -LRB- CFDA -RRB- since 2006 . A supporter of Hillary Clinton 's 2016 campaign , Von Furstenberg has spoken about her own views on women in the workplace , saying : ` I never really felt the glass ceiling in fashion ; I always felt my being a woman as a strength and as a gift . ' The mother and grandmother continues to hold the United Nations DVF awards , which celebrates the achievements of women and said in her 2014 memoir , The Woman I Wanted to be : ` I can not pretend that I am younger than I am , and truly I feel that I have lived so fully that I should be twice my age . ' Fashion designer Diane Von Furstenberg , 68 -LRB- left -RRB- , has been open about her age , saying ` I feel that I have lived so fully that I should be twice my age ' while Miuccia Prada , 65 , who owns the famous Italian Prada label , has spoken of her desire to get into politics ... MIUCCIA PRADA . AGE : 65 . When you run a global fashion empire , you need n't worry about collecting your pension but Miuccia Prada 's career continues to accelerate . Named the world 's 75th most powerful woman in 2014 by Forbes , Prada the brand is worth an estimated $ 11.1 billion and Miuccia remains one of the highest-paid women in the industry . Joining the family leather handbag business in 1978 , she quickly took control and oversaw the brand as it became a global fashion player in the late eighties . She has described the fast-paced fashion industry as like working ` on waves which break really quickly . ' Although the Italian designer has n't been officially involved in politics , it is a passion that she could yet develop . She said in 2011 : ` Politics have always been a little of my passion . And now I -LSB- could -RSB- use my work as a tool to do things other than fashion . ' AUNG SAN SUU KYI . AGE : 69 . Nobel peace prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi became famous the world over for her 21-year incarceration in Burma . When her house arrest ended in November 2010 , she went on to stand for parliament in the country , winning a landslide victory . Inspiring : Hillary and former Burmese political prisoner Aung San Suu Kyi , 69 , have both been prolific in their respective political arenas and show no signs of slowing as they approach their eighth decade . In June 2013 , the former political prisoner announced that her political desires still burned strongly and that she wanted to run for the Myanmar presidency in 2015 . Without the approval of at least one military legislator , it is , however , likely to remain just an ambition . MARGARET CHAN . AGE : 67 . By the time Dr Margaret Chan steps down from her role as Director General of the World Health Organisation in 2017 , she will have served ten years in one of the most influential positions in health . Originally from China , Dr Chan was appointed Director of Health of Hong Kong before being elevated to the top position for the WHO in 2006 . Dr Chan has had to manage responses to global panics such as SARS , bird flu and Ebola . Forbes lists her as the 30th most powerful woman in the world . Leading the way in the world of health : In the UK Professor Dame Sally Davies , 65 , -LRB- left -RRB- is the Chief Medical Officer while -LRB- right -RRB- Margaret Chan , 67 , has been in charge of the World Health Organisation since 2006 . SALLY DAVIES . AGE : 65 . Birmingham-born Professor Dame Sally Davies is the UK 's Chief Medical Officer and can be seen advising the government on everything from three-parent families to the ebola crisis and obesity . A haematologist by trade , she was charged with developing the National Institute for Health Research in 2006 , with a £ 1billion budget . The secret to keeping on top of such a stressful job ? Not reaching for the bottle . Dame Sally told the Times in 2014 : ` Even if it 's 7 or 8 pm , I do n't go for the glass of alcohol , I go for a cup of tea and that solves my need for something to drink to unwind . ' NANCY PELOSI . AGE : 75 . Currently the highest ranking female politician in U.S. history , Democrat Nancy Pelosi served as the 60th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 2007 to 2011 . Nancy Pelosi , 75 , remains the highest ranking female politician in American history . The Italian-American has just turned 75 and is the current minority leader of the House of Representatives . Her Twitter profile , for which she has nearly 600,000 followers , describes her as : ` Democratic Leader , focused on strengthening America 's middle class and creating jobs ; mother , grandmother , dark chocolate connoisseur . ' Pelosi posts daily on the social media site . DILMA ROUSSEFF . AGE : 67 . The 36th president of Brazil , Dilma Rousseff , knows very much how Hillary Clinton might be feeling at the start of her election campaign . Rousseff is the South American country 's first female president . Political big hitter Dilma Rousseff , 67 , became the first female president of Brazil in 2010 . Now in her second term , Rousseff was originally elected in 2010 and re-elected in 2014 , narrowly beating her nearest rival Aécio Neves . The daughter of a Bulgarian immigrant may have broken the glass ceiling that Clinton has famously referred to but her popularity is n't assured ; a corruption scandal at Petrobras , the state-run oil company , has seen activist groups calling for her to be impeached .