It is a hill start to give even the most confident learner driver nightmares . The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan -- the third largest of its kind in the world -- rises sharply so ships can pass underneath . The concrete road bridge spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi , linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato . Scroll down for video . The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan -- the third largest of its kind in the world -- rises sharply so ships can pass underneath . The concrete road bridge , pictured , spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi , linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato . The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7 km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres making it the largest rigid frame bridge in Japan and the third largest in the world . It 's incredible slope , which has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on the Shimane Prefecture side and 5.1 per cent on the Tottori Prefecture side gives it a rollercoaster-like appearance . The unusual steep bridge was recently featured in a commercial for Daihatsu Motor Co. 's Tanto minivan to test the vehicle 's durability . 1 . Sidhue River Bridge -- China . At an incredible 460m -LRB- 1509ft -RRB- , it is the highest bridge in the world . Suspended across the Sidhue River in the Badong County of the Hubei Province , in stretches more than 1,300 m to connect Shanghai and Chendo . The bridge makes up part of a dangerous mountain path known as highway Huyu G50 . 2 . Millau Viaduct - France . When it was opened in 2004 , this was the world 's tallest vehicular bridge and it is still taller than the Eiffel Tower at its highest point . The cable-stayed bridge , which spans across the Tarn River Valley in southern France , remains in the world 's top twenty highest at 270m above the valley floor . The tallest concrete pylon on the Millau Viaduct is 800ft on its own - higher than most buildings . 3 . Monkey Bridges -- Vietnam . Made of one single bamboo log for your feet , and another as a rather unsteady handrail , this bridge us named from the stooped ` monkey-like ' posture people must adapt when crossing to try and avoid falling into the river below . 4 . Royal Gorge Bridge - Colorado , US . America 's highest suspension bridge can look down nearly 90 stories at the Arkansas River in the Royal Gorge below . At 295m -LRB- 969 ft tall -RRB- and 384m -LRB- 1,260 ft -RRB- long , it was first built in 1929 , but it did not get stabilizing wind cables until 1982 meaning it would have swung dangerously in a high gust . 5 . Trift Suspension Bridge - Switzerland . Suspended across the Alps , this bridge has some of the most stunning views in the world . Built at 100m -LRB- 328ft -RRB- high and 170m -LRB- 558ft -RRB- long , Trift was built in 2004 and became one of the mountain range 's longest and highest pedestrian suspension bridges . It was supposed to connect hikers to a hut made inaccessible by a retreating glacier but it was known to swing wildly when windy and was only allowed to be crossed in summer months in clear weather . Higher handrails and stabilizing cables were installed in 2009 but the bridge is still known to move in bad weather .