Sushi is a love-hate thing as a new video demonstrates . Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . He stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces . ' Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick ' . Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ` disgust ' . ` It makes me want to vomit , ' he exclaims later on . Caught on camera : Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . - he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces ' Food fail : Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick ' After Sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister Charlie confidently steps up to the mark . Without deliberation the toddler stuffs the roll into her mouth using her hands to cram it in . ` Do n't jump around , I do n't want you to choke , ' Charlie 's father says as he watches her struggling to chew the large morsel . Eventually she manages to swallow the rice ball down . Pass that here : After Sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister Charlie confidently steps up to the mark . Quite a mouthful : ` Do n't jump around , I do n't want you to choke , ' Charlie 's father says as he watches her struggling to chew the large morsel . Winner : With $ 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five . With $ 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five . ` You just got shown up by your little sister , ' Levi says to his son . To date the ` sushi challenge ' video has been watched more than 100,000 times . Many viewers have deemed the childrens ' reactions as ` cute ' and ` adorable ' . Some have also sympathized with Sam 's hatred of the Japanese delicacy . ` I understand him perfectly , I hate sushi , too , ' one commenter wrote .