By the time Andy Murray ties the knot next Saturday he will hopefully have forgotten the utter frustration at becoming Novak Djokovic 's Easter bunny . The 27-year-old Scot has lost his last seven matches to the Serb , this one the Miami Open final 7-6 4-6 6-0 on a brutally punishing afternoon , suffering the undeserving ignominy of conceding another love set against his old rival . He pushed him hard and had enough early chances to have won it in straight sets . In fact Murray pushed Djokovic so hard that , at the end of the second set , the furious Serb wrenched his towel off a startled ballkid and screamed at his box on his way to the chair , gaining a warning as his mask of statesmanship slipped . Novak Djokovic raises his arms aloft after claiming victory over Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open . Djokovic poses with the Butch Buchholz trophy on the beach at Key Biscayne after his Miami Open win . The Serb gives the thumbs up as he shows off the glass trophy on the beach in Miami . The Serbian world No 1 jumps for joy as he celebrates his success over Andy Murray in the final . Djokovic kisses his fifth Miami Open winner 's trophy after an emphatic finish to the match on Sunday . A deflated Murray holds his runners-up trophy alongside Djokovic after the pair battle the heat of Florida . A fired-up Djokovic battled to a three-set victory over Murray for his fifth Miami Open winner 's trophy . Djokovic snatches his towel from a ball boy at the end of the second set , claimed by Murray . The Serbian yells after Murray broke his serve to claim the second set and take the match to a decider . Murray has had a good enough week to walk down the aisle with Kim Sears having got back to world No 3 , but it is now ten out of eleven defeats against the world No 1 . How to seize the moment against this phenomenal competitor is a hugely pressing issue for him and everyone else . As for Djokovic , he will now be holding that distinction for the 141st week of his career on Monday , putting him on sixth equal in the all-time list with Rafael Nadal . In some ways this was a truncated version of their Australian Open final . A forlorn Murray reflected afterwards : ` Game wise , I feel like in the couple of the matches we played this year I 've been able to hang with him , but just not quite for long enough unfortunately . Murray celebrates his first break of Djokovic 's serve in the opening set at Crandon Park Tennis Center . World No 1 Djokovic powers a forehand back at the Scotsman during their clash in Key Biscayne , Florida . Murray plays a slice backhand during a tight first set that included four breaks of serve before the tie-break . Murray takes a moment in the shade as the Miami sun beams down on the finalists . Djokovic -LRB- left -RRB- and Murray launch into a forehand and backhand respectively as they battle it out in Miami . ` I need to try to work out why that is . I played well for two sets and was struggling physically in the third . I do n't feel like I can do loads more than what I 'm doing to get myself in the best condition possible , I do push myself very hard . ' The first set was notable for Murray 's early aggression that brought him a break in the third game and should have seen him open up a 3-1 lead . But it transpired that it was desperately difficult playing into the fierce lunchtime sun . Nobody actually held at the city end of the court until the eleventh game when the Serb managed it . Murray forced the tiebreak but , beginning on the more difficult side , could not recover from 0-4 down as he hit several forehands long . Djokovic dives desperately at the net as the first set goes the distance in the blazing heat . Murray shows his frustration as his two breaks in the first set are immediately countered by the Serbian . Both stars struggled serving into the sun with all four breaks in the first set coming from the same end . Djokovic had been starting to blow hard -- rather like he did in Australia -- and just like in Melbourne it all proved to be irrelevant as he took it 7-3 . Gauging how the 27 year-old Serb is feeling is an extremely inexact science , and you could only speculate as a brutally punishing second set unfolded in more level fashion than the break-filled opener . Murray became more and more agitated as he failed to gain the breakthrough but held on until 5-4 when Djokovic dissolved into a ball of Balkan anger . Murray broke him to love and the Serb angrily snatched his towel off the ballboy , apologising later : ' I 'm sorry , because I did n't pay attention to the ball boy and I just screamed at my box , ' he said . The sun-soaked scene in Miami as a pair of US Coast Guard helicopters fly over the Stadium Court . Andy Murray 's fiancee Kim Sears -LRB- left -RRB- and Novak 's wife Jelena Djokovic take shade under big hats in Florida . Murray 's coach Amelie Mauresmo cheers on the British No 1 in front of his soon-to-be wife Sears . Murray remonstrates with himself as he shows some emotion in front of his second home crowd . Murray jumps for joy as he claims the second set but he is n't able to keep the pep in his step in the third . Florida-based Australian golf legend Greg Norman takes in the Miami Open final with his wife Kirsten Kutner . Djokovic wipes away the sweat shows his frustration as he falters in the second set in Key Biscayne . There was also a volley of abuse , Murray style , towards Boris Becker and his support team up in the box , but it only seemed to galvanise Djokovic . Murray had to hold at the start of the decider to set him on his way to what would have been a massive victory in the context of his season , the first time he had won a Masters level event since his Wimbledon triumph of 2013 . The first three games of the decider were long and hard before -- helped by some wonky Murray overheads -- Djokovic just cracked his opponent 's body and spirit .