Sam Bennett has revealed the extent of the shocking injuries he sustained after the Bora-Argon 18 cyclist was involved in 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic . The 24-year was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday and , although he escaped without any long-lasting injury , Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders . The former NetApp-Endura racer , who was in contention to improve on his fifth-place finish in 2014 , took to Instagram after the race to upload pictures from his hospital bed . Sam Bennett reveals his injuries to his shoulder and back after crashing at the Scheldeprijs one day Classic . The 24-year-old Bora-Argon 18 rider was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the race . Bennett grimaces as he lays in pain after coming off his bike at the race in Belgium on Monday . ` He is okay , but in pain , ' said his Bora-Argon18 team director . ` He fell on his head and he has whiplash . ` Even though we are confident that he 'll be released shortly , we did n't want to risk anything . That 's why we decided that Sam spends the night in the hospital . ' Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash , but team-mate Elia Viviani collided with a barrier and was taken to hospital for x-rays complaining of pain in his arm . Team Sky 's sports director , Servais Knaven , said : ` Elia had a lot of pain in his arm and ribs , but that 's all we know at the moment . The large group of riders that fell slowly make their way back to their feet after the huge crash . Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins was riding in the race but managed to avoid the pile-up . French rider Maxime Daniel of AG2R La Mondiale receives medical treatment after the crash . ` It was fortunate that none of our other riders were involved.It was a nasty crash and everything had been going well for us before it . ' After avoiding the crash Norway 's Alexander Kristoff of Katusha sprinted to the finish to claim his third win in the last week following victories in the Tour of Flanders on Sunday and the Three Days of De Panne . ` My team put me in the ideal conditions and with my current form all I needed to do was finish off this work , ' Kristoff said after the victory . Alexander Kristoff of Katusha sprays champagne after winning the Scheldeprijs one-day Classic . Norwegian Kristoff sprints to the finish line after a small group of riders managed to avoid the crash .