The picture of a 101-year-old Arizona woman cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph and captured the hearts of millions . Posted to Facebook two weeks ago , the loving image of Rosa Camfield and baby Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that Rosa had sadly passed away on Monday . But behind every picture is a story and Rosa 's is every bit as inspirational as the photograph that captivated the Internet . Speaking to Daily Mail Online , Rosa 's granddaughter , Sarah Hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era , to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s . ` Grandma was always happy , I mean , she was smart as a whip , even at 101 , ' said Hamm . ` She was funny and had lots of stories . ' Scroll down for video . Four generations of the same family : Rosa Camfield was born in June of 1913 and died Monday . Since this picture appeared on the popular Facebook page Life of Dad , she received millions of likes and comments from around the world . Hamm originally posted the photo a week before her grandmother 's death after taking her daughter , then 2-week-old Kaylee , to meet her great-grandmother Rosa for the first time . Rosa had three children , five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren . ` It was actually the day she was being released in the hospital , so we were hoping that Grandma would get to meet her , ' Hamm said . Soon after she snapped the photo , it ended up on Life of Dad where it became a massive hit . ` When I posted it I thought a few of our fans would feel connected to it as I did . Then , within an hour , it was clear that I had underestimated the impact it would have with people as it was shared and liked hundreds of times per minute , ' said Life of Dad founder Patrick Quinn . As of Wednesday afternoon , the photo had received over 2.5 million likes and nearly 78,000 shares . ` I think its really sweet , ' Hamm told ABC . ` My grandma would 've loved this . ' Like the few who make it to live past 100 , Rosa Camfield had a lifetime worth of stories that her children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren remember well . As a young woman : Rosa Camfield pictured above on her graduation from high school in 1931 . Rosa 's youngest daughter Lynn Vine , says her mother was born on a fruit farm in Michigan in 1913 . Rosa 's family appears to have been relatively well off before and during the Great Depression . Her father was the first one in their town to have both a radio and a car , using it to bring locals to their home for nightly entertainment . ` Grandpa was the one who liked to have new things and he was quite progressive so they always had the first of everything , ' Vine remembers . Vine says her mother lived in a time when kids still attended school in a one-room schoolhouse where children of all ages were taught by the same teacher . ` One year she was the only kindergartener the class , ' Vine said . While Rosa wanted to go to college after school , her dad advised her not to . ` Her dad did n't want her to go to college , ' Vine says . ` He said , `` You do n't need to . We have plenty of money . '' ' Rosa went on to marry her first of three husbands in the mid-1930s , a man named Rubin with whom she had all of her three children . Rosa pictured above with her three children , who she had with her first husband . From left to right : Lee Miles , Rosa Camfield , Raymond Wheaton and Lynn Vine . Rosa is pictured on her 98th birthday three years ago , surrounded by her children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren . Rosa and her 5-year-old great-granddaughter Mackenzie snuggle on her bed last month . Rosa Camfield started off as a farm girl , stayed at home to raise her three children and eventually got her teaching degree to work with 8th graders . While the couple were married , World War II broke out and the couple helped out by spotting planes . Unfortunately the marriage did n't last , and the couple divorced after about 15 years . It was after her divorce that Rosa decided to go back to college - while raising her three children in her 40s - and get her degree in teaching . She taught 8th Grade at Ludington Public Schools for most of her career - and one year her daughter Vine had her as a teacher . Rosa married twice more . Her second husband , Mert , died in the mid-1980s and she married for a third time , to her childhood best friend , Lennis Camfield , a few years later . Rosa and Lennis grew up next door neighbors and they would walk the same half-mile route to school everyday . Vine says her mother would always talk about walking to school in the winter , when she followed behind 7-years-old older Lennis to escape the snow since the road was n't plowed . Vine says it was obvious that Lennis was the love of her mother 's life - despite the fact the two married in their 80s and only had a small amount of time together -LRB- Mr Camfield died in 1996 -RRB- . ` She was really heartbroken when he died ... I know she wished she had longer time with him , ' Vine said . Recently , Rosa had been living with one of her daughters . In November she was diagnosed with breast cancer , but remained active even in her final days - continuing to crochet and knit until about two weeks ago . ` Her opinion was if you 're bummed out or whatever - get over it , ' Vine remembers of her mother . ` Put a smile on your face , and things will be better the next day . ' After Hamm posted the photo online , hundreds of people shared similar pictures . This image shows Ohio mom Amanda Garber 's son , Samuel , with his great-great-grandmother , Helen Willaman - a 101-year difference . According to this submission from Pennsylvania , the age difference here is 93 years . One image shows Ohio mom Amanda Garber 's son , Samuel , with his great-great-grandmother , Helen Willaman . ` My son and grandma are almost 101 years apart . I feel extremely blessed to have her in our lives , ' Ms Garber told Today . ` I love to hear the stories of when she was a little girl , or when she had a baby and how different it was back then . ' Meanwhile Washington-based mom Breean Ferreira shared an image of her 113-year-old great grandmother and her one-year-old son - a family with five living generations . Grandmother Laura Kayizzi posted a photo of her own grandmother , who was born in 1915 and passed away this winter . Ms Kayizzi 's image shows her daughter 's son being held by his great-great-grandmother , revealing that ` her advice to my daughter about being a mom was , `` Love them as much as you can . They grow up fast . '' ' Candice Joynt , from Colorado , posted this image with the caption : ' 101 years , 4 months and 12 days apart ' Jennifer Browder Goodman from South Carolina submitted this image of her grandmother holding her daughter for the first time ` She will be 95 in August ! ' she wrote . Australian mom Leanne Young posted this image of a 102-year difference between a great-great-grandfather and his great-great-grandson .