Bio security measures are being stepped up at Brisbane International Airport after mosquitoes that could potentially infect Australians with debilitating diseases were found on three separate occasions . Planes coming from South-East Asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed after finding the exotic mosquito Aedes aegypti , which is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland . The mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue , chikunguya and yellow fever . Aedes aegypti , known for its black and white stripes , can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya . The blood suckers , who are known for their black and white stripped legs , were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17 , March 30 and again on March 31 . Federal Minister for Agricultural Barnaby Joyce said there will be other measures to control the flying critters alongside fumigation , which include knockdown fogging , surface spraying , and treatment of standing water . Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes had n't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport . Mr Joyce noted that tests were being carried out to narrow down exactly where the exotic insect came from . The blood suckers were discovered in the international terminal baggage on February 17 , March 30 and again on March 31 . `` This will allow us to better target our efforts to make sure none of these mosquitoes enter and establish in Australia -- which could have a devastating impact on our human and animal health . ' In February , authorities were forced to step up bio security at Perth , Adelaide and Brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds . `` There have been no further detections in Perth , Adelaide or Melbourne since the new measures were rolled out . This is a good result and it shows the flexibility of our risk-based bio security system -- when risk increases so does our level of intervention , '' Minister Joyce said . Exotic mosquitoes are a serious health concern for authorities because they are the primary transmitter of diseases like dengue . In February authorities were forced to step up bio security at Perth , Adelaide and Brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds . Dengue fever can cause severe flu-like illnesses such as a fever , headaches , pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pains , nausea , swollen glands or a rash . The virus is transmitted to humans when an infected female gives you a bite . The World Health Organisation -LRB- WHO -RRB- reported that before 1970 , only 9 countries had experienced severe dengue epidemics . Currently , the disease is prolific in more than 100 countries including Africa , the Americas , South-east Asia and the Western Pacific . While vaccinations are being developed there is no surefire way to stop people contracting the disease if mozzies in the area have been infected . Dengue fever can cause severe flu-like illnesses such as a fever , headaches , pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pains , nausea , swollen glands or a rash . Chikunguya can also cause a terrible rash , swelling , muscle pain , headache , fatigue , nausea or vomiting . While dengue is n't generally deadly WHO said it can cause deadly complications like fluid accumulation , respiratory distress , severe bleeding or organ impairment , which present with symptoms such as severe abdominal pain , persistent vomiting , rapid breathing and bleeding gums . Sixty-seven people in Queensland 's southeast contracted dengue fever this year however all cases were contracted while overseas . Sixty-seven people in Queensland 's southeast contracted dengue fever this year however all cases were contracted while overseas .