Animal abuse : Former animal shelter worker Catherine Lynn Smith , 50 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home , which had been auctioned off . Police came across a sickening scene in Macon , Georgia this week when they searched the home of a former animal shelter worker . Christine Lynn Smith was arrested on Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home littered with over 1,000 empty beer cans . The 50-year-old 's home on North Pine Knoll Drive was recently auctioned off , and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway and called police . Deputies had to completely air out the home , which stenched of ammonia , before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats - most in crates . ` A foul odor came from the home and I observed multiple beer boxes and empty beer cans -LRB- best estimate approximately 1,000 -RRB- , ' Deputy Paul Schoenbeck described in his incident report . ` The odor and ammonia fumes in the home caused me to have to leave the residence to catch my breath and regain balance as I was becoming light headed , ' he added . Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal Welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for months . The animals ' bodies were apparently so decayed that it was impossible to conduct a necropsy to see how they died . It was also revealed that the 50-year-old had worked at the shelter for two months in 2012 , but had been fired within her six-month probationary period for reasons not disclosed . Smith claimed she quit the job , according to a man who knew Smith from the local bar scene and spoke with WGXA . Robert Wilson says he was surprised to hear about her arrest . Scroll down for video . House of horror : Above , Smith 's former home in Macon , Georgia . Despite the fact that it had been auctioned off to a new owner , Smith continued to live at the house . Police had to air out the home Tuesday due to the stench of ammonia . Locked up : Smith was arrested a Macon bar and appeared in court for the first time on Wednesday , where she was arraigned on 13 counts of animal cruelty . Many of the animals found dead in her home were still in cages . ` What I think happened is , she used to take in a lot of strays from what she told me and she was also having financial difficulties for a while and probably still was , and she was just trying to do the best she could but unfortunately it just turned out that way , ' Wilson said . The center 's assistant interim director said that none of the animals found in Smith 's home were taken from the animal center . Neighbor William Hopkins was outside the house when police started removing the bodies . ` They were carrying out cages containing what look like , old dried out leather , ' Hopkins told 41 NBC . ` Then the stench hit me and it 's like yep , they 're dead all of them . Smith appears to have still been living in the home since one of the rooms was cleaner than the rest . A witness also told police that she had seen Smith at the house two days prior . The witness ` stated that she knew she was an animal lover and that she worked with rescues , ' according to the incident report . Police located Smith Tuesday evening at a bar in Macon , 20 's Pub and Subs , and charged her with 13 counts of animal cruelty . Smith appeared in court for the first time on Wednesday , when she was ordered held on $ 74,000 bond , not to take any more animals into her care or carry any weapons . When the judge asked Smith if she understood she ca n't adopt any more pets , she said : ` I do n't have any . ' Smith 's bond was lowered to $ 15,600 later that afternoon and she posted bail that evening .