Every country in the world may have its rich kids of Instagram , but in Mexico the increasingly ostentatious displays of wealth by the young elite is taking on a political dimension . In a country where a significant majority of citizens live in poverty , the self-styled Mirreyes -LRB- my kings -RRB- , with their champagne and sports cars , are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands . Mirreyes , which refers to individuals who enjoy ` ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' and are ` placed above all others ' , post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name . Scroll down for video . Ballers and shotcallers : Mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of the members of Mexican high society . Laying out and living it up : Many of the photos posted by Mirreyes showcase luxurious vacation spots . It 's just one big fiesta : A glance through the social media profile of a Mirrey often reveals a party picture . Bling : Good clothes , nice watches and a flashy style are almost prerequisites for becoming one of the Mirreyes . Ready for takeoff : An expert on the subject of Mirreyes said ` the key is the purchasing power the Mirrey boasts ' Three for the money : Mirreyes ' displays of wealth can lead to political and legal advantages down the road . They are often the sons and daughters of government officials , wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society and although their displays of wealth can be embarrassing , they can also lead to political and legal advantages , Maclean 's reported . One such individual , the eldest son of then-Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar , jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil during the 2014 World Cup and vanished without a trace , . Before he jumped off the ship 's 15th floor and disappeared beneath the waves , 29-year-old Jorge Alberto L贸pez Amores told his friends to take cellphone videos of his leap . He said : ` I 'll stop this cruise , I 'll make history . ' L贸pez got his wish as the boat stopped for two hours to search for him , according to Vivelo Hoy . His story is not the only example of the celebration of excess gone wrong . In 2012 , the daughter of oil workers ' union boss Carlos Romero Deschamps was brought into the spotlight for posting photos of her luxury lifestyle , including Gucci bags and expensive wine , on Facebook . Her flashy pictures did not sit well in a country where people work an average of 2 226 hours a year and households take in an average of $ 12,850 per year after taxes . Their stories are just examples of what the author of a book about Mirreyes called the Mexican ` Generation Me ' . Keeping time : People often post pictures of watches and other luxuries like designer bags and or alcohol . Rought : In Mexico , the images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $ 12,850 per year . Symbol : Jorge Alberto L贸pez Amores -LRB- right -RRB- , who likely died after jumping off a boat , is an example of a Mirrey . Purchasing power : Mirreyes might not even think twice about spending hundreds of dollars on a stuffed bear . Selfie star : L贸pez , the son of then-Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar , jumped off a yacht in 2014 . No need to pimp my ride : Mirreyes obtain cash from sources like inheritance , theft , corruption or the lottery . Kiss the bling : Many of the photos posted by Mirreyes will either have a shiny watch , fancy champagne , or both . The author of Mirreynato , the Other Inequality , Ricardo Raphael , wrote in his book : ` The economic wealth Mirreyes use is the main marker of class . ` No matter where the money comes - work , inheritance , theft , corruption or lottery - the key is the purchasing power the Mirrey boasts ' . By identifying themselves as Mirreyes on social media , these seemingly spoiled brats are possibly creating connections which could be important for business and politics in the future because money attracts powerful friends . They are certainly being noticed . In 2011 , a a website called Mirrreybook was created by Pepe Ceballos . He began posting photos of mMirreyes on the site and it quickly became popular . Ceballos said : ` Mirreyes , who do n't have anything to do with narcos -LSB- narcotics traffickers -RSB- , seem like they 're competing with them to see who has more . ` We 've suddenly seen it in the kind of fashion or the bling-bling . There 's more influence from the narcos . ' In a recent source of embarrassment , Mirreyes were also featured in a controversial video that showcased the class of 2015 from private school Instituto Cumbres in Mexico City . In the professionally-produced video , well-dressed male students were shown drinking alcohol while carrying out a casting call with young women who dance , strip and wash their feet . Popping bottles : Mirreyes are individuals who enjoy ` ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' The flash and the not-so-furious : Members of this select group seem to have few reasons to be upset with life . Up in smoke : Some Mirreyes post photos implying they have something in common with narcotics traffickers . Look at me : The selfie has become somewhat of a status symbol and Mirreyes frequently use them to show off . Future endeavors : By identifying themselves on social media , Mirreyes are possibly creating good connections . The all-male Catholic school was accused of sexism and promoting privilege after the video began to spread across the internet , according to the National Catholic Reporter . The school issued an apology late last month . It said : ` The Cumbres Institute Mexico asks for an apology for the content of the video that offended various persons , who have expressed anger . ` This video in no way represents the values and principles of the school , students , families and graduates . `` The necessary measures are being taken with the students involved and to establish rules so that it does not occur again . ' Permanent vacation It seems Mirreyes travel frequently to foreign destinations judging by the photos they post . Power : Mirreyes could be important for business and politics in the future because cash attracts friends . Ouch : Pics of Mirreyes relaxing do n't sit well in a country where people work an average of 2 226 hours a year .