A drugs charity has called on footballer Raheem Sterling to apologise to fans after he was filmed apparently inhaling legal high ` hippy crack ' . Footage emerged today which appears to show the Liverpool and England winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on . Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the ` role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . Footballer Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ` hippy crack ' The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out . The anti-drugs organisation 's spokesman , Stephen Ream , told MailOnline : ` It 's very disappointing from our point of view . He is a big role model and we hate to see this kind of stuff from someone of his status . ` Players in similar situations in the past have come out and apologised and we hope he does the same . ` Nitrous Oxide is not the most dangerous drug out there but there are deaths attached to it . There are risks and we would urge anyone tempted to take it not to do so . ' Sterling 's boyhood coach , Paul Lawrence , told the Evening Standard : ` He has got to be a lot more careful with what he is doing out in public ... Maybe he has got to sit down and think he is a role model and in the public eye . ' The video emerged just days after the England regular , 20 , was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe said to be as strong as 200 cigarettes . In footage obtained by The Sun , Sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling . When the camera pans back to him , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . It is claimed that the video was taken at his home in Southport . Sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug . Tottenham 's Kyle Walker and West Bromwich Albion 's Saido Berahino have also appeared inhaling gas from balloons . Both later apologised for their actions and discouraged fans from using the drug . Drugs experts have warned revellers against inhaling nitrous oxide from balloons because it starves the brain of oxygen . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has issued a warning to the forward , who scored in Liverpool 's 2-0 win over Newcastle last night . It comes amid rumours the star is unsettled at Liverpool and recently turned down a £ 100,000-a-week deal . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers -LRB- right -RRB- has said he 'll talk to the star . Rodgers said : ` For me it is something that when you are a professional sportsperson at the top level of the game , I do n't think it is something you should be doing . It is as simple as that . ` But I will speak to him on it , to see what he says on it . As you can imagine , I have only seen this today . ' In 2013 , England right-back Kyle Walker issued a grovelling apology after he was pictured inhaling the gas during an night out in Sheffield . He later said : ` I have now been made aware of the health risks associated with the practice and accept that my actions were of poor judgement . ' In the same year , a photo was published showing then-Newcastle striker Nile Ranger inhaling from a balloon at the wheel of his car . The picture appeared on Instagram days before he was involved in a car accident . Last year , West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino was also pictured apparently inhaling the gas in his car , before reportedly driving from Birmingham to London . In a statement , Berahino later said : ` This was very poor judgement on my part and not the right example to be setting . Rodgers added : ` We want players here who are super-professional and focused on their football . I know he is . He very much is focused on his football and improving as a player . ` As I have said before , young players make mistakes . As long as they learn from them , that is what is important . ' The matter adds to the controversy currently surrounding Sterling amid a wrangle over a new contract . He risked the wrath of supporters a fortnight ago by admitting he had rejected a £ 100,000-per-week deal in an interview that was not sanctioned by the club recently . Another newspaper also published pictures of him allegedly smoking a shisha pipe over the weekend . Rodgers said any repercussions following the latest matter would be dealt with internally . He added that he did not feel the matter was a distraction . He said : ` I will speak to Raheem . Until then , it is something we will deal with internally . ' Former Liverpool player Jamie Carragher last night said the young star needs to learn from his mistakes and mature . He told Sky Sports : ` You make mistakes at that age , I did , we all do . It 's just important that we learn from them . Raheem Sterling needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages . ' The video emerged on the same night Sterling scored a stunning goal in his team 's 2-0 win over Newcastle . The video emerged days after the Liverpool and England star was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . The episode threatens to further disrupt Liverpool 's preparation for their key FA cup semi-final clash with Aston Villa at Wembley stadium on Sunday . Sterling was born in Jamaica but moved to London with his mother , Nadine , when he was five . He was removed from his primary school because of behavioural problems and spent three years at a special school , where he was told prophetically by a teacher : ` If you carry on the way you 're going , by the time you 're 17 you 'll either be in prison or playing for England . ' He joined QPR aged 11 before transferring to Liverpool 's youth academy when he was 15 , meaning he had to leave his home in Wembley and his mother behind . He became a father to his daughter , Melody Rose , at the age of 17 . A Liverpool FC spokesman said : ' We are aware of the story and intend to speak to the player . ' Nitrous oxide has become popular with revellers in recent years , but experts warn it is dangerous . Nitrous oxide is a gas that can make people feel relaxed , euphoric and giggly , leading to its nickname ` laughing gas ' . It is not illegal to be in possession of the substance , sometimes also known as ` hippy crack ' , although it is prohibited from being sold in England and Wales to under-18s if there is a risk they will inhale it . Abusing nitrous oxide can lead to oxygen deprivation resulting in loss of blood pressure , fainting and even heart attacks . While the gas can be legitimately used for pain relief in dental procedures , in engines to make them perform better , and in aerosol cans to prevent food going off , there have been concerns at its use as a so-called legal high . A Home Office campaign last year on the risks of legal highs showed that laughing gas was the second most popular drug among young adults in 2013/14 after cannabis , being more widely used than powdered cocaine and ecstasy . Research by the Local Government Association also described as ` deeply disturbing ' the notion that many young people view nitrous oxide as safe , despite it being linked to a number of deaths . Seventeen-year-old Joseph Benett suffered a cardiac arrest after taking the popular party drug in 2012 . The promising art student fell into a coma but later died . In September last year three revellers became ill at a nightclub in Bolton after suffering a suspected bad reaction to laughing gas . Police were called to Royal Bolton Hospital amid reports the patients were suffering from the effects of drug ingestion . It was thought they may have inhaled nitrous oxide , but they were said at the time to be recovering well . Nitrous oxide has led to 16 deaths in the last five years as users can asphyxiate as they inhale the drug .