It is not a match to decide the title , as has been the case in earlier seasons . But the Manchester derby this Sunday still holds great significance for both clubs , managers and , of course , supporters . City have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at Old Trafford . A number of intriguing strands run through this coming clash and could be pulled apart on full time . Here Sportsmail assesses ten key questions and tries to provide some answers . Can Manuel Pellegrini survive a derby loss ? The word is the Chilean 's future will be decided come May when the dust on a creaking season has settled . Defeat to cross-town rivals would push chairman Khaldoon al Mubarak closer to pressing the termination button though . It would leave City trailing United by four points and likely to finish fourth , needing to get past a qualifying round to reach to Champions League -- the very minimum requirement . Manuel Pellegrini -LRB- centre -RRB- is a man under-pressure at City and a defeat to their rivals is unthinkable . Who needs the win more ? To that end you would probably have to say City . A victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation , and reignite ambitions to finish second , possible saving Pellegrini from the axe . United look set to finish in the top four regardless , the baseline attainment for this campaign to be judged satisfactory . But they will be desperate to alter that current ugly sequence against their noisy neighbours . United have never lost five in a row to City before . Three points would begin to make their season look very decent indeed . Glenn Murray -LRB- right -RRB- tormented City at Selhurst Park as they dropped out of the Premier League title race . Would victory dispel any lingering doubts about Louis Van Gaal ? Quite likely . Three successive wins on the bounce against opposition the stature of Tottenham , Liverpool and City would underline Van Gaal 's ability to rise to the big matches and suggest that , after a season of trial , error , and turnstile selections , the plan is coming together . Those uncertainties around the Dutchman would resurface just as swiftly with defeat of course . Louis van Gaal has had his critics this season but Manchester United 's performances are proving them wrong . Should Vincent Kompany remain in the City side ? It would be a big call for a game of such size , but the sense that City may be better off without their captain can not be disregarded . These should be the 29-year-old 's peak years but injuries seem to have affected his body and mind . The Belgian is increasingly prone to errors of judgement . Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala do not provide the most robust competition but Kompany 's appearance in seven losses in 12 games speaks volumes . Mangala , on the bench against Crystal Palace , has experienced three losses in 24 matches all season . Vincent Kompany -LRB- left -RRB- has struggled for form this campaign and could lose his place for the derby . Where does this rank in English football 's biggest games ? Manchester has become a powerhouse of English football through City 's ascent . The city has been home to the Premier League title for the past four seasons , oscillating between Old Trafford and the Etihad . That will not be the case this year but the rivalry still burns and allied to the global scale of these clubs the match ranks as high as any other , perhaps only beaten by Liverpool-United . Mario Balotelli -LRB- centre -RRB- produced one of the most iconic derby moments when he scored at Old Trafford . Who is the better player right now : Wayne Rooney or Sergio Aguero ? No doubt Aguero is the better striker , his movement , angles for shooting , and goal-scoring record stands testament to that . But since being shifted to his preferred centre-forward role , Rooney is displaying form that would see him into any side . He has been approaching his all-action peak and scored seven goals in ten games for club and country , taking his overall season tally to 21 . Aguero has 23 for the campaign , but has failed to find the net in his last six games , a run stretching back to February 24 . At the moment you would have to go for Rooney . These two love the Manchester derby . Rooney holds the record for most all-time goals with 11 , while Aguero has six in seven . Wayne Rooney -LRB- left -RRB- and Sergio Aguero are two of the best forwards in the current Premier League . How crucial might Michael Carrick be ? His return to the United lineup in the fulcrum role in front of defence has lifted the side considerably . He has not enjoyed the best returns facing City in recent seasons -- and in the corresponding fixture was asked to play centre-back as a first-half substitute -- but will get more space in his deeper midfield role . It is unlikely Pellegrini will task anyone with marshalling Carrick , which is how he likes it . Michael Carrick -LRB- left -RRB- has become a key player for United over the years and is pivotal for Van Gaal . Will the real Yaya Toure show up ? You would hope so . Yaya at the height of his powers in an awesome sight and could prove the difference . But those flashes have been all too fleeting this season . Now would be a good time to step up . Like Kompany , Yaya Toure 's form is patchy but he scored a stunning goal against Crystal Palace on Monday . Will United solve the problem of Angel di Maria ? The team looks balanced right now , with Ashley Young doing nothing to lose his place . United 's record signing has been coming on and providing assists , so Van Gaal is probably inclined to repeat the pattern . Ultimately , Di Maria must provide more , and will want to , but at this moment he should start on the bench . Why is kick-off at 4 pm ? Police saw no dangers of the late afternoon kick-off time on a Sunday , and have cited previous good behaviour between sets of supporters . As ever , television dictates the preference and the 4 pm slot is prime for viewers . Angel di Maria has n't quite settled in Manchester but recently has done well when coming off the bench .