A new video of Rihanna at the Coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose . The clip , posted on Instagram and quickly deleted , show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her . After the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds . Scroll down for videos . What 's going on ? In this video , posted to Instagram , Rihanna can be seen holding a suspicious object . Something to tell us Rihanna ? After the camera cuts to her pals , it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds . Is she living up to her name ? Rihanna calls herself BadGalRiri on Instagram but it 's not clear exactly what she was up to in this video . While the video was quickly removed from Instagram , Rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page , which shows a brief clip of her holding the supposed tube in her hands . Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video . The Instagram account fly.xhuksta shared the video and wrote : ` CHECK OUT THE COKE HEAD I AINT SUPRISED DOE ALOT OF YALL GIRL BE COKE HEADS ON THE LOWSKI . ' Rihanna 's response : It has been claimed Rihanna posted this comment on Instagram in response to claims that she was taking hard drugs . What 's that in your hand ? It 's unclear exactly what Rihanna was holding as she partied with her pals . Partying with her girls : The singer was partying at Coachella in what appeared to be a VIP trailer . However , according to complex.com , Rihanna quickly hit back to insist it was just a joint , by posting a comment on the users account . Rihanna is believed to have written : ` N *** a your lame ass got some f**king nerve !!! Any fool could see that 's a joint that I 'm basing with cigarette ! Who tF snorts tobacco ??!! FOH witcho `` never been to a rodeo so someone squeezing their nose means they 're doing coke '' lookin ass !! -LRB- sic -RRB- ' Twitter quickly lit up with speculation as to what exactly was going on in the videos . Posted by Rhianna : While the original video was quickly removed from Instagram , Rihanna later shared a similar video on her own page , which shows a brief clip of Rihanna holding the supposed tube in her hands . What is happening ? Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video but apart from an alleged Instagram comment , Rihanna is keeping mum . King Anthony @TrillAC_ wrote : ' Rihanna look like a chick that would try anything . Nothing shocking about her doing coke at all ' and @Eyeduzdis added : ` Call me crazy , but is Rihanna doing coke in the background ? '' @SirrThotsAlot : ' @BlackBoyMiah : said ` Lmao , there 's no legit proof Rihanna is doing coke rn , everyone 's being extra rn , ' @OutOfLeftField_ wrote : ` Rihanna was caught on video snorting coke . Could 've been worse . She could 've been caught on video singing , ' while @AllPinkSparkle mused : ` Lmao to people who think Rihanna doing coke would lessen the love . Mi love har same weh . @officiALLIE__me put forward another theory , saying : ` Am I the only one that does n't think Rihanna was sniffing coke ... ? It looks like she was rolling a blunt to me , ' while @MONAMAKAVELI said : ` that video of rihanna doing coke . she lit . ' Joking around : After some people on Twitter speculated that Rihanna could be taking coke , she posted this picture to Instagram . Girls ' night out : Rihanna was joined by her gal pals who danced around while she was occupied at a table . Letting loose : Rihanna was enjoying herself at the famed Coachella Arts and Music Festival in Indio , California . Not her first Coachella controversy : In 2012 she found herself at the centre of a new scandal after posting a picture of herself ` cutting up ' a white powered substance on the top of a man 's head . Living it up : The image saw Rihanna on the shoulders of a mystery man . And @yovabundra worried about how young people would react , writing : Rihanna does coke which is n't surprising since celebrity but Rihanna doing coke is gon na make a whole lot of stupid kids think coke is cool . ' This is not the first time Rihanna has found herself mired in controversy at Coachella . In 2012 she found herself at the centre of a new scandal after posting a picture of herself ` cutting up ' a white powered substance on the top of a man 's head . The singer posted the picture on photo-sharing website Instagram from her time at the music festival . The image , which saw Rihanna - real name Robyn Fenty - on the shoulders of a mystery man , was accompanied by the caption ` Memories do n't live like people do #coachella ' . Rihanna posted two pictures of herself on the shoulders of the man , with another close-up shot of the substance on his head . Fans posted over 1000 comments on the snaps , claiming that the star ` rolled a blunt on that dude 's head ' , referring to marijuana , but others questioned if the substance was cocaine . One fan questioned : ` Is that weed or coke ? ' , while others commended her for being so open , saying : ` Priceless I love this girl ' . Dance party : Rihanna danced along to ex-boyfriend Drake 's headline set on Sunday night as she headed over to the main stage to watch him at Coachella . Provocative : The sultry singer wore only a tribal necklace to cover her chest and highlighted her frame in skintight leggings . Insta glam : Rihanna shared a number of photographss of her Coachella weekend with her Instagram followers . With the girls : The singer and her pals relaxed at the Coachella base on Saturday . Festival style : The star showed off her inking and her Coachella style in the snaps . She 's got style : Rihanna showed off her pink and orange boots as she rode to another day of music .