A couple in Texas allegedly tried to resurrect their two-year-old child at a home church before taking the body across the border to Mexico for burial , police said on Thursday . Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs , Texas , to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a ` rising ceremony ' performed , according to CBS . The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police claimed , and took place on March 22 . Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs , Texas , -LRB- pictured -RRB- to do a wellness check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and the body returned to Mexico . Police were now investigating . Lt Mark Maret told CBS : ` We do n't know if this was to try and resurrect the spirit of the child and we do n't know if this was to try and resurrect the child themselves or what exactly that service or ceremony encompasses . ' The child 's parents took the body to Mexico the following day . A phone number for the single-story home had been disconnected . A neighbor told Daily Mail Online on Friday that five children under the age of ten , both boys and girls , were also living at the home and had been taken away by Child Protective Services . Joy Donaldson said that she once complained to the woman who lived at the home about two of the boys , who had been bothering her dogs . The woman , whose name she did not know , told her that the children did not know any better ` because they had been taken off the streets of Mexico ' . A second neighbor , Jean Turnipseed , told Daily Mail Online on Friday that she had heard that church services were taking place at the home on Saturdays and Sunday nights , where people were being charged at the door . Unconfirmed reports have suggested that the two-year-old boy , whose name is unknown and who neighbors had not seen , may have died either of starvation or of a fall from a chair last week . Emergency services do not appear to have called until police received an anonymous tip four days later . Multiple calls to the Balch Springs Sheriff 's Department went unanswered on Friday . Police refused to release names but an investigation is underway involving both state and federal authorities . According to public records , a branch of the Iglesia Internacional Jesus Es El Rey Church is associated with the home . Calls to church representatives went unanswered on Friday .