Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers . Hibs had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off and the Light Blues knew they had to respond . They bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South , with Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claiming a goal apiece and Nicky Law grabbing a double . Nicky Clark celebrates after putting Rangers 1-0 up against Raith Rovers on Sunday . Clark in the air as he heads the ball towards goal to give the hosts the lead at Ibrox . Rangers manager Stuart McCall applauds the home fans after the full-time whistle . The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points , albeit the Leith side have the better goal difference . Stuart McCall had suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens last week . So it was no real surprise to see him make three changes for the visit of Raith . Goalkeeper Cammy Bell was back between the sticks and Dean Shiels and Robbie Crawford were also added to the side . The Light Blues enjoyed the best possible start to the game when they surged into the lead after just six minutes . Clark found himself in plenty of space to connect with Law 's corner and bullet a header home from 10 yards . Law then carved out a chance of his own but his shot from just inside the box was weak and easily held by Kevin Cuthbert . But the goalkeeper had no chance when Gers claimed their second of the day after 27 minutes . Vuckic cut inside from the right before unleashing a powerful drive into the bottom corner to claim his seventh Rangers goal . Haris Vuckic -LRB- left -RRB- fires the ball home to put Rangers 2-0 ahead against Raith Rovers . Vuckic -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates his Ibrox goal with team-mate Kenny Miller . Nicky Law slots it home to get the first of his two goals for Rangers on Sunday afternoon . Law -LRB- right -RRB- wheels away as he celebrates his goal for the home side . Raith could have pulled a goal back moments later but a well-struck free-kick from Ryan Conroy on the edge of the box was blocked by Bell . The visitors fired out another warning to Rangers shortly after the restart . Lewis Vaughan tried his luck with a snap-shot that fell inches past the upright as Raith tried to haul themselves back into the game . At the other end , the hosts passed up a decent chance to all but secure the three points . Vuckic released Crawford and he tried to tee up the shot for Law but he failed to connect in front of goal and the chance was lost . However Law was celebrating when he added his name to the scoresheet after 72 minutes , putting the game beyond Raith . Law 's first attempt crashed off the crossbar but the ball fell kindly to his feet and he had the net bulging with the rebound from eight yards . Tom Walsh then saw a terrific volley saved well by the goalkeeper , before Law completed his double when he curled home from the edge of the box with two minutes to go . Law -LRB- left -RRB- strikes the ball towards goal as he scores Rangers ' fourth goal of the afternoon . Law -LRB- left -RRB- is congratulated by his Rangers team-mates on his Sunday afternoon double . Former Rangers striker Michael Mols was among those in the directors ' box at Ibrox on Sunday .