There is a passage in Diego Torres 's book , ` The Special One - The Secret World of Jose Mourinho ' , which goes a long way to understanding the practices of Chelsea 's manager . In the English version of Torres 's biography , the exchanges between Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo in the dressing room at Real Madrid start on page 138 and finish five pages later . Here is an abridged version of the alleged events in the team meeting before the second leg of the 2011 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona , when Ronaldo had made it clear he expected Los Blancos to be more adventurous in the Bernabeu . Jose Mourinho makes a point to Oscar and his Brazilian team-mate Willian during a game at Stamford Bridge . Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before , by Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid . Oscar holds his head in his hands after missing a good chance at Stoke , where he was replaced at half time . Oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January . Here is is full recent record : . Jan 31 Manchester City -LRB- substituted , 89 -RRB- . Feb 7 Aston Villa -LRB- substituted , 73 -RRB- . Feb 11 Everton -LRB- unused -RRB- . Feb 17 Paris Saint Germain -LRB- substitute , 83 -RRB- . Feb 21 Burnley -LRB- substituted , 72 -RRB- . Mar 1 Tottenham -LRB- substitute , 88 -RRB- . Mar 4 West Ham -LRB- substituted , 74 -RRB- . Mar 11 Paris Saint Germain -LRB- substituted , 45 -RRB- . Mar 15 Southampton -LRB- substituted , 82 -RRB- . Mar 22 Hull -LRB- substitute , 61 -RRB- . Apr 4 Stoke -LRB- substituted , 45 -RRB- . According to Torres , the Real Madrid coach told his star player : ` I 'm going to say it to your face : you complain that we play defensively . But do you know why we play this way ? For you . ` Because , as you do n't want to defend or cover the wings , I have to have the team sitting deep ... when you come on , you do your own thing . ' That meeting , held in the presence of the great Zinedine Zidane , apparently lasted 40 minutes . Real Madrid drew the second leg 1-1 and Barcelona progressed to the final , where they beat Manchester United 3-1 at Wembley . Team meetings are a theme of Mourinho 's management , giving his players the floor during the fallow periods that inevitably occur during the course of a long season . It is a pragmatic approach , one to be admired , unless you happen to be one of the players who challenges Mourinho 's coaching philosophy . You can not blame Oscar , the current fall-guy , for encouraging Chelsea to play with a sense of adventure at a team meeting that took place during their wobble at the end of January . When you can call upon Oscar , Eden Hazard and Willian , why would n't you ? Oscar has been put back in his box in recent weeks , failing to start or finish a full 90 minutes in all competitions for Chelsea since the 1-0 victory over Liverpool in the Capital One Cup semi-final second leg on January 27 . The Brazilian midfielder has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea 's last 11 games . Mourinho demands that the likes of Oscar work hard on their defensive roles to free Eden Hazard 's flair . The Brazilian forward has not completed a Barclays Premier League match since the 5-0 victory at Swansea City , where he scored twice for the league leaders , 10 days earlier . Oscar put Chelsea ahead in the opening minute at the Liberty Stadium and his second , when he beat Swansea keeper Lukas Fabianski in the 36th minute from the edge of the area , is the last time he has scored . Since the 1-0 victory over Liverpool in the Capital One Cup at Stamford Bridge , Oscar has been substituted or been named substitute in 10 of Chelsea 's last 11 fixtures . Here is the record in full . Manchester City -LRB- substituted , 89 -RRB- ; Aston Villa -LRB- substituted , 73 -RRB- ; Paris Saint-Germain -LRB- substitute , 83 -RRB- ; Burnley -LRB- substituted , 72 -RRB- ; Tottenham -LRB- substitute , 88 -RRB- ; West Ham -LRB- substituted , 74 -RRB- ; Paris Saint-Germain -LRB- substituted , 45 -RRB- ; Southampton -LRB- substituted , 82 -RRB- ; Hull -LRB- substitute , 61 -RRB- ; Stoke -LRB- substituted , 45 -RRB- . Against Everton , on February 11 , he was not in the squad . Naturally Oscar has some concerns , worried that his views at a routine team meeting have been misinterpreted by this most demanding of managers . Oscar was disappointing during last weekend 's win , and Mourinho hit out at his performance afterwards . The Chelsea star tries a fancy flick but little of what he tried came off during the win against Stoke . It is believed to have been innocuous , an observation from a player who has been a popular and respectful member of the Chelsea dressing room since his move from Internacional in 2012 . He is certainly not regarded as a troublemaker . It was Oscar , after all , who is so highly-regarded by the coaching staff at Chelsea that he was considered a potential , future rival to the annual duel between Lionel Messi and Ronaldo for the Ballon d'Or . When Oscar returned from the World Cup , where he scored the 90th minute goal for his country in their 7-1 rout by Germany in the semi-final , his first-class attitude to the new season was noted by coaching staff . Despite the disappointment over the summer with the national team , he was eager to please Mourinho as he entered his third season with Chelsea . In November , his sparkling form was rewarded with a new five-year contract , a move designed to keep him in that role off the main striker , Diego Costa , until 2019 . All was well . Oscar was dejected after Brazil 's World Cup semi final defeat , but he returned to Chelsea with a good attitude . The Chelsea midfielder suggested the side should be more positive with the likes of Eden Hazard and Willian . When Oscar arrived at the club he was thought of as a future Ballon d'Or winner , but his place is now in doubt . There is a touch of Brian Clough about Mourinho 's attitude towards him , a nod in the direction of the famous response he gave when asked about the way he dealt with disaffected players . ` We talk about it for 20 minutes and then we decide I was right all along , ' Clough once remarked . Oscar is certainly learning all about that as he deals with Mourinho 's mood swings . ` No , I do n't think he had a bad performance , I just think his performance was not good enough , which is a huge difference , ' claimed Chelsea 's manager after their 2-1 victory over Stoke City on Saturday . Naturally there is a little uncertainty about Oscar 's performances at the moment , reluctant to try anything out of the ordinary because of the potential consequences . Oscar knows , like everyone else knows , that if you take on Mourinho , he will take you off .