The little girl who broke millions of hearts after surrendering to a camera she mistook for a gun is now in the clutches of Al Qaeda , the MailOnline can exclusively reveal . Four-year-old Hudea was pictured late last year by photographer Osman Sagirli in Atmeh refugee camp , just 10 km from the border with Turkey . She , her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the Syrian camp since Hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre . But two weeks ago , the family took a fateful decision to move south , towards the city of Idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of Al Qaeda 's brutal Syrian affiliate at the weekend . It means , once more , the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 220,000 since 2011 - 10,000 of whom were children . Scroll down for video . Harrowing : Taken at the Atmeh refugee camp on Syria 's border with Turkey , the image shows four-year-old Hudea frozen in fear with her arms raised and her lips tightly pursed . Hudea and her family left the camp two weeks ago ; it is thought they headed for Idlib - now in the control of Al-Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra . Pictured : An Al-Nusra fighter holds his group flag in front of Idlib 's governor building . Sharia law : Al-Nusra have promised to bring in Sharia law in the city , and have already started burning things considered banned under Islam - like these cigarettes . The Nusra Front-led rebels is set impose Sharia law on the city , which is only the second state capital to fall from the grip of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . ` We salute the people of Idlib and their stand with their sons , the Mujahideen , ... and God willing they will enjoy the justice of sharia , which will preserve their religion and their blood , ' said Abu Mohamad al-Golani , Nusra Front 's leader , in a recording released on Wednesday . This is horrifying news for those living under the Nusra Front . The group group has a reputation for violence which is only rivaled by the horrors seen in ISIS-controlled territory . Charlie Winter , of the Qilliam Foundation , warned : ` Jabhat al-Nusra is an outspoken al-Qaeda affiliate . It espouses a severe interpretation of Islam and sharia law . ` They have been known to execute women who are allegedly running brothels , and stone adulterers . It is a violent interpretation of sharia law . ' Indeed , the group appears to be all but following in the footsteps of ISIS , who have terrified the world with an onslaught of violence , including throwing people from the tops of buildings and getting small children to shoot so-called spies dead . Worringly , the Nusra Front - who reiterated their allegiance to Al Qaeda in the last month - have said they want to create their own ` Islamic state ' . The group is known for its use of suicide bombers as it tries to achieve its goal , and has claimed responsibility for mass executions , murdered journalists and even priests in the past few years . In the days since they took control of Idlib , there have been reports of two Christian men being executed , while the Vatican - citing local news sources - claimed a Greek Orthodox priest had been kidnapped by jihadists . Fight : The city fell after a four day battle which saw fighters on both sides lose their lives . Flee : It is thought about 15,000 people ran from the city as the Nusra Front approached . Trauma : Save the Children reports many of the children were traumatised by what they had seen . For a child like Hudea , who has clearly already been left horribly traumatised by a war which has been raging her entire life , life under the strict sharia law is likely to be nothing be more terrifying . But life is no better under the Syrian regime : indeed , it is al-Assad 's fighters who were said to be behind the Hama massacre in which she lost her father . Pro-government militia killed at least 55 people that day , going from house to house , murdering men , women and children . It was after this the family fled north , to the camp near the border with Turkey , which has grown to become a home to 30,000 refugees . But despite being so close to the safety of Turkey , the family appear to have never made it across . Instead , for reasons unknown to MailOnline 's source within the camp , they decided to leave the camp - venturing out into territory which has changed hands between the different rebel factions and the al-Assad regime numerous times over the last four years . The MailOnline 's source within the camp said : ` The child does not exist now in the camp . They fled to a village in Idlib about two weeks ago . ' Wherever they have gone , it means the family are trapped once more between three violent sides - none of which are prepared to stop until they have wiped the other off the face of the earth . Relative safety : Many of the 15,000 are headed to refugee camps like Atmeh , near the Turkish border - but it is not known where Hudea and her small family are . Civil war : Fighting has been going on Hudea 's entire life , killing 10,000 children since 2011 . Pictured : Atmeh , her home after he father was killed in 2012 . And living in an area recently won by one side , does not guarantee survival - or peace . A source in the Syrian military force told EA World View : ` We have an obligation to liberate the city ... I swear to god the highest we are not scared . ' Joshua Landis , director of the Center for Middle East Studies at University of Oklahoma , was also certain Damascus would not give up without a fight . He told Bloomberg : ` Assad will likely bomb Idlib so that its captors find little peace in their new prize . ' Mr Winter thinks it is unlikely they will have gone to areas controlled by the Syrian government . One suspects the memory of what they did to her husband will mean Hudea 's mother will keep her family away from al-Assad 's forces . But villages not in the control of the regime have come under attack since Nusra Front 's assault on Idlib - which itself sent 15,000 people fleeing for their lives . Ironically , many are making their way to the refugee camps in the north - like Atmeh , the safe haven Hudea has just left . And now there are reports of the regime using chlorine-filled bombs against the towns surrounding Idlib - a new horror for the little girl and her family to contend with . One can only imagine how Hudea , caught in the crossfire in a fight she is too young to understand and so scared already she surrenders to cameras , will respond to any of this .