Sam Allardyce believes Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green is good enough to challenge England No 1 Joe Hart for a place in the national team . Green , capped 12 times , endured a famously turbulent time as England goalkeeper , with his calamitous error in England 's 1-1 draw with USA at the 2010 World Cup a particular lowlight . But after a fine 2011-12 season with Allardyce 's West Ham in the Championship , he gained his first international cap since World Cup humiliation . And Allardyce , whose side face Green and Co at Loftus road on Saturday , still holds his former stopper in high esteem and thinks the 35-year-old could once again stake a claim to be England 's main man between the posts . Rob Green trains ahead of QPR 's Premier League match against his former club West Ham on Saturday . Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup against USA in 2010 . The QPR goalkeeper allowed a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it . The ball trickled over the line as Clint Dempsey 's strike earned USA a 1-1 in the opening group match . ` He could rival Joe Hart , ' Allardyce began . ` Robert has had an unfortunate England career by the fact that , when called upon , he made a mistake that has probably haunted him for a while . ` If he has overcome that , the experience he has gained since should make him a better goalkeeper . And after a difficult time at QPR , he has shone through because of his dedication . ' Green swapped east for west London after West Ham sealed promotion back to the Premier League with a 2-1 play-off final victory over Blackpool . And Allardyce , who was forced to let Green leave on a free transfer due to financial constraints , thinks the keeper will be crucial to QPR 's bid to avoid the drop . ` Financially we could n't get there -- that was the key element , ' Allardyce said of West Ham 's attempts to keep Green at the club . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce says Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot . Green faces his old club at Loftus Road on Saturday as QPR bid to beat the drop . ` It was n't that Robert did n't want to stay -- he did . But we could n't match , at that time , his financial demands and QPR did . ` Robert is a dedicated goalkeeper who works tirelessly on his game , and has a huge amount of experience now which , hopefully -- not on Saturday -- will help QPR stay up . '