As Australians are beginning to feel the onset of winter 's chill , Aussies travellers are looking to escape this year 's cold in exchange for a European summer . Recent data released by kayak.com . au has revealed that most aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in europe . research by the travel search engine further indicates that aussies are planning to search abroad between may and august , while seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe . australian tourists are planning to holiday in destinations across Europe , the number one choice being the ancient city of athens destinations greece . 1 -rrb- athens , greece . 2 -rrb- istanbul , turkey . 3 -RRB- toronto , canada . 4 -RRB- warsaw , poland . 5 -RRB- ho chi minh city , vietnam . 6 -RRB- dublin , ireland . 7 -RRB- barcelona , spain . 8 -RRB- colombo , sri lanka . 9 -RRB- santiago , chile . 10 -RRB- vienna , austria . debby soo , vice president apac at kayak , says australians do n't seem bothered by the cost of their trip , as long as it means they can stay away from the cold . ` australia is often thought of as a nation of sun-seekers and the upswing of searches for places like athens , istanbul and ho chi minh city support that notion , ' she said . ` destinations like warsaw , colombo , and santiago also suggest aussies are looking for more diverse escapes . ` people do n't appear to be put off by distance , cost or the time it takes to reach somewhere -- especially if it means they get a break from winter . ' second of the top 10 destinations aussies are looking to escape to this winter is istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of turkey . another hotspot among aussie tourists is toronto in canada , according to recent data released by kayak.com.au . fourth of the top 10 list is warsaw in poland , where aussies are planning their mid-year getaways . number one on the list is the ancient city of Athens in Greece , followed by Istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of Turkey . The number of Australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years , according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics . Between 2002 and 2012 , the amount of Australians travelling overseas increased from 3.5 million to 8.2 million . The strong Australian dollar sees Aussies still keen to spend their hard-earned wages on trips overseas and new experiences and sights . Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam is said to be the fifth destinations Aussies are searching for this winter . Dublin , Ireland also makes it on the top 10 planned holiday destinations for Aussie travellers . Barcelona in Spain is one of the seven European countries which make it on the top 10 list . The number one attraction for Aussies heading overseas is Athens , one of the world 's oldest cities , and considered by many to be the birthplace of democracy . Second on the list is Istanbul , which is the sixth largest city in the world , and is famed for it 's history , including it 's location along the Silk Road . Other hot spots for Aussie tourists include Toronto in Canada and Warsaw , in Poland . Finishing off the top ten hot spots for Aussie travellers are Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam , Dublin in Ireland , Barcelona in Spain , Colombo in Sri Lanka , Santiago in Chile , and Vienna in Austria . Colombo , Sri Lanka seems to be another popular vacation spot among Australians this year . Destinations like Santiago , Chile is a place where Australians can escape winter between May and August . Vienna , Austria appears to be one of the countries that many Aussies are planning to visit this year .