A freight train carrying a dangerous form of ammonia derailed in a rural area of South Carolina on Friday night - causing several cars to overturn and leak , and sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation . The train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121 , near the town of Trenton , shortly after 8.30 pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks . At the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . It was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak , authorities told WFXC . However , it is unclear whether the affected cars were the ones holding the dangerous anhydrous ammonia . Derailment : A freight train carrying a dangerous form of ammonia derailed in a rural area of South Carolina on Friday night , causing several cars to overturn and leak . Above , officials are pictured near the scene on Friday . Company : The Norfolk Southern train -LRB- file picture -RRB- was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121 , near Trenton , shortly after 8.30 pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen on the tracks . The incident prompted a civil emergency message to be activated for residents and businesses within a 1.5-mile radius of the area . Thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a ` precaution ' . Derrick Becker , public information officer for the South Carolina Emergency Management Division , told The Associated Press that no one was injured following the Norfolk Southern train crash . He added that there were ` no visible liquids or a plume ' on the scene . Officials could not immediately confirm how many cars the train had all together , and Norfolk Southern could not be reached . Suzy Spurgeon , Edgefield County 's director of Emergency Management , said on Friday night that haz mat crews had been sent to the scene . Firefighters were already said to be on the tracks . IMs Spurgeon did not confirm how much of the substance had leaked from the cars . Locals who were evacuated from their homes were told to gather at Mount Canaan Baptist Church on Friday night . In a tweet after the incident , State Senator Shane Massey said the train appeared to have crashed into a tree on the tracks , derailing two locomotives and at least a dozen cars , WJBF reported . Deputies at the site : At the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . It was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . Scene : Suzy Spurgeon -LRB- left -RRB- , Edgefield County 's director of Emergency Management , said on Friday night that haz mat crews had been sent to the scene . Right , Sallters Pond Road train crossing , near the crash site . It is not the first time this year that a freight train derailment has sparked an evacuation . Last month , a BNSF Railway train loaded with crude oil derailed in northern Illinois , bursting into flames and prompting officials to suggest that everyone with one mile to evacuate , authorities said . However , only a family of two agreed to leave their home . The train derailed at around 1.20 pm on March 5 in a rural area where the Galena River meets the Mississippi , according to BNSF . The train had 103 cars loaded with crude oil , along with two buffer cars loaded with sand . No injuries were reported .