It 's a sugar-laden feast made from four seven-inch wide waffles , 12 scoops of thick ice-cream , four chocolate flakes and if that is n't sweet enough for you , it comes with a giant portion of whipped cream to top it off . The sickly sweet dessert - which contains an astonishing 5,000 calories - is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End , Portsmouth , for £ 25 . However , for customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , with no toilet breaks , they are awarded the meal for free and a winners ' T-shirt . Scroll down for video . A diner takes on the challenge at The Wicked Waffle cafe in North End , Portsmouth . The unhealthy dessert contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 huge scoops of thick ice-cream , four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream . In the last six months , dozens of ravenous diners have taken on The Wicked Waffle Challenge - and only two people have managed to finish it . The man behind The Wicked Waffle Challenge , cafe owner Harry Harrison , 46 , said : ` Most of the customers manage to eat half of The Wacky Waffle but they 're so stuffed after that , they completely give up ! ` They also start to feel extremely cold and shiver from all the ice-cream they 've had to eat . ' ` We 've had a complete range of people take on The Wicked Waffle Challenge from young women to bodybuilders . ` The only people who finished it were two bulky men - one of whom was legendary competitive eater , Randy Santel , who came to Portsmouth from America to try it . ` Randy completed it an amazing 13 minutes 11 seconds , and the other competitor Simon did it in 23 minutes 55 seconds . The giant waffles are made from four eggs , three cups of milk , a cup of butter and three cups of flour . Competitive eater Randy Santel and friend Simon about to take on the Wicked Waffle Challenge . Good attempt : Two female diners throw in the towel as they are unable to clean their plates . The over-the-top treat has created a real buzz around Portsmouth . Mr Harrison said : ` You come across lots of savoury eating challenges with burgers and steaks but you hardly ever see a sweet one . ` That 's what inspired to create the Wicked Waffle Challenge . ` It 's been very popular and lots of people have been talking about it on Facebook . '