A man accused of removing women 's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex because he liked ` gummy ladies ' claims he was just trying to ` help ' them . New Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . On Wednesday a Wellington District Court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman , 47 , who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s . The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ` afraid ' to say anything . Crown prosecutor Sally Carter warned the jury that during the trial they would hear evidence about Hansen 's ` fascination or obsession with them -LSB- women -RSB- not having any teeth ' . New Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen , 56 , is accused of removing women 's teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex . ` He liked his women without teeth , ' Ms Carter said in her opening address , the New Zealand Herald reports . The court watched a video form 2012 of the woman talking about how Hansen allegedly held her against a car door and removed six of her bottom teeth , using an oily rag to stop the bleeding , during sex . She later had all her teeth removed and replaced with dentures , but when her wisdom teeth started coming through Hansen allegedly removed them with a screwdriver . ` He had a screwdriver in his hand , he then tilted my head back ... after that he had grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums to try and get out these wisdom teeth , ' she said in the video . A woman , 47 , has claimed Hansen ` grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums ' During cross-examination defence lawyer Mike Antunovic said the woman had let Hansen pull out six teeth from her lower jaw and that Hansen was just trying to help the women , not hurt them . ` So after he pulled out the first tooth ... the second tooth , the third tooth , the fourth tooth , the fifth tooth , the sixth tooth ... you did n't ask him to stop ? ' said Mr Antunovic . ` No , ' replied the woman , who said she had been drinking that night but was not heavily intoxicated . The lawyer said the woman had not objected to Hansen extracting her teeth with pliers . ` You opened your mouth to allow him to put the pliers in , ' said Mr Antunovic . ` I would not just freely open my mouth to a pair of pliers , ' said the woman . Hansen 's lawyer said the woman had not objected to Hansen extracting her teeth with pliers . ` Well , you did n't shut your mouth . You did n't tell him to stop , ' said the lawyer . The woman told the court she could n't , saying ` I had no choice ' . Mr Antunovic suggested Hansen had been trying to help the woman when he tried to remove her emerging wisdom teeth with a screwdriver after she complained about the problems they were causing her . ` Do you think Philip was trying to help you , in his own way ? ' he said . ` Not really , no , ' said the woman . Hansen was arrested in December 2012 . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .