Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Bowyer has hit out at FA Cup rules which prevent him from fielding one of his own players against Liverpool in Wednesday night 's sixth round replay at Ewood Park because he was on loan when the first tie was played on March 9 . Bowyer , who has a lengthy injury list at his Championship club , wanted to include 21-year-old midfielder John O'Sullivan to face The Reds having recalled him from a loan spell with League One Barnsley last month . However , there was no dispensation because O'Sullivan was at Oakwell when the initial 0-0 draw between the teams was played at Anfield . Blackburn midfielder John O'Sullivan -LRB- right -RRB- is ineligible to play in their FA Cup fifth round replay vs Liverpool . Gary Bowyer says it ` does n't make sense ' that he ca n't use O'Sullivan , who 's been recalled from Barnsley . Bowyer said : ` It will be a huge achievement to beat Liverpool in these circumstances . Because of the embargo -LRB- for breaching FPP rules -RRB- we are only allowed a squad of 24 players and have played 13 games in 43 days . ` So to be told we ca n't even play one of our own players because he was sent on on loan before the first game does n't make sense to me . He 's only been a Blackburn player for six years ! ` We sent John away to help his development . He 's back now , he 'd be eligible for the semi-final if we get there , but not the quarter-final replay . ' Ewood Park will have a capacity crowd for the first time since they were relegated from the Premier League in 2012 and Bowyer hopes the fans take a lead from Crystal Palace supporters . O'Sullivan -LRB- left -RRB- , who was on loan at Barnsley , will be available to play if Blackburn reach the semi-finals though . ` The Palace fans got them over the line against Manchester City on Monday night and we need our supporters to be the 12th man , 13th man or even 14th man . ` There were six thousand of our supporters at Anfield and they never shut up . The players talked about it afterwards and we need them again . There is a buzz around the place . ' Liverpool have had a torrid fortnight and arrive in Lancashire without suspended players Emre Can , Steven Gerrard and Martin Skrtel . In addition , a contract issue with Raheem Sterling has been a distraction while the club have lost their last two league games against Manchester United and Arsenal . ` It 's still ridiculous to talk about them as a club in crisis . We are massive underdogs , ' added Bowyer , who is without 14 senior professionals including Josh King , Chris Taylor , Grant Hanley and possibly Craig Conway on Wednesday . ` Brendan Rodgers will be wondering what internationals to replace his suspended players with . ' Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge -LRB- right -RRB- shoots during the first fifth round encounter between the two teams . Blackburn players celebrate at the full-time whistle after forcing a replay with a 0-0 draw at Anfield last month .