This is the moment police in Texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try to herd a stray buffalo . Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock . As they beep their horns the animal , named Big Boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . Despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury . His owner , 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps , told Fox News that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence . ` It 's been plenty adequate for 25 years with all my other buffalo , but this one is a jumper , ' the rancher said . Apparently Big Boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire barrier to escape his pen last Friday morning around 7 am . Police say they gave his owner a citation for violating the ` open range act ' with inadequate fencing . On the run : This is the moment police in Texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try and herd a buffalo . High-speed chase : Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock . Lights , camera , action : As they beep their horns the animal , named Big Boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . As a result , Kotrla-Chipps is reportedly getting a higher boundary installed . In the meantime Big Boy , aged five , has been relocated to another patch of land . It was a local resident who reported the animal 's break for freedom after spotting him on the highway . Police said officers and an Animal Control unit responded to a ` loose livestock ' report and they were able to lure the bison to a secure area . Athletic abilities : His owner , 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps , told Fox News that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence . Bid for freedom : Apparently Big Boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire fence to escape his pen last Friday morning around 7 am . Fortunately no one was hurt during the incident . Authorities later highlighted the dangers of the situation . ` These animals are large , quick , and could do harm if encountered in the wrong circumstances , ' they noted . Along with buffalo , Kotrla-Chipps keeps a range of animals on his ranch including pigs , dogs and peacock . Touching in the recent drama he concluded : ' -LSB- Big Boy 's -RSB- an exceptional buffalo . And that 's why I want to keep him you know . There 's something there that 's over and above all my other ones . '