His primary job is to keep opposition strikers at bay , but that has n't stopped John Terry from showing them the art of finishing too . The Chelsea captain scored his side 's second goal in their 3-1 win away at Leicester on Wednesday night - as the Blues close in on their fourth Premier League title . The 34-year-old 's close-range effort took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions - making him the club 's joint third-highest goalscorer . John Terry was on hand to prod home from close range against Leicester on Wednesday night . Terry 's strike at the King Power Stadium was his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season . Terry sits alongside strikers Loic Remy and Didier Drogba with seven goals apiece as well as attacking midfielder Oscar . Only star striker Diego Costa -LRB- 20 goals -RRB- and PFA Player of the Year Eden Hazard -LRB- 18 -RRB- have more for Jose Mourinho 's side this campaign . The centre back 's ability to score is a skill that compares him favourably to the firepower among other teams in and around the top seven of the table . At Manchester City , former Chelsea team-mate Frank Lampard also has seven goals in all competitions this season - but Terry has fared better than forwards Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic who have only found the back of the net six and five times respectively . On the other side of Manchester , much has been made of the malaise of on loan United striker Radamel Falcao . The 29-year-old has endured a tough season in England and this has been reflected by his poor tally of four goals in all competitions . Terry 's goal return is better than Manchester City striker Edin Dzeko - who has six goals for the season . Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United - scoring only four goals . Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck -LRB- centre -RRB- has scored only one more goal than Terry this season . Liverpool forward Mario Balotelli -LRB- left -RRB- and Tottenham 's Roberto Soldado have both struggled in front of goal . Danny Welbeck , who left United for Arsenal last summer , has n't fared much better too - having scored eight goals in all competitions for the Gunners . North London rivals Tottenham have relied heavily upon on the goals of Harry Kane and without his productivity Mauricio Pochettino would have had to call upon four-goal man Roberto Soldado and Emmanuel Adebayor who has only scored twice . Liverpool 's struggle for goals has been highlighted by the fact that Raheem Sterling has been deployed in attack by manager Brendan Rodgers this season . First-choice forward Daniel Sturridge has scored only five goals in a campaign which has been beset by injuries . Coupled with that , summer signings Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert have failed to replace the void left by Luis Suarez - with the pair having scored four and three goals apiece . Terry 's impressive goal return is even impressive when you look at the figures of Lambert 's former club Southampton , where Saints forward Graziano Pelle -LRB- 15 -RRB- is their only player to have scored more than the former England international . The south coast club 's next highest marksman is Sadio Mane with six then Shane Long with five . Southampton striker Graziano Pelle -LRB- left -RRB- has scored 15 goals in all competitions for the club this season . Chelsea 's No 26 is vying with team-mate Branislav Ivanovic and United 's Chris Smalling as this season 's highest-scoring Premier League defender . The trio all have four goals in England 's top-tier this season - three behind Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel 's feat 12 months ago . Despite their impressive return , the triumvirate have a long way to go to match Julian Dicks ' record . The West Ham legend netted 10 goals during the 1995-96 season as the Hammers finished 10th in the table with 51 points after the 38-game season . West Ham legend Julian Dicks -LRB- right -RRB- scored 10 Premier League goals for the club during the 1995-96 season .