If you 've managed to so far miss out on the addictive , award-winning Netflix juggernaut which is House Of Cards , you 'll probably just remember Robin Wright as the actress who played Jenny , Tom Hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart , in Forest Gump . Or of course , you may know her as Sean Penn 's ex-wife . They met in 1989 just year after he split with Madonna , had their first child two years later , and spent the best part of two decades in perceived marital bliss . But by personal choice , Robin 's acting career is one that dwindled rapidly after her Golden Globe nominated performance in the film which cemented the mega-star career of her co-star Hanks . Scroll down for video . Robin Wright eschewed Hollywood fame to raise her two children instead , after meeting and marrying actor Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989 . Reem Acra Fall 2013 . Golden at the Golden Globes . Visit site . Well kids , it 's official . Awards season has begun . Last night the Golden Globes kicked off the seemingly never ending round of red carpet events that will keep us entertained for the next two months . And one our favourite actresses stayed on theme for the night in a golden dress . Robin Wright , who won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards , wore a slinky dress from Reem Acra 's Fall 2013 collection and looked stunning in it . The halter neck showed off her toned shoulders while the sparkly sheen worked beautifully against her skin tone and blonde crop . Reem Acra is a red carpet favourite and often chosen by the A-list for their big nights . Olivia Wilde , Taylor Swift , Beyoncé and Zooey Deschanel all love her feminine designs that effortlessly mix colour and a striking silhouette . If you have a big event coming up that requires a statement dress then you ca n't go wrong in a metallic maxi . Try sequins at Belle Badgley Mischka and Aidan Mattox or channel Robin 's halter neck style at Jill Stuart . Then add a box clutch but keep jewellery to a minimum so the dress does all the talking . Belle Badgley Mischka Sequin Cocktail Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 113.40 ! -RRB- at Dillard 's . Visit site . Jill Jill Stuart Pleated Halter Dress at Shopbop . Visit site . Laundry by Shelli Segal Beaded-Neckline Blouson Dress at Saks Fifth Avenue . Visit site . Aidan Mattox Beaded Halter Gown . Visit site . Robin and Sean Penn were officially divorced in 2010 following nearly twenty years of marriage , during which they had two children , daughter Dylan Penn , 24 , now a fashion model and son Hopper Penn , 21 , an actor . It 's a well documented case , Robin 's eschewing of fame to raise to her children instead . But does she have any regrets ? Now that she 's had another taste of on-screen success thanks to her role as power-hungry First Lady Claire Underwood , does she wish she had n't given it all up so easily twenty years ago ? Nope , not at all , the actress has revealed in an interview with Giles Hattersley for the The Sunday Times Style magazine . Talking about choosing between fame and family , when big movie offers were reportedly pouring in off the back of Forest Gump 's success , Robin has said that it was an easy decision to make . ` I do n't look back and think , ` F *** , I missed putting my kids to bed for four straight years because I was in the theatre . ' Playing First Lady Claire Underwood in hit American TV series House of Cards , Robin has found acting success for the second time , already winning a Golden Globe for Best TV Actress . Sean Penn and Charlize Theron made their relationship public last summer , and are now rumoured to be engaged . It 'll be Penn 's third marriage , following his divorces from Madonna in 1989 and Robin Wright in 2010 . Making reference to her famous decline of a big interview with Vanity Fair , along with starring roles in Robin Hood : Prince Of Thieves alongside Kevin Costner , and Batman Forever with Val Kilmer , Robin says she was never even interested . ` I did n't want to work four movies in a year and be on every magazine cover . Six months away ? Bullshit . Do n't have kids ! ' The actress , who did make an arguably notable appearance in another of Costner 's movies , Message In A Bottle , instead says the time she spent at home with her two children , daughter Dylan , now 24 , and son Hopper , now 21 , was a gift in itself . Robin Wright and Sean Penn 's daughter Dylan is an aspiring actress and fashion model , enjoying her first taste of success with a recent campaign for Italian fashion designer Ermanno Scervino . 1994 tear-jerker Forest Gump earned Robin a Golden Globe nomination and a fistful of major movie role offers , but she turned her back on a high profile Hollywood career after discovering she was pregnant . Now that her full-time mothering is done and the kids have flown the nest however , it appears Robin is back with a power dressing bang . Her role as Kevin Spacey 's on-screen wife has already won her a Golden Globe for Best TV Actress , and her House Of Cards wardrobe has inspired millions of women around the globe . Not to mention her kick-ass attitude and short blonde crop . Robin 's role as Kevin Spacey 's on-screen wife has already won her a Golden Globe for Best TV Actress . Clare Underwood 's powerful House Of Cards wardrobe has inspired millions of women around the globe . ` I feel really good about being a little bit elusive . It 's paid off , ' she says of her mid-life success . It 's not just her acting career that 's had a rejuvenation , however . Following her 2010 divorce from Sean Penn , who is now dating Charlize Theron and rumoured to be engaged , Robin has bagged herself a empowering attitude to ageing , plus a fiance , Ben Foster , 14 years her junior . Robin sasy that she has no regrets about delaying her career , or her split from Penn. . The 49-year-old recently told Vanity Fair magazine that her sex life with 34-year-old fiance , actor Ben Foster , is extraordinary . Declaring that she ` loves ' being older , after celebrating her 49th birthday earlier this month , Robin is fast becoming an icon for women everywhere . Along with the continued success of House Of Cards , thedue to star in upcoming film Everest alongside Jake Gyllenhaal and Keira Knightley later this year . She 's also launching a line of pyjamas called Pour les Femmes , the proceeds of which will help fund charities working in the Congo to help rape victims rebuild their lives . Maid Marian in Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves was eventually played by actress Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio , after Robin turned it down upon discovering she was pregnant with her first child , daughter Dylan . Robin did star alongside Kevin Costner in later film Message In A Bottle in 199 , one of the few movies she made while raising her two children Dylan and Hopper Penn .