Arrested : Doug Hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt and charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . The postal carrier who flew a gyrocopter onto the lawn of the U.S. Capitol is facing two criminal charges . But he 's being released from federal custody to return to Florida . Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday . That 's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol 's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall . He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . Hughes said it was a political protest . Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week . In a soft voice , Hughes appeared to ask the judge a clarifying question about that obligation but otherwise he did not say anything significant . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter ` apparently literally flew in under the radar , ' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why . Johnson said it 's too soon to say whether Wednesday 's incident should prompt changes in security procedures . ` I want to know all the facts before I reach an assessment of what can and should be done about gyrocopters in the future , ' he said . But lawmakers said the incident exposed a gap in security , especially amid revelations that the pilot , Florida postal worker Doug Hughes , was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago . The agency apparently determined he did not pose a threat , said Rep. Elijah Cummings , d-md . , the senior Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . Cummings spoke Thursday with the Secret Service director . ` I think that there 's absolutely a gap , and it 's a very dangerous gap , with regard to our airspace , ' Cummings said . ` I do n't want people to get a message that they can just land anywhere . Suppose there was a bomb or an explosive device on that air vehicle ? That could have been a major catastrophe . ' How 'd it happen ? Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter ` apparently literally flew in under the radar , ' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why . Approach : The small gyro-copter -LRB- circled in red -RRB- lands on the West Lawn of the Capitol in Washington as members of the public walk by . The stunt has n't cost him his freedom , yet , but means he must check in with authorities every week as he awaits trial . Johnson said the Secret Service passed along the information from the interview with Hughes , who was to appear in court Thursday afternoon , to ` all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies . ' House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi , d-calif . , called the incident ` stunning . ' ` What safeguards can we use ? We do n't want to be a place where we 're saying ` This is an iron-clad Capitol . ' And have such restrictions on people having access to it , ' Pelosi told reporters . ` Nonetheless , we have to ensure the safety of those people . ' The tiny , open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone , but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , right up to the Capitol . Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics , and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic . ` We are a democracy . We do n't have fences around our airspace , so we 've got to find the right balance between living in a free and open society and security and the protection of federal buildings , ' Johnson told reporters on Capitol Hill . ` And so we want to stay one step ahead of every incident like this , but then again , you do n't want to overreact , either . ' Still , lawmakers questioned why , if authorities had been in touch with Hughes , no action was taken to stop him . Practice run : Doug Hughes flies his gyrocopter near the Wauchula Municipal Airport in Wauchula , Florida prior to his ` insane ' stunt on Wednesday . Before Doug Hughes made headlines by flying his open air helicopter onto the U.S. Capitol grounds , he blogged about his intention to undertake the ` non-violent demonstration . ' Though , it may have been a demonstration years in the making . In a post dated September 2013 on the democracyclub.org , a writer called Tampadoug47 wrote : . Let me say first -- this is a non-violent demonstration . I have no intention of hurting anyone -- I have taken every precaution to prevent any injury to anyone , including me . There is no way I can prevent over-reaction by the authorities , but I have given them as much information and advance warning as my fuel supply allows . When I took off , I was over an hour away from the no-fly zone . The demonstration is about restoring democracy . Corruption in Washington DC has robbed the US citizens of the representative government that is our birthright . Polls show that the public is aware of the problem and VERY concerned , but they are largely uninformed that there is a solution and there are organizations prepared to make reform a reality . As a result of this flight , two things will happen . -LRB- I hope . -RRB- First , we 're going to change the narrative -- the story . Voters are going to quit being played like suckers with divisive hot-button issues and come together on a single issue . Honest government . Congress wo n't start working for you or me when their big paycheck is from big business . Lobbyists , Special Interests , Unions . We have to make this happen . The political parties wo n't . Congress sure wo n't . Lobbyists love the status quo . The mainstream media -LRB- not the local media -RRB- is making a financial killing with mega-elections . It 's up to us . Second , in every Congressional race in 2016 , I want every candidate to take a stand on corruption . After this flight , we 're going to define exactly what reform means -- set a written standard -- and it 's that standard which candidates will have to endorse . Or the candidate will have to defend to voters why he took a lesser position . The candidate who only wants to talk ` reform ' but wo n't endorse the real deal will be facing someone who will endorse real reform . That may be in the primary or the general election . Giving you a choice is our job . The clear choice , establishment or reform , will be in place in just a year for just over 460 congressional races . You get to choose -LRB- That 's your job as a voter . -RRB- but for the first time in decades , you will have a meaningful choice . What do I want from you ? Look over your options on the previous screen or the ` Honor Roll ' on the sidebar to the right . Rootstrikers or Wolf PAC or Represent.US . My favorite group is n't listed there -- it 's my own startup group : ` The Civilist Papers ` . Find a group -LRB- or groups -RRB- that you are comfortable with and sign up . We 're not after money -- we want to know who you are and where you are so we can keep you informed . Protest flight : Doug Hughes took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building . ` My concerns are the prior notice that he was going to do this and the lack of response , ' said Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . ` These small aircraft or UAV devices concern me because they could go undetected and cause damage , so that 's something we 're taking a look at , ' McCaul said , adding he might hold hearings on the issue . Cummings and others also complained that they were not notified of the incident and that many first learned of it from the news media . Johnson defended existing protocols for dealing with the restricted airspace over Washington , D.C. , federal buildings and monuments . ` We 've got a well-coordinated federal response to dealing with issues of those who penetrate the restricted airspace without permission , ' he said . He said his first reaction on hearing of the incident was to ask , ` What 's a gyrocopter ? ' It 's not unusual for a small aircraft like a gyrocopter to go undetected by conventional radar . Unlike most larger aircraft , a gyrocopter does n't have a transponder that identifies the aircraft , its altitude and heading . Even without a transponder , radar can detect ` primary targets ' - planes , flocks of birds , rain and other objects . But how well it can detect those objects depends upon several factors . The landing on the Capitol grounds ` just illustrates how hard it is to have an impermeable barrier . It 's very hard to hermetically seal airspace , ' said John Hansman , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology aeronautics professor . Evidence : The illegally landed craft was piloted by Florida mailman Doug Hughes to protest against government corruption and to promote campaign finance reform . Evidence : The illegally landed craft was piloted by Florida mailman Doug Hughes to protest against government corruption and to promote campaign finance reform .