A couple died in an apparent murder suicide after they got into a violent confrontation which turned deadly inside a home in Oklahoma . Preston Wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , Sarah Owen , 21 , after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman . Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 Madra Street when the argument escalated . Scroll down for video . Tragic : Sarah Owen , 21 , pictured , was attacked by her boyfriend Preston Wright , 23 , with a knife , then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman , Oklahoma . House : Officers from Norman Police were met by a boy , thought to be Wright 's brother , at a house on 3417 Madra Street , he told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation inside the home . Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation , according to News 9 . Once inside the residence , officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house . According to the man 's younger brother he was helping Owen move her belongings out of the garage - including furniture - into a van when an argument broke out . Eyewitness Eugene Rhoden , 49 , lives across the street and told News 9 that he saw the woman , pull up to the house shortly after 3 p.m. in a van to get some of her belongings from her ex-boyfriend . ` She was wanting her stuff . She had items in the house or in the garage , and apparently she had broken up with the boyfriend . ' However the couple began arguing on the porch for a while before she was allowed into the garage to remove some things . Rhoden said he heard the couple arguing again , and then he thought everything had died down as they both went inside . Death : Officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as Sarah Owen , pictured , and boyfriend Preston Wright lay dead on the floor . Eyewitness : Eugene Rhoden , 49 , pictured , lives across the street and told News 9 that he saw the woman , pull up to the house shortly after 3 p.m. in a van to get some of her belongings from her ex-boyfriend . Norman police spokesman Captain Tom Easley said : ` The male had killed his girlfriend using a knife and then turned the weapon on himself ' However , shortly afterwards , someone from inside the home dialed 911 and Rhoden saw the police make their way up the street with their guns drawn shouting ` police ! Police found the couple dead with knife wounds and evidence indicates that the man attacked the woman with a knife and then turned the weapon on himself . Norman police spokesman Captain Tom Easley said : ` The male had killed his girlfriend using a knife and then turned the weapon on himself . ` It 's tragic and a lot of people are going to be affected by this . Hugh Brown lives next door to the deceased couple with his grandchildren . He said : ` I 'm just in awe of it all because they seemed like good neighbors . '