It has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill . Now New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` Spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug . Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week . The cannabinoid , also commonly called ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri . State health alert : New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that ` Spice ' , also known as ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8 , 120 of them in one week . ` Synthetic drugs are anything but harmless , and this rash of severe health emergencies across the state is direct proof , ' Governor Cuomo said , according to The Hudson Valley News Network . ` We banned synthetic marijuana , bath salts and similar substances to avoid the disastrous results that occur -- and as law enforcement and health officials continue to crack down on the use and sale of these drugs in New York , we are today issuing a health alert as a warning amidst this surge in hospitalizations . ' Symptoms can range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness , according to the New York State Department of Health . ` Young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging , but they are not made for human consumption , ' New York Alcohol and Substance Abuse Service s Commissioner Arlene Gonzalez Sanchez told KOCO . ` They are dangerous and can have significant , long-term effects on the brain . ' But the same problem is occurring all over the U.S. Critically ill : This photo shows Jeff Stallings , who was placed in medically-induced coma alongside his older brother , Joey , after taking synthetic marijuana on APril 6 in his hometown of McComb , Mississippi . On life support : The siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . Above , Joey . Dangerous : The cannabinoid , also commonly called ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over the counter as incense or potpourri . Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise in Spcie usage and said there had been 98 overdoses in the previous month . Synthetic marijuana a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to traditional marijuana . It is nicknamed Spice , Mojo , K2 , Yucatan Fire , Solar Flare and Bliss , among other things . The drug is typically smoked by users . It does not give positive results in tests for cannabis . Because the herbs and chemicals in synthetic marijuana vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking . They also can not tell what concentrations they are taking - which can lead to fatal overdoses . Unlike pot , Spice can cause a huge range of symptoms , many of which can be severe . These include tremors , paranoia , seizures , vomiting , hallucinations , chest pain , cardiac problems , kidney damage and brain damage . Meanwhile in Mississippi , there were 97 cases over eight days in April , according to CNN . Two of these Mississippi cases were Jeff and Joey Stallings , brothers who were hospitalized April 6 after smoking Spice . The siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill after smoking the drug , which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . They were hospitalized within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . They had to be put on life support . Fortunately both were able to fight for their lives and were allowed home on April 13 . Jeff Stallings , however , has suffered permanent kidney damage . Last year , California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . Connor , 19 , fell asleep after taking the drug . His brain , deprived of oxygen , began to swell and he slipped into a coma . He was declared brain dead at Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach hours later . A deadly case : Last year , California teen Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . Above , Connor is pictured brain dead , surrounded by his family , shortly before his organs were donated . ` He gave into -LRB- peer pressure -RRB- - thinking that it was okay , it was somehow safe - and one hit later , he goes to sleep and never wakes up , ' Connor 's father , Devin Eckhardt told KTLA at the time . Doctors were unable to detect spice in Connor 's system - there is no way to trace its everchanging components . However , they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket . Connor 's family donated his organs after his death , in accordance with the teenager 's wishes . They later created a Facebook page to warn others about the perils of synthetic marijuana . ` Connor Eckhardt died after taking ONE HIT of synthetic marijuana -LRB- SPICE , K2 , POTpourri -RRB- . This dangerous substance is legal . Help us save lives by sharing , ' read a post on the page .