Crime gangs from Eastern Europe are operating here with ` impunity ' due to EU free movement rules , a disturbing report warns today . Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK , including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia . The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages . In some cases , ` customers ' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant . The migrants -- desperate for a foothold in Britain -- then claim they have a human right to a family life in the UK to raise the child . Vicious : A menacing Eastern European gang leader with his Rottweiler . Crime gangs from Eastern Europe are operating here with ` impunity ' due to EU free movement rules , a disturbing report warns today . The Centre for Social Justice report , written by a former senior aide to Home Secretary Theresa May , is based on interviews with senior police and officials in Britain and overseas . It offers a deeply disturbing insight into how , since the EU expanded to include former Eastern Bloc members in 2004 , a huge market has opened up in what it calls the ` modern slave trade ' . In the past , trafficking gangs had to bring in migrants from outside the EU -- which meant they would need to pass through border controls . But they are now able to target people in impoverished communities in Slovakia , Poland , Romania and Bulgaria with open access to Britain . Migrants are duped into believing they are travelling to the UK for work and enter the country legally under the EU 's Free Movement Directive . The traffickers then seize control of their bank accounts and travel documents , and force them to work in often gruesome conditions . The report , written by former Home Office special adviser Fiona Cunningham , says : ` One of the most serious unintended consequences of free movement in the EU is that it has made it much easier for organised criminal gangs to operate their cross-border business models with impunity and without fear of being detected and therefore pursued . ' Significantly , the report has the backing of Mrs May , who has written the foreword . She has been one of the Cabinet ministers pushing for curbs on EU free movement -- including restrictions on countries whose level of wealth is far below that of Britain . Limits : Home Secretary Theresa May , pictured , has been one of the Cabinet ministers pushing for curbs on EU free movement -- including restrictions on countries whose level of wealth is far below that of Britain . The report also warns of Eastern European girls -- aged 15 to 25 -- being brought to Britain and forced into prostitution , benefit fraud or sham weddings to Asian men seeking a right to remain in the UK . Manchester , Birmingham and Gretna are identified as hotspots -- with Scotland targeted so the victims can marry at a younger age . Shockingly , the report found girls were sold to ` customers ' for pregnancy so the buyer could claim he had an article 8 right to a family life in the UK . Europol , the EU 's crime fighting agency , has identified particular problems with children being brought into the UK from Slovakia . Voters want the Tories to be far tougher on mass immigration , a major survey revealed last night . Barely one in ten Britons say they are satisfied with David Cameron 's border policies . The poll by Ipsos MORI suggests this unhappiness may explain why large numbers of Conservatives are switching to Ukip . The findings will heap pressure on the Prime Minister to end his silence on immigration during the election campaign . He has not mentioned his party 's manifesto pledges to curb EU free movement , deport more illegals and tag foreign criminals . Yet a large proportion of voters believe politicians are talking too little about migration . Blow for Cameron : A new Ipsos MORI survey reveals the huge levels of dissatisfaction with the Government 's handing of immigration , especially among former Tory supporters who now plan to vote Ukip . Major issue : Just 12 per cent of all voters are satisfied with the handling of immigration , falling to just 1 per cent of Ukip supporters . Above , charts based on results from the Ipsos MORI survey . They are kept under the influence of drink and drugs , to make them easier to control , then sold for sex . Police in Kent said that , in a single day , 16 such children were taken into care . The report adds : ` Pregnant women are sometimes recruited and forced to sell their babies . ' Action : Mr Cameron has also pledged to crack down on abuse of the benefits system by EU nationals . Romania and Hungry were also identified as countries from which criminal gangs are trafficking women for sex . Women who are brought to the UK and forced to work in the sex industry are often moved from city to city , with their services advertised online . One website featured 1,000 women based in London . The report calls on the EU to implement a new system of passenger name records so there is a better chance of tracking people smugglers and their victims who travel by air . But this is being blocked by the EU on privacy grounds . It would also alert the authorities if a suspected people smuggler was headed towards the UK with a child . The report says : ` Exploiting the internet and borders made less defined due to European Union policies like free movement , organised crime groups find the trafficking of victims a highly lucrative and accessible crime . ' The Home Office has estimated that , in any given year , there are between 10,000 and 13,000 victims of human trafficking in the UK . In the last Parliament , the Tories passed Europe 's first Modern Slavery Act . Traffickers involved in the most serious cases now face possible life sentences . David Cameron has also pledged to crack down on abuse of the benefits system by EU nationals . In November 2013 , he announced new rules stipulating that incomers can receive out-of-work benefits only once they have been living in the country for three months . UK benefits scam builds a Slovak village . By Ian Drury , Home Affairs Correspondent for the Daily Mail . A crime gang from Slovakia duped unsuspecting families into travelling to the UK so they could scam hundreds of thousands of pounds in benefits -- and send the cash back to a village known as ` Smartie Town ' . The profits were funnelled to the 1,000-year-old village of Pavlovce nad Uhom in the Michalove district of Slovakia where they were used to build houses . The homes are partly funded by the UK taxpayer and local residents have nicknamed them ` Smarties ' after the chocolate sweets because the houses are painted brightly and in different colours . Vivid : A house in so-called Smartie Town , where a crime gang funnelled profits from a benefits scam . Homes in the 1,000-year-old village , such as the one pictured above , are partly funded by the UK taxpayer . When the gang feared UK officials might become suspicious , they changed tactics -- sending the migrants to Canada instead to claim asylum and state support there . The victims , expecting to work legally , had been transported to Britain in coaches . But once they were across the border , the criminals seized their passports and other documents and forced them into domestic servitude , slave labour and welfare fraud -- signing up for several state handouts including tax credits . Gang members arranged housing and took their victims to open high street bank accounts using a ` translator ' who was also in on the lucrative scam . Benefits were then paid into accounts in the names of the victims but controlled by the traffickers . Scam : Three Slovakian crooks , including Darina Balogova , pictured , raked in £ 1.2 million by bringing ` fake mothers ' to Britain to claim benefits falsely . The sums of money made by the Eastern Europeans from trafficking victims using this kind of exploitation were huge . In another case , three Slovakian con artists raked in £ 1.2 million by bringing ` fake mothers ' to Britain to claim benefits falsely . They persuaded women from their home country to live in the UK and fraudulently claim child and working tax benefits . The family splashed the vast amounts of cash they pocketed on a life of luxury , gambling in casinos and going on spending sprees to buy gold and diamonds . The crooks -- Darina Balogova , her husband Marek Balog , and brother Jaroslav Bado -- pulled off one of the largest welfare scams of its kind from a terraced house in Chatham , Kent . Up to 50 women were brought to Britain under freedom of movement rules and groomed to claim falsely that they were working for a temp agency on low wages so they could receive tax credits . After the gang had exploited the identities of the women , they allowed them to return to Slovakia , retaining control of their bank accounts , passports , national insurance cards and birth certificates . Balogova -- who never worked a day after arriving in Britain -- kept around £ 30,000 in cash at their headquarters in nearby Rochester . At least £ 60,000 in stolen benefits were transferred back home . But the scam was finally exposed when the criminals began using a high street stationer 's receipt books to write bogus payslips for the women . HM Revenue & Customs inspectors noticed they were using the same employee number on all the slips . In November 2011 , at Maidstone Crown Court the gang were jailed for tax credit fraud and money laundering . Balogova was sentenced to four-and-a-half years , while Balog was given three-and-a-half years and Bado three years . Con artists : Balogova , her husband Marek Balog , left , and brother Jaroslav Bado , right , persuaded women from their home country to live in the UK and fraudulently claim child and working tax benefits .