Lindsay Lohan has been living in London for the past year and says she likes it so much , she does n't see herself returning to the States any time soon . The 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a West End production of David Mamet 's Speed The Plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the UK for the foreseeable future . ` -LSB- London -RSB- feels like home , I miss it every time I have to leave for work and ca n't wait to get back , ' Lindsay told Homme Style Magazine while posing for a stunning and seductive shoot for the publication . ` I go back to NYC and LA for family and work . ' Scroll down for video . Staying put : Lindsay Lohan says she feels ` at home ' in London and has no plans to return to the States just yet . Fleur Du Mal Leather Corset . Available at Forward by Elyse Walker . Visit site . We have n't heard much from Lindsay in the US since she moved across the pond to London . But if her latest photo shoot for Homme Style magazine is any indication , she 's making a comeback in a major way . The Mean Girls star showed of her svelte figure in a series of racy ensembles by Moschino and Agent Provacateur . Here she poses wearing nothing but a Fleur Du Mal leather corset , La Perla panties , and a pair of Moschino gloves . Corsets were hot on the Spring runways at Givenchy and Versace and continue to be a wardrobe staple for sultry celebs like Madonna and Kim Kardashian . Lindsay 's leather number is available to purchase for just under $ 1,000 . That 's quite a big budget for lingerie , so we 've come up with some alternatives that are less pricey but still have major sex appeal . Style them with a pencil skirt and blazer on your next night out and all eyes will be on you . Jezebel Embrace Strapless Corset at JCPenney . Visit site . SPANX ® Boostie-Yay Camisole Corset at Bloomingdale 's . Visit site . L'Agent by Agent Provocateur ` Penelope ' Corset . Visit site . Noe Undergarments Ryan Leather Zip-Back Corset at Revolve -LRB- now $ 211 -RRB- . Visit site . On stage : The former child star recently appeared in a West End play and admitted she felt like the UK press treated her with respect . Lindsay , who found fame in The Parent Trap when she was just 11 years old , added that she is ` much happier ' in the city and is keen to build on that feeling of contentment in order to get her career back on track , after becoming better known in recent years for her off-screen antics more than her on-screen talents . Indeed , the time that she has spent in London has given her pause for thought -- and possibly a much-needed break from the Hollywood grind . ` I find that UK press is much more politically based . Where American press is much more focused on celebrities , ' she explained . ` Especially when doing a West End play , it 's a different respect that you hope to gain . ' I do n't place myself in the same `` situations '' as I used to . It also comes with time and age . ' New leaf ? Lindsay says she no longer finds herself in the ` situations ' she became famous for off-screen . Stripped : The 28-year-old posed in sexy lingerie for men 's fashion magazine Homme Style . ` Lace is always the best , and I feel beautiful in a night slip , ' she said . Saucy : Lindsay was more than comfortable to pose up in the luxurious lingerie . Lindsay added that London now feels like her real home and she insists she has no regrets about leaving Los Angeles , saying ` I do n't need to see it all over again . The last time I went to LA it was my friend 's birthday and we went to this karaoke place . ` It was the same people , the same faces , nothing had changed . It felt very un-evolved . ' As well as sitting down for an interview with Homme Style , which was curated by Akmal Shaukat , Lindsay also posed up for a provocative and risqué shoot with renowned fashion photographer Rankin , for which she donned several pieces of saucy lingerie -- something , she revealed , she was more than comfortable doing . ` I do love lingerie , ' she confessed . ` Lace is always the best , and I feel beautiful in a night slip . It 's fun to be girly and womanly . ' The Mean Girls star was due to finish her probation for a reckless driving charge last month , however she was ordered to complete another 125 hours of community service after she tried to pass off the time she spent performing on stage in London as ` volunteering ' . Out and about : Lindsay has been spotted on the town around London attending various premieres and fashion events . Talk of the town : Lindsay tweeted this selfie on Friday intended to show off the results of her new ` waist-training ' corset , but her followers accused the star of editing her curves . Last week , Lindsay was forced to deny that she is enjoying a romance with British reality star Jake Hall . According to UK newspaper The Sun , it was alleged the handsome star first went out with the Mean Girls actress in February and that they 've been in contact ever since , but any rumors of a tryst between the pair has since been denied by the Hollywood star 's representative . ` It is not true , ' the spokesperson confirmed to Daily Mail Online . And Jake himself has also denied that they are in a romance , adding that they are just friends . He told Daily Mail Online : ` We were not dating : we are friends . '