Rihanna is always ahead of the fashion curve . Which is why when the singer headed out to a restaurant in Santa Monica to eat on Tuesday night without a bra , she was most likely paying a nod to the latest trend - ditching the bra . In the past , the luxurious Italian eaterie would have probably raised eyebrows at the Bajan star 's attire , but in 2015 she is one of a number of celebrities who are deciding to ditch their underwear . Scroll down for video . When Rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in Santa Monica this weekend , she left her bra at home . The singer is one of h a growing number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their lingerie . These days , more and more stars are opting to ditch their bras when it comes to day-to-day clothing . Few women are unfamiliar with the joy of removing the bra after a long day on their feet . But it seems that in 2015 , this liberation now extends to clothing choices when out and about too . And the loose-and-fancy-free look is also a big feature on red carpets , with Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both leaving the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently . To see which celebrities are adopting the bra-less trend , read on ... Rita Ora flashed some flesh in a sheer top as she attended a Charli XCX gig in London last month . Kim Kardashian decided to leave her bra behind as she went out for a date with Kanye West in west Hollywood . Rose Huntington-Whiteley left the bra at home when she went out partying at Nice Guys nightclub in Hollywood last week with Orlando Bloom . Scout Willis looked every inch the happy hippie on a night out at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood last Sunday . Sophie Monk decided to go braless as she nipped out for a trip to the salon in Sydney last weekend . Rod Stewart 's daughter Ruby opted for a partially unbuttoned shirt with no bra while out shopping in LA on Tuesday . Amanda Holden caused a media frenzy when she went bra-less in a skintight khaki number at the Britain 's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham in February . Miranda Kerr used to earn a living modelling lingerie , but the star decided to ditch her bra as she did some errands in Santa Monica last month . Nicole Scherzinger ensured she was free to manoeuvre around the dancfeloor by leaving her bra at home for the Olivier Awards after party this weekend . Toni Braxton is 47 , but that did n't stop her ditching the bra and looking fabulous at a UNCF An Evening of Stars fundraiser on Tuesday night . 45 year old Rachel Hunter grinned for the cameras as she headed out to the shops in Cannes this week without her bra . If you 're feeling a little daring this season but find ditching your bra slightly daunting , Lydia Jones , who is CEO of online retailer wantherwardrobe.com , has some great tips for feeling confident and sexy in your new dress . - Invest in a pair of nipple covers from your local department store , these are great for creating a smooth look whilst also hiding any embarrassing moments during the colder weather ! - Body tape is great for keeping your plunging neckline or open sides in the right places so you feel comfortable and confident all night long - just make sure you invest in a higher market brand so the tape sticks on place . - Avoid light polyester fabrics in colours such as white and cream , these tend to go see-through and are difficult to reduce exposure . - Choose fabrics that have a heavier weight to them such as a crepe or cotton , these will avoid the risk of exposing any nipple covers or body tape and will stay in place much easier . - If you 're feeling a little exposed , try a longer hairstyle as this will cover you up slightly .