The three east London schoolgirls who fled the UK for Syria have joined a fearsome group of British female jihadis who run the lslamic State 's ultra-religious police force , it has been reported . Shamima Begum and Amira Abase , both 15 , and Kadiza Sultana , 16 , crossed over the Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa . Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade -- an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago -- and it is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS . Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons , the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa and spying on its citizens . They are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of the terror group 's adopted capital and has previously declared children as young as nine should be married , women should obey men -- who are their masters -- and remain ` hidden and veiled ' at all times . Scroll down for video . Exodus : Amira Abase -LRB- left -RRB- , 15 , and Kadiza Sultana -LRB- right -RRB- , 16 , also travelled to Istanbul from UK on February 17 before reportedly entering Syria - where they could now be under the control of deadly female insurgents . Life of terror : 15-year-old Shamima Begum -LRB- pictured -RRB- - one of three British teenagers who is now believed to be inside Syria - contacted Aqsa Mahmood who is considered to be one of the leaders of brutal all-woman militant group al-Khansa . Extreme beliefs : The al-Khansa Brigade -LRB- pictured with automatic weapons -RRB- has said children as young as nine should be encouraged to marry and it is women 's duty to obey men - who are their masters . Armed patrol : Chilling footage from inside ISIS ' adopted capital Raqqa revealed how the notorious women of al-Khansa patrol the streets with automatic weapons - while tending to their toddlers . According to Syrian activist group Raqqa is being Slaughtered Silently , the female fanatics are feared by local women , particularly due to their use of torture . The activist group claim imprisoned women are tortured using a device known as ` the biter ' , a iron bar with sharp jagged edges . Placed on the helpless woman 's chest , the serrated edges of the bar are pressed into the woman 's skin , causing deep lacerations . Such is the violence of the torture , some women reportedly slip into unconsciousness due to the pain . Aqsa Mahmoud , a 20-year-old woman from Glasgow who fled to Syria in 2013 , is reportedly the leader of an al Khansaa group known as ` Om Amara ' . Om Amara is reportedly a female foreign battalion , with just two Arabic speakers who mercilessly patrol the streets of Raqqa . Begum made contact with Mahmood , known as Umm Layth , on social media prior to departing for Turkey . Begum also used her Twitter account to follow two other members of the al-Khansa brigade known only by their Islamic names Umm Khattab and Umm Waqqas . In one of her recent tweets , Umm Waqqas advised British women on marriage in the Islamic State saying they should choose their jihadi fighters carefully and not to marry any ` Tom Dick or Harry ' . The British women jihadists in Syria have conducted a sustained recruitment campaign in the last few months and are thought to operate a woman-only jihadi route for European girls who are groomed to leave their Western lives for the caliphate . They use social media , including Tumblr , Twitter and Ask.fm to publish detailed , practical advice about how to adapt to life in Islamic State and suggest essential items that the teenage wannabe-jihadists will find useful when they arrive . Privately-educated Glaswegian Mahmood - along with Lewisham-born Khadijah Dare , 22 - are thought to be helping patrol Raqqa with guns and daggers hidden beneath their robes . Terror leader : Aqsa Mahmood -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who was reported missing by her Scottish parents in 2013 , is now a prominent member of a dangerous all-woman police force that dishes out savage beatings on the streets of Raqqa , Syria . Shocking : In 2014 , Aqsa Mahmood posted this photograph of her holding the severed head of a Syrian man executed for criminal acts in Syria as young children looked on . Trained to kill : One of the Halane twins , who fled to Syria to marry ISIS fighters , tweeted this picture with the caption : ` Fun day training for self defence in the Islamic State with humble sisters ' Wrong hands : The three teenagers who recently fled to Syria are feared to be with the al-Khansa Brigade , who have been accused of oppressively monitoring the behaviour of women in the city . The group operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in the city and dishing out brutal punishments to anyone wearing shoes that are n't black , or those wearing veils made from the wrong material . Mahmood recently advised that the Syrian winter was even colder than what she had experienced in her native Scotland and suggested ` winter woolies ' were an essential . Seventeen-year-old British jihadi twins Salma and Zahra Halane from Manchester , who left for Syria in June last year , are thought to be with older British women who have taken on matriarchal roles within the group . They have been posting pictures on their Twitter accounts showing four al-Khansa women - veiled and armed with automatic weapons - undertaking ` self defence ' training . Umm Khattab started a Twitter account on June 27 - the day after Zahra and Salma Halane went missing from their home in Manchester to head for Syria . Jihadi brides : Zahra and Salma Halane , 17 , left their home in Chorlton , Manchester , to join the Al-Khansa Brigade in Syria in June last year - after becoming radicalised online . Shooting practice : One of the twins tweeted an image showing the women of Al-Khansa practising with their automatic weapons while dressed head-to-toe in black niqabs . Brain washed : The Halane twins have posted a number of pictures on their accounts where they are dressed completely in black and brandishing deadly weapons - just like their Al-Khansa sisters . Path of extremism : Yusra Hussein -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 16 , was also reported to have arrived in Syria in October and is also thought to have been mentored by British jihadists . She later tweeted : ` Missing twins -- chilling with one of them now ' , adding she had met ` many British girls ' since arriving in Syria . The female branch of ISIS also released an eye-opening manifesto stating Western women who join the terror group have a duty to wed a jihadi -- then spend their life cooking , cleaning and raising a family . Two other British schoolgirls , Yusra Hussien , 16 , from Bristol and Samya Dirie , 17 , from south London , who were reported to have arrived in Syria last October , are also thought to have been mentored by the British jihadists . Brutal patrols : The duties of the all-woman jihadi group include the strict enforcement of sharia law dress code as well as searching burka-clad women to ensure they are not enemy fighters in disguise . Jihadi bride : Another Briton who left Britain to join ISIS is Lewisham-born Khadijah Dare -LRB- left , with her Swedish terrorist husband Abu Bakr -RRB- . Muslim society : Members of the all-female Al-Khansa Brigade are seen walking in their adopted capital of Raqqa in Syria . Security services say that 600 British Muslims have gone to fight in Syria and around 60 of them are young women . According to the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium , a US-based monitoring group , al-Khansa was set up by ISIS commanders in Raqqa , northern Syria , in February last year . Its members dress in black robes , wear a full face veil and are paid a monthly salary of 25,000 Syrian pounds - about £ 100 . Their duties include the strict enforcement of sharia law dress code as well as searching burka-clad women to ensure they are not enemy fighters in disguise . Uniform : Al-Khansa 's members dress in black robes , wear a full face veil and are paid a monthly salary of 25,000 Syrian pounds - about £ 100 . Deadly : British members of the female militant group are the most extreme members of the group and are responsible making barbaric threats against Britain . Mahmood , who once studied radiography at Glasgow Caledonian University , is regarded as one of the leaders of the group of British female jihadists . She was reported missing by her parents over a year ago before surfacing in Syria last February as an outspoken supporter of the terrorist group . In her tweets , she urged Muslim men and women who could not come to fight to instead commit terrorist atrocities at home , praising the brutal murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby in Woolwich , the bombing of the Boston Marathon and the shooting of soldiers at Fort Hood in Texas . ` If you can not make it to the battlefield , then bring the battlefield to yourself , ' she tweeted .