As part of its commitment to diversity and inclusion , Microsoft has launched a recruitment drive for people with autism . The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome to be based at the firm 's Redmond offices in Washington . If successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide . The pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft 's Redmond offices in Washington -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne . The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith , corporate vice president or worldwide operations . Microsoft is running the scheme with support from Specialisterne and the announcement was made on the company 's official blog by Mary Ellen Smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations . Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn . She wrote : ` At Microsoft , we believe that diversity enriches our performance , our products and services , the communities where we live and work , and the lives of our employees . ` We have been committed to enabling people with disabilities to be successful for a long time -LSB- and -RSB- this week we announced another exciting effort , a new pilot program with Specialisterne , focused on hiring people with autism for full-time , Redmond-based Microsoft positions . ` It 's early days but we 're excited to get going and we know we 'll learn a lot along the way . ' Autism is a neurological disorder that affects how a person communicates , and relates to , other people . It can also affect how they make sense of the world around them . People with autism typically have trouble communicating , looking people in the eye , and can get upset by loud noises or bright lights . They may also have a sensitivity to touch , tastes , smells and colours . In particular , many autistic people like order and predictability . Autism is a spectrum condition , which means that while all people with autism share certain difficulties , their condition affects them in different ways . Some people with autism , for example , are able to live relatively independent lives but others may have accompanying learning disabilities and need specialist support . Asperger syndrome is a form of autism and people with the syndrome are often of average or above average intelligence . They have fewer problems with speech but may still have difficulties with understanding and processing language . Specialisterne is based in Denmark and the UK and specialises in recruiting people with autism across varies industries . Autism is a neurological disorder that affects how a person communicates , and relates to , other people . It can also affect how they make sense of the world around them . People with autism typically have trouble communicating , looking people in the eye , and can get upset by loud noises or bright lights . Autism is a spectrum condition , which means that while all people with autism share certain difficulties , their condition affects them in different ways . Some people with autism , for example , are able to live relatively independent lives but others may have accompanying learning disabilities and need specialist support . Asperger syndrome is a form of autism and people with the syndrome are often of average or above average intelligence . They have fewer problems with speech but may still have difficulties with understanding and processing language . In the UK , charity Papworth Trust is similarly working to improve employment prospects for people with autism , as well as other disablities . Its Work Programme helps people with disabilities write CVs , prepare for interviews and find suitable roles . And people can complete work-based training or qualifications at the centre to help them learn new skills , get work experience and find a job . ` Like any employee , each disabled person is a great asset when they 're given chance to develop skills , ' said the Cambridgeshire charity . Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn . She wrote : ` At Microsoft , we believe that diversity enriches our performance , our products and services , the communities where we live and work , and the lives of our employees . It 's early days but we 're excited to get going and we know we 'll learn a lot along the way . ' Technology industries are said to be suited to people with autism because of how they respond to gadgets and software . At a young age , for example , experts are finding that simple , carefully constructed apps are enabling affected children to feel safe and communicate more readily because the software is more predictable and ordered than human interaction . Rhiannan Walton , 32 , from West London has been a speech and language therapist for eight years . She began using technology in her therapy sessions with autistic children approximately 18 months ago . ` Technology responds in the same way every time ; you press a button and it responds how you expect it to , ' Walton told MailOnline . ` This particularly appeals to autistic children who can become scared and confused by unpredictability . ' While Vicki Clarke , owner and president of Dynamic Therapy Associates in Georgia added : ` People are messy and computers are neat . ` For our friends with autism , this consistency is easy to understand and comforting . '