There looked to be so much bend on Leo Messi 's shot on the half hour at the Nou Camp on Wednesday night that if there had been no net to stop the ball it would kept on curling until it ended up back at the great man 's feet . The Argentine scored his 33rd league goal of the season against Almeria and with Marc Bartra heading in either side of two Luis Suarez goals - the first of which was almost a match for Messi 's strike - Barcelona ran out comfortable 4-0 winners . Messi 's opener was one of those fantasy football goals that have become so common place they are now being taken for granted . Barcelona star duo Luis Suarez -LRB- right -RRB- and Lionel Messi embrace as Barcelona take a seven-point lead in La Liga . The Barcelona No 10 loses his markers in the Almeria penalty area before finishing with a trademark curled strike . Barcelona talisman Messi wheels away after opening the scoring at the Nou Camp during a 4-0 victory over Almeria . Suarez followed Messi 's lead by scoring a similar left-footed strike to double the Catalans lead with the first of his two goals . Barcelona defender Marc Bartra stuffs the ball under his shirt after netting a third with a headed goal on 75minutes . Barcelona -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Bravo ; Alves , Bartra , Mascherano , Adriano ; Sergi Roberto , Xavi , Rakitic ; Messi , Suarez , Pedro . Subs : Ter Stegen , Montoya , Mathieu , Pique , Iniesta , Rafinha , Neymar . Booked : Mascherano . Scorer : Messi 33 ' , Suarez 55 ' , Bartra 75 ' , Suarez 90 ' Almeria -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Julian ; Ximo Navarro , Marin , Trujillo , Casado ; Partey , Corona ; Wellington Silva -LRB- Soriano -RRB- , Espinosa -LRB- Mane -RRB- , Edgar -LRB- Zongo -RRB- ; Bifouma . Subs : Ruben , Jurado , Azeez , Hemed . Booke : Casado . Some grumbled that Almeria 's defence could have done more as he ambled in from the right touchline and sent his shot past Julián Cuesta in the visitors ' goal . Other defences might have gone chasing the Barça number 10 and been left on the seats of their shorts , Almeria 's rearguard tried to hold a line just in front of the six-yard box but Messi 's left foot shot whipped past them and bulged the back of Cuesta 's net . Not to be outdone , Suarez first goal of the night was similar drifting in from the right on to a Dani Alves pass and finding Cuesta 's top right-hand corner just as his team-mate had before the break . Defender Bartra added a third and Suarez scored his second with the last kick of the game as Barcelona stayed clear at the top with now just eight matches to play . Suarez deserved his second half goals having been the brightest light for the home side early on . When a Rakitic through-ball put him in he should have scored . Perhaps surprised by the fact that the flag had not been raised his shot was smothered by Cuesta . Almeria were playing their first game under the management of Sergi Barjuan who played over 400 games for Barça and coached in their youth academy when his opposite number Luis Enrique was in charger of the B-team . They almost scored with a Wellington Silva cross-shot that just crept past Claudio Bravo 's far post after Pedro got a touch to it . They were breaking quickly with the pace of former West Brom loanee Thievy Bifouma always a threat . Barcelona responded with Sergio Roberto finding Messi in space on the right but after he accelerated into the area he gave possession away with an uncharacteristically heavy touch . Pedro wrapped a cross-shot just wide of Cuesta 's goal but still there was no breakthrough . It should have come on 24 minutes . Almeria keeper Julian Cuesta uses any means necessary to keep the ball away from former Liverpool forward Luis Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- . Barcelona stalwart Xavi -LRB- right -RRB- watches on as team-mate Messi tries a rare attempt using his head . Spain international Pedro -LRB- centre -RRB- was given an opportunity after Neymar was dropped to the bench to cope with hectic schedule . Everyone on the pitch can only watch as Messi 's stunning left-foot strike curls into the bottom corner of the net . Brazil full-back Dani Alves rushes to congratulate team-mate Messi after he gives Barcelona a first half lead . The Argentina phenomenon celebrates scoring his 33rd league goal of the season so far . Barcelona were without Neymar , resting on the bench alongside Gerard Pique , but Messi , Suarez and Pedro should have linked to score on 24 minutes . Messi weaved in from the right flank , Suarez got the better of Angel Trujillo and pulled the ball back across the face of the six-yard box but Pedro failed to anticipate the pass and it ran to safety . It looked as if Barcelona would reach half-time without the breakthrough then Messi broke through and Almeria 's resistance was broken for good . Thievy raced away and Mascherano risked a straight red by barging him off the ball as he looked like leaving the Argentine and the covering Sergi Roberto behind . He was shown a yellow and Almeria wasted the free-kick but they offered little going forward after the break . When Suarez scored 10 minutes into the second half only Barcelona 's unwillingness to go up through the gears kept the score down . Bartra headed in goal number three with what was Barcelona 's 14th set-piece goal of the season before Suarez made it four . With set-piece strikes Coach Luis Enrique and his assistant Juan Carlos Unzue have managed to add a new weapon to the Barcelona armoury . If they do n't do you with the magic of Messi and Suarez then they do you from a dead ball . Almeria had succumbed to all three threats . Former France and Barcelona defender Eric Abidal -LRB- centre -RRB- was at the Nou Camp to watch his old team . Suarez takes a leaf from Messi 's book by cutting in from the right before unleashing a stunning left-footed shot . Goalscorers Suarez and Messi embrace after taking a 2-0 lead on 55minutes at the Nou Camp . Suarez leaps into Messi 's arms after the pair 's sensational opening strikes put the hosts in control . Barcelona manager Luis Enrique , who was coming up against former team-mate in Almeria manager Sergi Barjuan , instructs his team . Young defender Bartra -LRB- left -RRB- heads home at the far post to stretch Barcelona 's lead to 3-0 going into the final 15minutes . Veteran midfielder Xavi stumbles under pressure from Almeria players as Barcelona look to see out the game . Suarez wheels away after tapping in his second from close range in injury time to complete the 4-0 rout . The Uruguay international thanks winger Pedro for finding him with the cross for Barcelona 's final goal .