Three people were killed and eight were injured when a van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened 300 feet off an interstate and down an embankment in northeast Georgia on Monday . The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday , the Georgia State Patrol said . Authorities have confirmed three deaths , according to Georgia State Patrol Captain Mark Perry . A van carrying 12 people from South Carolina for a heavy metal show in Atlanta careened off the road Monday morning , killing three and injuring eight . The driver of the 15-passenger van ` apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side , Georgia State Patrol Cpl Scott Smith said . Members of the Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville , Alabama-based band Wormreich were in the van . Eight others were injured , the Georgia Department of Public Safety said in a statement late Monday morning . Their conditions were n't available . The van 's driver ` apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side , ' Georgia State Patrol Cpl. Scott Smith told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . The occupants of the van , from Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Alabama-based Wormreich , were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians ' equipment , Smith told the Atlanta newspaper . The three men who died were ejected from the vehicle , according to Fox5 . The van 's driver was not injured , Young said , adding that families of those involved were still being notified . Wormreich and Khaotika -LRB- pictured together -RRB- had been to Chicago , St Louis and Spartanburg , South Carolina on tour . The driver of the van was not injured in the crash 65 miles northeast of Atlanta , where Khaotika and Wormreich were scheduled to play Monday night . Above , unidentified people leave the scene . The conditions of those who survived Monday 's crash were not immediately available and families were still being notified . Band members had been travelling to a show in Atlanta Monday night , which has been cancelled . Kult ov Azazel , another metal band scheduled to appear at the show , said , ` The van carrying Wormreich and Khaotika was in a horrible accident this morning . We can not go into details due to respect to the families of the involved ' . The Atlanta show was the last stop on a tour for the metal groups that included Chicago , St Louis and Spartanburg , South Carolina . Wormreich is listed as a Black Metal band with lyrical interests in Satanism on a fan site and Khaotika is listed as a Gothic Metal group interested in the occult . Rick Hayes , husband of Khaotika singer Lariyah Hayes , 27 , said on Facebook that ` Lariyah 's out of surgery and in recovery , docs said it went well ' The crash happened about 65 miles northeast of Atlanta . It caused traffic to back up in the area along the interstate , a key route between Georgia and the Carolinas , said Teri Pope , a spokeswoman with the Georgia Department of Transportation . Lariya Hayes -LRB- center -RRB- had surgery and was recovering after surviving the crash , according to her husband . The van and trailer traveled 300 feet off of the road before crashing into trees on the side of the highway .