Israeli scholars are furious after new flooring was fitted ` behind their backs ' by the Muslim authority in charge of Judaism 's holiest site - potentially covering up clues to the location of the ` Lost Ark ' . The work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine , which overlooks old Jerusalem . But when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago . The discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers , thrilled at the possibility of solving the Indiana Jones-type mystery which touches upon a holy grail for biblical enthusiasts . Scroll down for video . Hidden : Workers place carpets over ancient floor designs in the cave under the Dome of the Rock , which Israeli scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document before they were covered . Legend : Scholars have suggested the flooring may give a clue as to where the Ark of the Covenant - imagined here in the 1981 Indiana Jones film - is hidden , which Jewish tradition says is buried under the Dome . ` Something is there . I do n't know what . But something is hidden there , ' said Israeli archaeologist Zachi Dvira , who studies the site . Yet it looks likely it will remain a mystery : scholars did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet , paid for by King Abdullah II of Jordan , the country which remains the custodian of the area 's Muslim holy sites . It has sparked a war of words between the Waqf , the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound , which includes the Dome of the Rock , and Israeli archaeological authorities , who say the repairs were carried out behind their backs . The scholars also fear the glue being used may permanently damage the floor . Israel 's housing minister Uri Ariel , of the nationalist Jewish Home party , waded in to the argument to urge an immediate halt to the work . In an alarmed letter sent to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last week , he wrote : ` There is no need to elaborate on how important this site is , where every modification , every excavation with heavy equipment can cause irreparable harm to the foundations of the Temple . ' Row : The Dome of the Rock is one of the most contentious religious spots in all of Jerusalem , and the argument over the carpet is simply the latest in a long line of battle between Muslim and Jewish groups . Holy : The Dome of the Rock and its hilltop plaza is considered Judaism 's holiest spot and Islam 's third holiest . But the Waqf reject the accusations . Sheikh Azzam Tamimi , the head of the Waqf , said the work is long overdue and has defiantly proclaimed that he was forbidding any Israeli involvement . ` Our work in Al Aqsa is transparent , ' he said . ` We are only putting down carpet and felt . Nothing more , nothing less . ' They also deny the work will cause any damage . Jamal Al Quda , a member of a group of Jordanian carpet layers who received Israeli visas for the job , said it was necessary to affix the base layer of thin dark felt before rolling out the carpet above it . ` It comes off my hand , ' he added , rubbing his fingers . Heritage : The Dome is thought to be one of the most interesting archaeological sites in Jerusalem . Finance : This latest work , pictured last Sunday , is being paid for by King Abdullah II of Jordan . This is not the first time tensions have flared over work at the Dome of the Rock . The Dome of the Rock is at the centre of competing claims . Muslims believe it enshrines the large rock slab where Muslim tradition says the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven . Meanwhile , Jews believe the rock may be where the holiest part of the two ancient Temples stood as early as about 3,000 years ago -- and where religious Jews pray a third Temple will one day be built . Ancient Jewish traditions say the Ark of the Covenant . which contained the Ten Commandments , may have been hidden away in a chamber when the First Jewish Temple was destroyed . The adjacent Western Wall , believed to be one of the last remnants of the Temple complex , is the holiest site where Jews can pray . But Palestinian officials reject Jewish historical ties to the site and the competing claims have been known to spill over into violence . While Jerusalem may be the most excavated city in the world , the Dome and its hilltop plaza are an archaeological goldmine which has never been properly dug because of the political sensitivities surrounding the site , which is considered Judaism 's holiest spot and Islam 's third holiest . In 1999 , the Muslim authorities who administer the site dug an enormous hole 12 metres , or 40 feet , deep as part of construction for an underground prayer area , dumping 10,000 tons of earth in a nearby valley and an east Jerusalem dump . The director of the Israeli Antiquities Authority at the time called it an ` archaeological crime ' . For years , Dvira and veteran Israeli archaeologist Gabriel Barkay have been leading a team of archaeologists and volunteers in combing through the dirt for historical finds . The initiative , called the Temple Mount Sifting Project , is conducted under the auspices of the Elad Foundation , a group that also purchases Arab homes in contested parts of East Jerusalem and helps move Jews in . Critics say this nationalist agenda should not mix with archaeology . Israel 's state comptroller wrote a scathing report in 2010 about the Muslim authorities ' illicit work projects at the compound and Israel 's failure at enforcing supervision there . Israeli officials kept the report classified out of concern that its publication could harm the sensitive relationship with Jordan . Tens of thousands of worshippers attend weekly Friday prayers , and the carpets have been replaced before -- most recently 12 years ago , at a time of heightened violence when Israeli antiquities officials were granted limited access to the site . Social media : Leaked photos of the work have fuelled this latest argument between the two sides . Past renovation projects were done quietly behind the scenes . Leaked photos posted on social media sites -- combined with the political influence of Israeli nationalists monitoring the site -- drew extra attention and fuelled the latest controversy . Photos that were leaked to Facebook from the off-limits restoration site showed a number of geometric floor patterns never before documented by archaeologists , said Frankie Snyder , a researcher with the Temple Mount Sifting Project . Some apparently date to when the Crusaders controlled the complex in the 12th century , she said . ` I 'm worried about damage of the original floors , ' said Barkay , the archaeologist . ` The patterns were never properly documented . ' Israel Hasson , the director of the Israeli Antiquities Authority , said once the government body learned about the renovation , it made arrangements with the Waqf to send an archaeologist to document some of the floor patterns , but others already had been covered by the maroon and beige carpeting . ` We got to part of them . We did n't get to it all . I wo n't ask anyone to pull up the carpets to document it , ' Hasson said . ` We will wait for the next opportunity . We 're sure to be here over the next 2,000 years . '