The daughter of Chicago socialite Sheila Von Wiese-Mack accused of brutally murdering her mother during a Bali vacation will turn over a ` significant percentage ' of her $ 1.3 million trust fund to care for her newborn daughter . Vanessa Favia , attorney for 19-year-old Heather Mack , has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella . CBS reports the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella , who was born in Kerobakan Prison and who has urgent needs , including clothing and baby wipes . Scroll down for video . Child care : A US-based attorney for Heather Mack , 19 , who is accused of murdering her socialite mother in Bali , has filed for about half a million dollars to be transferred to Mack 's daughter Stella from Mack 's trust fund . Heather Mack smiles at her baby daughter Stella before her sentencing hearing in Denpasar , Bali , in March . Mack wept as prosecutors said she should be sentenced to 15 years - but spared her the death penalty . ` What ever your opinion of the adults in this case , I believe everyone would agree that the baby bears no culpability in this truly sad affair , ' Favia said in a press release . Mack filed a claim in court back in February that her uncle , Wiese-Mack 's brother and trustee of her estate , had blocked her access to the funds , according to NBC . A judge ordered $ 150,000 be released to pay for Mack 's defense , along with another $ 2,240 for living expenses , but required that Mack not share the money with anyone . Indonesian officials accused Mack of helping her 21-year-old boyfriend , Tommy Schaefer , murder her mother at a luxury Bali hotel before stuffing her body in a suitcase last August . The pair are awaiting sentencing , with prosecutors having asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for Schaefer . Chief Prosecutor Eddy Arta Wijaya said Mack ` committed sadistic acts to her own mother , ' but wanted her to be spared the death penalty ` because she repeatedly expressed remorse and has a newborn baby . ' The 21-year-old gazes at his baby daughter , held by a relative , before his sentence demand hearing . Mack claimed her daughter - who had to return to hospital shortly after her birth with jaundice - has six fingers on her left hand . Since being held in jail , the 19-year-old from Chicago has been keeping her newborn Stella with her in the crowded cell in Bali 's Kerobokan prison . In a bizarre comment from her holding cell last week , Mack said with a grin that Stella has six fingers on her left hand , saying , ` But do n't worry , she 's OK , thank you . ' As she waited in the cell , nervously puffing on a cigarette , Mack added that she and her co-accused boyfriend were married ` in spirit . ' She said : ` He has made us a ring each to wear from his side of the prison . ' She held up a hand revealing a red plastic ring . ` Tommy 's is blue , ' she added . Jail sentences of less than 20 years for each of the defendants are far more lenient than the death penalty or lifetime in prison that many had expected to be handed down for the gruesome crime . Schaefer has admitted to hitting Wiese-Mack with the metal handle of a fruit bowl in self-defense while his girlfriend has been accused of helping him to force the body into a suitcase , which was then loaded into the trunk of a taxi they had ordered . The couple did not board the taxi , however , instead leaving the hotel by a rear exit . They tried to leave Bali through the airport but they did not have their passports , which were being held in a safe deposit box at the hotel . Mack and Schaefer were arrested the following day at another Bali hotel . Mack , who said during an earlier court hearing that she did not wish her mother dead , said they panicked after Schaefer 's attack with the metal bowl . She said they thought about either calling the police or taking the body in a suitcase to the US Consulate . She did not explain why they did not do either one . When the prison gates opened to allow the couple to exit last month , onlookers were surprised to see Schaefer carrying baby Stella - the first time he had been seen with her . Shortly after the baby 's birth Mack was being accused by prison sources of failing to wash the child properly . Mack said she intended to continue breastfeeding for two years . The baby was born on March 17 and had to be treated in the jail clinic and then in hospital after developing a high fever and jaundice . The child was later allowed to be taken back to the prison with her mother . Mack is allowed to keep her baby with her in her cell - which she is sharing with eight other women - until the child is two years old . She revealed there was another prison baby , aged seven months , in a separate cell .