This is the moment a four-year-old girl broke down in tears because the ` little ducks ' in a nursery rhyme did not come back to their mother . Rilie Carey , from Salem , Oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom , Jessica . She starts by confidently singing : ` Four little ducks went out to play , over the hills and far away . ` Mumma duck says quack , quack , quack , quack , but only three little ducks came back . ' But as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears . As she gets to the penultimate verse , where ` no little ducks come back ' , she starts to sob with her arm across her face . At the end of the clip Rilie , who lives with her mom , dad and two-year-old brother , leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return . Mrs Carey posted the video on Facebook alongside the caption : ` My four-year-old daughter learned a new song at school yesterday and ca n't quite get through it without crying . ` She gets so sad that the mama duck does n't have her babies !! #allthefeels ' The 25-year-old , who met Rilie 's father Aaron in 2007 , told MailOnline : ` I filmed the video because after I had picked Rilie up from school , she would ' t stop singing it all day and would start to get emotional near the end every single time . ` I recorded it at dinner time so I could show her dad once he got off from work . ` She is so caring and loving and , as a mother , it made my heart explode watching her get so emotional about the mama duck losing her babies . She 's so sweet . ` I just adored it . It makes me happy to know how loving her little heart is . ' Rilie -LRB- left ; right -RRB- learnt the popular song about ducks at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mother Jessica Carey . Jessica Carey -LRB- pictured with her husband Aaron , Rilie and two-year-old son -RRB- posted the video on Facebook with the caption : ` My four-year-old daughter learned a new song at school yesterday and ca n't quite get through it without crying ' Mr Carey , a 32-year-old tattoo artist , also shared the video on Facebook and added : ` If you have n't already seen this video , check it out . ` It 's my sweet little daughter singing a new song she learned at school . She gets very emotional towards the end lol . ' The video has already received more than 2.9 million views on Facebook . Hundreds of viewers have commented , with many dubbing the video the ` cutest thing ever ' . Mrs Carey is hoping Rilie will now be invited on to The Ellen DeGeneres Show .