Ahead of the 79th edition of the Masters , Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club . Here are Nos 10-1 . CLICK HERE for the first part of our countdown , featuring videos of shots from the likes of Nick Faldo , Louis Oosthuizen and the late , great Seve Ballesteros ... 10 Arnold Palmer , 1960 . The King was truly crowned after becoming the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta National to win the Masters . Palmer had already sunk a 35-footer on the 17th to tie Ken Venturi at the top of the leaderboard , but knew a birdie on the last would win him the title . His approach to the 18th green was magnificent , finishing six feet away , sending ` Arnie 's Army ' wild . He holed out for his second of four green jackets . 9 Sandy Lyle , 1988 . Needing a birdie to beat Mark Calcavecchia , Sandy Lyle sent his 1-iron tee shot into the bunker guarding the left side of the fairway . But the Scotsman 's strike from the sand was so pure that he was able to send his ball into the heart of the green , and watched as it caught that famous downslope and rolled to within eight feet of the pin . The birdie putt was never in doubt , and the jig that followed is just as memorable as that remarkable bunker shot . Sandy Lyle -LRB- right -RRB- is presented with his green jacket by Larry Mize in 1988 . 8 Phil Mickelson , 2010 . You could fill this top 20 entirely with shots from Phil the Thrill if you so wished , but this one probably tops his personal highlights reel . Having pulled his tee shot on the par-five 13th right and into trees , Mickelson was left with a gap of just a couple of feet through which to thread his ball . But ignoring the pleas of his caddie Jim ` Bones ' Mackay to lay up , Phil took his six-iron and blasted the ball from off the straw , through the eye of the pines needle , over Rae 's Creek and to five feet of the pin . The eagle putt did n't drop , but the marker was set . Lee Westwood was brilliant that year , but no-one was going to beat Mickelson on this form . 7 Doug Ford , 1957 . Trailing Sam Snead by three strokes after three rounds , Doug Ford stood over his approach to the 18th on Sunday with a one-shot lead after a brilliant back nine , but fired his 7-iron into a bunker . Worse than that , the ball plugged in the sand , leaving Snead probably needing a par to force a play-off or birdie to win the title . But Ford blasted his ball out of the trap and straight into the cup for an incredible birdie . It sealed his second major title and only Masters win , but his name will now forever be associated with that greenside bunker on 18 . Jack Nicklaus -LRB- left -RRB- leaps into the air after holing his magnificent putt on the 16th green in 1975 . 6 Jack Nicklaus , 1975 . As the Golden Bear reached his ball on the 16th green , he heard the roars from the 15th as Tom Weiskopf holed for a one-stroke lead . Worse , his ball was over 40 feet from the pin after a poor tee shot . A two-putt from that position would have been a good result , but Nicklaus had other ideas and stroked the ball round the contours of the green and straight into the cup . Weiskopf three-putted the same green , Nicklaus won by a single shot , and the defeated giant later described Nicklaus ' shot as the best putt he had ever seen . CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE SHOT . 5 Larry Mize , 1987 . Augusta probably held little hope for this local lad when he entered a play-off with the legendary Seve Ballesteros and the Great White Shark , Greg Norman , for the green jacket in 1987 . Although the Spaniard dropped out after a bogey on the first play-off hole , Norman was in pole position after finding the fringe at the 11th , while Mize missed the green way to the right . But there 's just something about this hole , and Mize sent his 100-foot chip up onto the green and leapt nearly as high into the air after it hit the flagstick and dropped into the hole . Norman missed his putt and will forever be remembered as Augusta 's bridesmaid . 4 Gene Sarazen , 1935 . Who knows what The Masters might have become without this shot ? At the time it was n't considered a major and was struggling to gain recognition , but in one stroke Gene Sarazen 's ` shot heard round the world ' put Augusta National on the map . The Squire was trailing Craig Wood by two on the par-five 15th , but smashed a 235-yard four wood over water and into the cup for an albatross -LRB- or double eagle , as they like to say over the pond -RRB- . Sarazen 's remarkable shot helped him tie Wood and go on to beat him in an 18-hole play-off the next day . More importantly , it was the first of many legends born at The Masters . 3 Bubba Watson , 2012 . Having hooked his drive deep into the trees on the 10th , the second hole of his play-off with Louis Oosthuizen , Bubba Watson looked dead and buried . But Bubba used all his magical shotmaking skills to spot a gap in the trees and then somehow hook a 160-yard wedge nearly 90 degrees and onto the putting surface . Not only that , but his ball stopped 15 feet from the pin and piled the pressure onto Oosthuizen , who could only bogey . Tears flowed and ` Blubber ' Watson sealed his place in Augusta folklore . CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO . Bubba Watson hit a shot no-one thought was possible by hooking his ball round trees onto the 10th green . 2 Jack Nicklaus , 1986 . Aged 46 and having not won a major for six years , many thought the Golden Bear had lost his teeth , but his back nine at Augusta was nothing short of the best golf of his career . Nicklaus covered his final 10 holes in seven under par and made a host of brilliant shots , but none better than his tee shot at 16 , which finished four feet from the cup to set up an easy birdie . Watch as Nicklaus bends down to pick up his tee with the ball in mid-air . As everyone around held their breath , he knew from the moment it left the clubface exactly where it was going . It does n't get much cooler than that . Apart , maybe , from winning a sixth Masters , and 18th major title . Jack Nicklaus -LRB- right -RRB- won a record sixth green jacket with his unforgettable back nine in 1986 . 1 Tiger Woods , 2005 . It could n't be anything else , surely ? Woods ' legend was well and truly sealed with this jaw-dropping , gravity-defying chip-in , despite the fact he bogeyed his next two holes and was forced to beat Chris DiMarco in a play-off for his fourth green jacket . Tiger was left in a near-hopeless position down in a hollow after missing the 16th green long , but chipped up onto a slope way left of the hole . His ball came to a virtual standstill , before trickling downhill towards the pin , and stopped rolling right on the edge of the cup just long enough to reveal his sponsor 's logo before dropping in . Cue bedlam and what will surely go down as the most famous shot in all of golf . Tiger Woods celebrates with his caddie Steve Williams after holing his chip from off the 16th green .