As the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will shortly discover for the second time , no situation trumps becoming a parent when it comes to extravagant emotion . But welcome though the new arrival might be , first-time parents in particular are rarely prepared for the upheaval that ensues . Now a group of parents , all of whom are based in the US , have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like . Scroll down for video . Top tips : The video , which has been viewed 600,000 times , features new parents sharing their tips . Called Extra Storage Space , the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times and blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment . Viewers are encouraged to not to switch off until having watched the final piece of advice , to enjoy the burst of love that follows the birth , which is ` hands down the best tip of all ' . More practical offerings include making room for date nights , getting onto a schedule as quickly as possible and not forgetting to indulge in a bit of personal time . Other recommendations from the new moms and dads featured in the clip include remembering to ` be grateful for your kids ' and not getting too stuck on completing all the chores . Crucial : This couple say having regular date nights is essential for maintaining a happy family . Take photos : This mother says that one day , all that will be left are memories - so take plenty of pictures . ` We 've compiled the best parenting tips to know before having a baby to help you sift through the mounds of parenting advice you 're going to get , ' reads the accompanying description . ` Becoming a parent is a huge change and a lot of things you wo n't fully understand until baby arrives . ` However , these tips and guidance will help prepare you for parenthood and that special day . ' Viewers are also encouraged to submit their own parenting advice in the accompanying comment section using the hashtag #makeroomforlife . 10 . Do what works for you and do n't get on the internet - because you can Google anything and everyone has a different opinion . 9 . Get on a schedule ! 8 . Be sure to take time for yourself . Go to they gym , drop the baby off at grandma 's , take a 20 minute nap , etc. . 7 . Discover who your baby is and let them be . Do n't try to mold them to what you want . 6 . Be prepared for the unexpected because it will happen . 5 . You 're going to have to make room for the baby . They come with SO many things ! 4 . Memories are the only thing you 'll have after all is said and done . So be sure to make and keep some keepsakes . 3 . Be grateful for your kids ! 2 . Do n't be too hard on yourself . The house can wait . All of the chores can wait . 1 . The one thing you ca n't understand and prepare for , that you 're not going to know until you experience it is all the love . Keep hold of clothing : It will come in handy for second and third children and is a great source of memories . Any ideas ? Viewers are encouraged to submit their own parenting advice using hashtag #makeroomforlife . Make space : Another mom says its worth investing in extra cupboards to hold all the baby paraphernalia .