QPR are still two points and a seven-goal swing away from Premier League safety but in winger Matt Phillips they might just have the man to help them beat the drop . The Hoops winger has been in sensational form since the turn of the year and now sits second - behind only Barcelona 's Lionel Messi - in the list of top assist makers in Europe 's big five leagues in 2015 . Phillips set up another two goals for Chris Ramsey 's side in their 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday night , taking his tally for 2015 - and the season - to seven . QPR 's Matt Phillips -LRB- left -RRB- now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe 's top five leagues . Phillips also scored QPR 's opening goal as Chris Ramsey 's side drew 3-3 with Aston Villa on Tuesday . Barcelona star Lionel Messi has made more assists -LRB- eight -RRB- this year than any other player . Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has 17 assists in the Bundesliga this season , with seven this year . That leaves the former Blackpool man just one behind Argentine superstar Messi , who has recorded eight assists this year to help Luis Enrique 's side to the top of La Liga . Phillips , who also scored QPR 's opening goal at Villa Park , is level with Wolfsburg playmaker Kevin de Bruyne when it comes to laying on goals for his team-mates . The ex-Chelsea midfielder has made an incredible 17 assists in the Bundesliga this season , with seven of those arriving since the turn of the year . Verona 's Emil Halfredsson , who spent an unsuccessful two-year spell with Tottenham between 2005 and 2007 , is one of six players to have laid on five goals in 2015 . The Icelandic winger has the same amount of assists as Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla , who has played a major part in the Gunners ' superb run of form since mid-January . Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla -LRB- right -RRB- is one of six players to have recorded five assists this year . Slovakian midfielder Marek Hamsik has managed five assists for Serie A side Napoli this year . Marseille winger Dimitri Payet -LRB- right -RRB- has set up five goals for the Ligue 1 side in 2015 . Ligue 1 title-chasers Marseille have benefited from the assists of Dimitri Payet , who has 13 for the season and five since the French top-flight resumed on January 9 . Napoli 's Marek Hamsik , Bayer Leverkusen 's Gonzalo Castro and Palermo 's Franco Vazquez have also made five assists in 2015 .