Gwyneth Paltrow has vowed to live on just $ 29 worth of food for a week , after agreeing to take on a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for New York 's food banks . The 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon , showcasing a range of healthy options , including a variety of fresh vegetables , some brown rice and some black beans . ` This is what $ 29 gets you at the grocery store - what families on SNAP -LRB- i.e. food stamps -RRB- have to live on for a week , ' she wrote alongside the image . Food-focused : Actress-turned-lifestyle guru Gwyneth Paltrow will be living off $ 29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks . Alexander Wang Satin Blazer . Shop the brand at Net-A-Porter . Visit site . A good blazer is an essential item that every girl should have in her wardrobe . But add a touch of satin to it like Gwyneth Paltrow in her Alexander Wang version , and it goes from drab to deluxe in the blink of an eye . The Goop creator made hers a monochrome look by teaming the blush jacket with a flesh toned sweater dress underneath . The silken topper is great for an evening out and can be paired with cigarette trousers and strappy sandals for an elegant take on the menswear trend . Gwyneth 's threads are from a few seasons back , so it 's no longer available in stores . But our style edit is filled with lustrous alternatives from Missguided to Forever 21 . There 's even a designer rendition with a snakeskin lapel for those so inclined to spend a little more . Topshop ` Jenny ' Satin Peplum Blazer at Nordstrom . Visit site . Forever 21 Metallic Satin Blazer . Visit site . Missguided Satin Lapel Longline Tuxedo Blazer -LRB- now $ 30 -RRB- . Visit site . Stella McCartney Rhea satin blazer at The Outnet -LRB- now $ 784 -RRB- . Visit site . Unsurprisingly , although the grocery store no doubt offered a wealth of cheaper , yet more unhealthy , food options , lifestyle guru Gwyneth opted to stick to what she knows best , choosing only the healthiest and greenest of ingredients for the challenge . It looks as though Gwyneth might be going for a Mexican theme on at least one of the days of the challenge , including gluten-free tortillas , black beans , and avocado in her food haul - all the makings of a very healthy Mexican-inspired feast . In a second tweet posted yesterday , she said of the challenge : ` We 're walking in their shoes to see how far we get . ' She then proceeded to nominate popular American chef Roy Choi , tagging him by his Twitter username @RidingShotgunLA . Gwyneth also encouraged her fans to head over to the Food Bank NYC website , take up the challenge themselves , and donate to the cause . There are those , however , who are already criticizing Gwyneth 's attempt to experience what living on food stamps is really like ; although the actress has vowed to live on just $ 29 for the week , many suggest that her bizarrely healthy food choices demonstrate just how out of touch she is with the average person . Weekly haul : The 42-year-old actress posted this image of her grocery shop , which included a variety of incredibly healthy food items . Challenge : Gwyneth took to Twitter to share the news about her charity challenge . Writer Rebecca Vipond Brink from The Frisky , highlighted the incredible lack of calories contained in Gwyneth 's food choices , suggesting that those people living on SNAP benefits would require a lot more sustenance in order to go about their day-to-day lives . ` I know other people are critiquing this already , but this bothers me on a basic level because eight of those 16 items are not calorically significant -LRB- sic -RRB- , ' Rebecca wrote . ` Nutritionally speaking , this is a vitamin bonanza . ` But people who live on SNAP benefits do n't just have to get nutrients , they have to get actual calories , because they tend to have very physical lives , doing service labor and taking care of children and not necessarily being able to afford a car and so forth . ' According to The Frisky , the food in Gwyneth 's Twitter post contains a total of 7,059 calories , which means the star will be consuming a paltry 1,000 calories per day for the duration of her week-long challenge . That is approximately half of the recommended daily intake for adults suggested by the American Heart Association . Friends together : Gwyneth was nominated to take on the week-long challenge by celebrity chef Mario Batali -LRB- pictured together in April 2013 -RRB- . Family ties : It is not known whether Gwyneth 's children with ex-husband Chris Martin - Apple , ten , and Moses , nine -LRB- pictured -RRB- - will be taking part in the challenge with their mother . Many people have also queried why Gwyneth might require a total of seven limes - one per day - for the challenge , suggesting that the money spent on the seemingly pointless fruits would have been better spent on some potatoes , or other filling carbohydrate options . For example , Safeway - where Gwyneth appears to have completed at least part of her shopping - currently sells individual limes for 60 cents each , which adds up to $ 4.20 for seven . Had Gwyneth chosen a more substantial menu item , she could have picked up four 16 ounce bags of pasta - which retail for $ 1 - for less than the price of her limes . Gwyneth 's decision to take on the $ 29-per-week challenge comes less than a month after she told CNN Money that she considers herself to be ` incredibly close to the common woman ' . ` I 'm incredibly close to the common woman in that I 'm a woman and I 'm a mother and we all are in a physical body with beating hearts with compassion and love we are all seekers , ' she said in an interview . ` We all want fulfillment , we all want to live our best lives . We want to be healthy and happy and squeeze the most we can out of life . I think that 's all women . ' Gwyneth was initially dared to take on the challenge by her close friend , celebrity chef Mario Batali , who is a member of the Food Bank for New York City board , and also challenged singers Sting and Blondie to take part in the week-long trial . According to the Food Bank NYC website , the challenge is aimed at raising public awareness about the plight of the hungry , while also enabling each participant to understand more about the daily struggle those living on food stamps face . ` Congress cut food stamps twice since 2013 , and soup kitchens and food pantries saw an immediate increase in visitors , ' the food bank 's fundraising page explains . ` New Yorkers ca n't afford any cuts to Food Stamps ... The #FoodBankNYCChallenge raises hunger awareness and deepens your understanding about the struggle to afford food on a food stamp budget . ' It is not known whether Gywneth 's two children with ex-husband Chris Martin , Apple , ten , and Moses , nine , will also be taking part in the challenge however , given the limited supply of food featured in her Twitter picture , it is thought the Shakespeare in Love star is going it alone this time around .