Friends of an Uzbekistani woman who died this week claim she was the world 's oldest person ever having reached the age of 135 . Tuti Yusupova 's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1 , 1880 . They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement . The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 . Friends of Tuti Yusupova , pictured , who died this week claim she was the world 's oldest person aged 135 . Officials in Uzbekistan support the claim , releasing Ms Yusupova 's passport claiming she was born in 1880 . Ms Yusupova 's death came in the same week as Misao Okawa , who died on April 1 , a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday . Ms Yusupova 's funeral was attended by Baxadir Yangibaev , Chairman of the Council of Ministers in the autonomous Republic of Karakalpakstan , in north west Uzbekistan . Mr Yangibaev said the evidence of Ms Yusupova 's age was conclusive and this information would be passed onto the officials responsible for the Guinness Book of Records . He said Uzbekistan has to be one of the healthiest places in the world to live because out of its population of 30 million , they have 8,700 people who are more than 100 . The 135-year-old pensioner recently appeared in a documentary ` Tuti Yusupova - Witness of three centuries . During the documentary , she said : ` I can tell you that the secret to a long life is to do lots of work in the fields and to live an honest life . Having lived through so many wars I would also tell the children of today to try and live their lives in the company of good people , and to appreciate times of peace . ' At her 117th birthday party last month Ms Okawa said that her life had seemed ` rather short . ' When asked the secret to long life , she said : ` I wonder about that too . ' The Guinness World Records announced Misao Okawa , was the world 's oldest person at 114 in 2013 . Ms Okawa , who was born in 1898 , died earlier this week having recently celebrated her 117th birthday . The new oldest person in the world , American Gertrude Weaver , is aged 116 and lives in Arkansas . Speaking in 2014 , she said the secret to long life is kindness , saying : ` Treat people nice and be nice to other people '