Benik Afobe insists he feels ` unstoppable ' as he bids to beat Harry Kane to become the country 's top scorer this season . The striker has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Kane . Afobe bagged 19 goals on loan at MK Dons before January - including two in their 4-0 League Cup win over Manchester United - and has added 12 more since joining Wolves from Arsenal on a permanent deal . Benik Afobe says he feels ` unstoppable ' at the moment as he aims to become the country 's top scorer . The Molineux hitman is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday and after his breakthrough campaign Afobe 's confidence is sky high . ` I had self belief but when you play week in , week out you 're going to get more confidence - it 's a different type of confidence - it 's one to know you 're unstoppable , ' he told Press Association Sport . ` At the moment we do analysis on the other team , the defenders , the keeper , and you hear this player was playing in the Premier League and has experience but I do n't care at all , not one bit . ` It does n't matter what league I 'm playing in I 'm going to score . ` It 's the mentality you 've got to change to be a top goalscorer and I 've realised that . The former Arsenal man since been in top form since joining Wolves on a permanent transfer . ` All the top goalscorers who score week in , week out like -LRB- Lionel -RRB- Messi and -LRB- Sergio -RRB- Aguero , they believe they are going to score before they 've had a chance and that 's the only difference between a top goalscorer and an average striker . ' Wolves have two games left in the Sky Bet Championship and are three points outside the play-offs after Afobe 's goal rescued a 1-1 draw with Ipswich on Saturday . Kane has five matches left in the Barclays Premier League with Spurs but Afobe is focused on scoring himself and is not jealous of Kane 's success after he dropped out of the top flight for regular football . Harry Kane has been in red hot form this season and scored the third away to Newcastle on Sunday . ` He has five games and I have two , ' said the confident but grounded 22-year-old . ` I have played with a lot of these players Harry , Ross Barkley and Jack Wilshere who 's my friend , but everyone has their own destiny . ` I have never looked at one player and thought ` that could have been me ' . I think that 's another reason why I 'm doing well . ` I never compare myself to any player . The way people do n't succeed in life is that they worry about other people too much . ` I wanted 30 goals . I got to 30 and now I want to keep scoring , I want to get to 35 . People have asked ` what 's my favourite goal ? ' I always say ` the next one ' . ' Afobe scored a double against Manchester United in the Capital One Cup while on loan at MK Dons .