She 's the Benefits Street resident who wants to become Britain 's next top supermodel . And now Sherrell Dillion has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition . However , the single mother-of-two , who was featured in the hit Channel 4 series which saw her desperately searching for work , now says she is technically homeless . Scroll down for video . Sherrell Dillion from Benefits Street has been given a place in the Top Model of Colour competition , however , her good news is marred by the fact that she is currently homeless . Sherrell starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee and she says she feels happiness for her co-star . Sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in Eva Road , which is adjacent to where the show was filmed in James Turner Street , Winson Green . She is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth . But a real life rags-to-riches story could still unfold for Sherrell as she has now won a place in the final of modelling competition Top Model Of Colour UK . She added : ` Winning a place in the final is a huge thing for me . It is a massive competition and past winners have gone on to big things . ' She continued : ` I 'm a single mum who wants to do the very best for her kids . I have been striving for a career in modelling for many years and I hope this will be the big break for me . ' In a series of new photos Sherrill poses which her hair styled over her forehead in a white and orange dress . Sherrell Dillion poses against a lamp-post wearing a pair of high heels and showing off her long toned legs . Her plight is a far cry from that of White Dee , who is said to be close to making her first £ 1million after becoming a break-out star of the controversial documentary series . Yet Sherrell , who has brought up her children Terrell , 10 , and Kiwi , five , on her own , wishes her former neighbour nothing but the best . She said : ` While White Dee has enjoyed a lot of success , it never really took off for me . ` But Dee still keeps in touch and gives me advice . I am not jealous of her , she 's a lovely woman and I wish her all the success in the world . ` But I would like to have used the show to have bettered myself . I hoped things would take off for me as well . ' Sherrell shows off her long limbs as she poses on the wall outside of her house . Sherrell at home with one of her children who she raises on her own . She added : ` I recently became homeless after the house I was living in became infested with mice . The last straw was when I saw a mouse jump out of a cereal packet . ` I just took my kids out of there and I have n't been back . I am now living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth while I find a permanent home . ' Sherrell , a former takeaway worker , always dreamed of being a model and was scouted at the age of 22 but then suffered an ectopic pregnancy that left her bedridden for months . The final of Top Model of Colour UK takes place on May 30 at the Grand Connaught Rooms in the heart of the West End . Previous winners have bee signed by major mainstream modelling agencies and graced some of the top magazines in the world . The winner will receive a modelling contract , jewellery , clothes and shoes as well as other prizes .