SeaWorld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows an ex-trainer repeatedly using the N-word - following the trainer 's release of a book criticizing the company 's treatment of animals . The recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . In the five-minute video , Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head . Hargrove , who also featured prominently in the CNN documentary Blackfish , says SeaWorld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message . Scroll down for video . SeaWorld has released an almost five-year-old video depicting ex-trainer John Hargrove repeatedly using the N-word , just days after his book criticizing the company 's treatment of animals launched . The recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . ` You know you were mad , cause you whipped around and you said that , you did , `` What are you n **** rs doing throwing them rocks ? '' ' , he can be heard saying , a glass of wine in front of him . ` Did n't you think it was risky to say that to those five n **** rs ? ' , he asks the girl , who denies during the conversation that she spoke those words . ` How much did you drink tonight , my god , ' she then says . Three bottles of wine can be seen on the table during the video . During the video Hargrove , who was a trainer at SeaWorld for 14 years , tells his friend ` I 've been drinking so much , ' as he and the person behind the camera continue to laugh hysterically at their friend on the phone . SeaWorld spokesman Fred Jacobs said the company was given the video by an ` internal whistle-blower ' last weekend and that his employment would have been terminated ` immediately ' if they had known ` he engaged in this kind of behavior . ' ` We are offended by John 's behavior and language . The video is particularly reprehensible since John Hargrove is wearing a SeaWorld shirt , ' Jacobs said in an email . Hargrove was a trainer at SeaWorld for 14 years and spoke out against the company in the highly critical documentary Blackfish . SeaWorld has also publicly claimed that Hargrove quit the company after he was disciplined for a ` severe safety violation involving the park 's killer whales ' . Hargrove spoke out against SeaWorld in the highly critical documentary Blackfish , which has left the company reeling with declining revenue and attendance . And last week he released a book detailing his long career with the once-popular park , titled Beneath The Surface . Hargrove quickly struck back after the video was released , saying SeaWorld was digging up dirt to make him ` look like this awful person ' . ` What 's so amazing , they 're not addressing the issues at hand , ' he told the Orlando Sentinel . ` This is about killer whales in captivity . ' Hargrove told U-T San Diego that he had never seen the video and did not remember the incident . He also said he had been with another SeaWorld employee that night and ` had a lot to drink ' . ` These are all just personal attacks to try to slander me and my character , ' he said . ` These are petty , childish attempts to discredit somebody . ' The NAACP issued a statement following the video 's release and said Hargrove 's repeated use of the N-word ` calls into question his judgement and his credibility ' . ` It is difficult to accept his authority on animal welfare issues if he does not treat fellow humans with dignity and respect , ' it states . The video 's release also caused one San Diego bookstore to cancel Hargrove 's book signing after the store received an email from SeaWorld with a link to the clip . None of Hargrove 's other scheduled appearances have been canceled . Hargrove is currently on tour promoting Beneath The Surface , which recounts the ` devastating effects of captivity ' he said he saw while working with killer whales as he became higher-ranked within the company , the ex-trainer told NPR . Hargrove struck back after the video was released , and said SeaWorld was trying to make him ` look like this awful person ' . He also said he had ` a lot to drink ' when the video was recorded and did not recall the incident . In the book , Hargrove said he was especially affected after seeing SeaWorld separate 19 mother killer whales from their calves , which he claims is done through trickery . He also claims he saw trainers hold back food from the whales . Hargrove also fought back at SeaWorld 's claim that he violated the company 's safety rules . He said he was disciplined because he waited a day to inform his supervisors that another employee had improperly locked a gate at Shamu Stadium , even though he had immediately pointed out the mistake . Hargrove said he was ` punished ' and was temporarily moved to the sea-lion stadium , but he then immediately went on medical leave for knee injuries before quitting the company entirely . SeaWorld 's fight against Hargrove comes just a week after the company launched a new advertising campaign in attempts to fight the backlash it has received since the premiere of Blackfish . The company claimed the advertisement 's close timing with the release of Hargrove 's book was unrelated . The campaign focuses on the park 's efforts of caring for animals in captivity and in the wild , while ` setting the record straight on false accusations by activists who oppose whales and other animals in zoological settings ' , the company stated . Print advertisements will appear in the likes of The New York Times , The Washington Post and Wall Street Journal . Last week SeaWorld also launched its ` Meet the Animals ' YouTube campaign , which introduces individual animals in the company 's various parks .