A retired British soldier has been arrested by detectives investigating the shooting of a man with learning difficulties in Northern Ireland in 1974 . John Pat Cunningham , 27 , was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb , County Armagh . A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England . He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning at the police 's Serious Crime Suite in Antrim . John Pat Cunningham -LRB- pictured , left , in photo held by his nephew Charlie Agnew , right -RRB- was shot by the British Army in a field in 1974 . A man has now been arrested over his death . The case was recently re-opened by the Police Service of Northern Ireland and a murder investigation started following a re-examination of the available evidence . Mr Cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot . The Government apologised for his death in 2013 . The inquiry is being carried out by the PSNI 's Legacy Investigations Branch - a unit which examines historic cases from the Troubles . Relatives of Mr Cunningham , who had a mental age of between six and 10 , said the investigation did not have their support . Mr Cunningham was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot . He had a fear of men in uniform . Victims campaign organisation the Pat Finucane Centre -LRB- PFC -RRB- issued a statement on the family 's behalf . ` Whilst family members have cautiously welcomed the arrest , they have asked the PFC to state categorically that they will only have confidence in an investigative process that is completely independent of the PSNI , ' said a PFC spokesman . ` Cunningham family members said in October 2013 that they wish to see all investigations into British Army killings , including that of John Pat , being investigated by an independent body . ' The investigation into the shooting was re-opened in March this year . Speaking in March , DI Neil McGuinness of the PSNI said : ` I appreciate this happened more than 40 years ago but I believe there are people in the community today who remember this tragic incident , who knew John Pat and who may have information which would be of assistance to the investigation . ` Our objective is to get to the truth of what happened that Saturday morning so that justice can be served . ' The Government apologised for his death in 2013 . A police investigation was re-opened earlier this year . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .