The real-life Margo Leadbetter has backed the Prime Minister to deliver The Good Life to Britain . Sheila Elkan , who lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters ' home in the classic 1970s TV series , backed David Cameron today after he launched his ` Good Life ' manifesto . The 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in Hillingdon , north-west London , since 1986 . The Good Life : Sheila Elkan -LRB- left -RRB- , 84 , who lives in the house that featured as the home of Margo Leadbetter -LRB- right , played by Penelope Keith -RRB- in the classic 1970s TV series , backed David Cameron today . Her comments come after Mr Cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job , a home , tax cuts and a secure retirement as he revealed the Conservative election manifesto . And Ms Elkan told MailOnline today : ` From what I have seen I think Cameron is the best man to give The Good Life . That 's my personal opinion . ` I think The Good Life is doing things for yourself , not relying on someone else to do it for you . That 's what the Goods did , did n't they ? ` I know we are short of housing and the NHS is in dire straights , but I think those things would have happened whoever is in power . I think Cameron has done a reasonable job . Nobody 's without criticism . ' On location : Despite the programme being set in Surbiton , south-west London , the famous front and rear garden scenes were filmed at Ms Elkan 's home in north-west London . Garden : The great-grandmother-of-five has lived in the house in Hillingdon , north-west London , since 1986 . Widowed Ms Elkan , a retired housewife , believes she is more like Barbara Good than Mrs Leadbetter because she is a keen gardener . She plans to vote for Nick Hurd , the incumbent Conservative MP for Ruislip , Northwood and Pinner , on May 7 . The mother-of-four and grandmother-of-ten moved to the leafy suburb shortly after her husband Tony passed away . Despite the programme being set in Surbiton , south-west London , the famous front and rear garden scenes were filmed at her home . Seventies sitcom : The Good Life starred -LRB- from left -RRB- Felicity Kendal as Barbara Good , Richard Briers -LRB- who died in 2013 -RRB- as Tom Good , Penelope Keith as Margo Leadbetter and Paul Eddington as Jerry Leadbetter . Election on the way : PM David Cameron today claimed the UK is ` on the brink of something special ' as he unveiled a cradle-to-grave Conservative manifesto , promising voters ` security at every stage of your life ' She said : ` I love it here and the neighbours are all nice . I still get people knocking on the door and asking if they can take a picture saying , `` My wife loves The Good Life '' . ' Ms Elkan lives alone in the three-bedroom detached house but is regularly visited by family and a stray tabby named Twiglet . Today , against a Union Flag backdrop , Mr Cameron claimed the UK is ` on the brink of something special ' as he unveiled a cradle-to-grave Conservative manifesto , promising voters ` security at every stage of your life ' . The Prime Minister warned there is ` almost nothing without economic security ' as he set out an extension of Margaret Thatcher 's hugely popular Right to Buy scheme , vowed to scrap inheritance tax on homes worth up to £ 1million and promised to freeze rail fares for five years .