Paris Saint-Germain face Nice on Saturday , hoping to take Ligue 1 's top spot from Lyon but do so with a host of key stars missing , including captain Thiago Silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury . Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta all join Silva on the sidelines for the trip to the Mediterranean coast , while David Luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem , although he is still set to start . Silva was pictured nursing his problem at home ahead of the game , with a full diagnosis yet to be completed by PSG 's medical team . Thiago Silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury and will miss Paris Saint-Germain 's game at Nice . Silva was substituted in the defeat by Barcelona in midweek and the injury is still keeping him out . ` Game Ready ' , as seen being used by Thiago Silva , is a cold therapy compression system used to treat sports injuries . It circulates cold water around the injury , cooling it down with the aim to bring players back from injury as soon as possible . He posted an update on Instagram , writing : ` Guys , I 'm here to thank you all for your prayers ! ` Yesterday I had the tests and the injury was very small , otherwise I could have been out for five or six weeks ! ` I 'm already in treatment to come back soon . Remember , no prayer will be unanswered . ' PSG coach Laurent Blanc said on Friday : ` Thiago Silva is out for Nice even if his injury is not as bad as first feared . ' The game against Nice comes more than 24 hours before league leaders Lyon face a tough task at home against fifth-place St Etienne . A win in south east France would put the French champions a point clear of their closest rivals . Lyon could take back top spot on Sunday but Blanc 's side will have a game in hand at the close of the weekend . ` It is not easy to prepare for this match , ' Blanc said . ` We must turn in up in championship mode . In this final stretch , we no longer have room for error . ' Laurent Blanc said that Silva 's injury is not as bad as first feared , and that was confirmed by the Brazilian . David Luiz may be forced to again return early from injury to cope with the loss of his countryman Silva . With six games of the season to go for most sides , PSG are favourites for to retain their crown with Lyon and Monaco now the only realistic competitors after Marseille lost 1-0 at Nantes on Friday night . Serge Gakpe took advantage of an early defensive mix-up by the previous Ligue 1 pacesetters to take all three points for Nantes , and Marseille coach Marcelo Bielsa ruled out any hopes of the title after the game . Marseille coach Marcelo Bielsa ruled out any hopes of the title after his side lost 1-0 away at Nantes on Friday . ` A team that loses three consecutive matches in the closing stages of the championship can not hope to win the title , ' he said . ` Our play as a team was n't good enough and it is purely the coach 's responsibility.We played poorly on an individual level too . We could have won but we played negatively and without fluency . '