A middle school teacher is recovering in hospital in New York after being viciously assaulted by one of her student 's mothers and the woman 's 14-year-old niece . The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead . Police say the parent , Annika McKenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher , Catherine Engelhardt . McKenzie believed Engelhardt had ` put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day , according to ABC 7 . Scroll down for video . Attacked and left unconscious : This photo , taken inside Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead , New York , on Wednesday , shows math teacher Catherine Engelhardt knocked out following the assault . Charged : Police say Annika McKenzie , 34 , attacked Engelhardt because she believed the teacher had ` put her hands ' on her daughter . She has been charged with second-degree assault and second-degree strangulation . Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie , telling her to first get a security pass . A fight then ensued . Authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall , placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor . Several students also became involved in the attack , including McKenzie 's 14-year-old niece . Another teacher was able to break up the melee and attend to Engelhardt . She was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to Winthrop University Hospital . Engelhardt , a mother and teacher of 20 years , has since been released and is recovering at home ` in a lot of pain ' , according to Newsday . Scene : The attack occurred Wednesday afternoon about 2 pm at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead . A group of teachers had previously come forward saying they were worried about safety . Speaking from her home to ABC 7 , Engelhardt said she has long feared for her safety at the school . ` It 's not like I thought a parent would do something , but I knew something violent was going to happen , ' she told the network . ` I 've warned -LRB- the school -RRB- time and again that the children have no respect for adults . ` Yes , I fear for my safety . They ca n't control the kids . ' The attack was caught on the school 's security cameras and the tapes were turned over to police . Police said they received the 911 call about 2 pm . McKenzie and her niece were arrested at the scene . Both were charged with second-degree assault on school grounds , a felony , while McKenzie was also charged with second-degree strangulation . In court : Annika McKenzie , 34 , has been charged with second-degree assault on school grounds , a felony , and second-degree strangulation in connection with an assault on a teacher at Hempstead 's Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School . She appeared in First District Court in Hempstead without an attorney on Thursday . Bail was set at $ 5,000 cash or $ 7,500 bond , but it is unclear if she posted . Hempstead Classroom Teachers Association President Elias Mestizo acknowledged that many staff have voiced their concerns about safety .