A trim 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes . Competitive eater Mary Schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo , Texas on Sunday . Schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her did n't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners . Scroll down for video . Winner , winner , steak dinner : Molly Schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steack Ranch restaurant in Amarillo , Texas on Sunday . Fast eater : The 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steak dinners - complete with sides - in just 20 minutes . Worth it : For breaking the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour , Schuyler took home a grand total of $ 6,000 . In addition to the three massive 72-ounce steaks , competitors also had to eat three baked potatoes , three shrimp cocktails , three salads and three rolls for a whopping 15 pounds of food . While that might sound daunting to most , Schuyler was confident that she would beat out the other competitors with her experience . ` They would have had to eat their half in like four minutes , ' Schuyler told the Amarillo Globe-News . ` If you 're not used to doing this , four minutes is hard . ' Filling : The dinner included three 72-ounce steaks , three shrimp cocktails , three baked potatoes , three salads and three rolls . Champion : Though her competitors were allowed to tackle the challenge in teams of two , none came close to winning the competition . She cleaned her plate : Schuyler poses with a fan after the feat , showing off her belly bloated from the competition . However , she was a bit nervous about tackling a three steak dinners since she ate just two when she competed at the restaurant last year . ` I come in thinking I 'm going to fail , but you know if I win it 's a lovely parting gift and that 's cool , ' she told KFDA-TV . ` I also get free steak so I do n't really lose . ' As the competition began , Schuyler covered up with a pair of sunglasses and put up her sweatshirt hood to focus on the task at hand and finished her first steak in just four minutes and 18 seconds - beating the previous record she set last year of four minutes and 48 seconds . Hundreds cheered her on below the competition table set up side the restaurant on a sunny day , as Schuyler ripped her way through the steaks . Competitors had an hour to finish their $ 72 dinners , in order to get them for free , but Schuyler cleaned her plates in a cool 20 . And with enough time to spare , Schuyler tried attacking a fourth steak but had to stop , saying she was tired of the taste . Schuyler was born and raised in Nebraska and currently residents in Sacramento California . Before her competitive food eating life , she worked as a bartender and server at Applebee 's . In August 2012 , Schuyler entered her first competitive eating competition , becoming the first woman to finish the Stellanator at Stella Bar in Omaha , Nebraska . The Stellanator includes six hamburger patties , six eggs , six pieces of cheese , six pieces of bacon topped with fried onions , jalapenos , lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , two buns and mayonnaise . Another to add to the trophy cabinet : Schuyler pictured above winning the Z-Burger contest in Washington , DC last July . During the competition she ate 24 hamburgers in ten minutes . Since then , Schuyler has been competing regularly in food eating competitions - including one weekend in 2014 when she competed in FOUR food competitions . On January 31 , 2014 , Schuyler won Wing Bowl 22 in Philadelphia , by eating 363 wings . The next day , she competed in and won both the IHOP Pancake bowl and the bacon-eating contest at the Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival in Des Moines . She finished out the weekend by taking on the Adam Emmenecker Challenge at Jethro 's Barbecue . Schuyler first took on the Emmenecker challenge in December 2012 , when she became the first woman to complete the meal that includes a spicy pickle , bun , pork tenderloin , buffalo chicken tenders , white cheddar sauce , fried cheese cubes , Texas brisket , applewood smoked bacon , cheeseburger and a pound of waffle fries ... in just 15 minutes . Dessert : Schuyler guzzles down 12 pounds of rice pudding in three minutes to set a new world record last year . Hero : Last year Mrs Schuyler smashed another record by demolishing a 12-pound sandwich , one pound of French fries and a large soda as part of the Mad Greek Deli Challenge in Portland , Oregon . Schuyler started the competition at her normal 120 pounds , but by the time she was crowned winner , she had gained 15 pounds and her stomach noticeably filled out . Her physique was quite a contrast to the larger men who decided to take her on in the eating competition including a team of two professional wrestlers and two members of the Amarillo Venum indoor football team . For setting the record for fastest eaten steak dinner , Schuyler won $ 1,000 and another $ 5,000 for completing the challenge in less than an hour . What 's more - Schuyler says she plans to come back next year and break her record , upping the ante to four steaks instead of three . Bobby Lee , the co-owner of the Big Texas , says the restaurant was floored by her performance and that they 'll be submitting her record to Guinness . ` We 've been doing this contest since 1960 , and in all that time we 've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time - so this is a first for us and after 55 years of it , it 's a big deal , ' Lee told ABC 7 . Schuyler started competing in eating competition in August 2012 , and has broken several records during her brief career . In January 2014 , she set ate 363 wings in just 20 minutes , earning $ 22,000 prize for that competition .