The furious backlash against the UK 's top prosecutor intensified last night over her decision to spare Lord Janner from the dock . The position of Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders looked increasingly fragile as she faced growing calls to stand down . Campaigners , police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of an Establishment cover-up that lingers over the case . And even her one of her predecessors said the horrific allegations should have been resolved in the ` full public glare of a courtroom ' rather than her London office . Scroll down for video . Campaigners , police and MPs have accused Alison Saunders , the director of Public Prosecutions , of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear speculation of a cover-up over her decision to spare Lord Janner . Mrs Saunders fought back saying it is her job as the head of the Crown Prosecution Service to make ` very difficult decisions ' which are not necessarily popular . But the row showed no sign of abating as further details of the claims levelled against the 86-year-old Labour life Peer were made public . The decision not to charge Lord Janner last week despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims was justified because Mrs Saunders said experts agreed that the former Leicester West MP was in such poor health due to advanced Alzheimer 's Disease . But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 but was left off the hook . The top QC blamed police and prosecutors and launched in independent review , but her comments stoked fears that Lord Janner is the beneficiary of a wholesale cover-up . Yesterday , calls were growing for a judicial review of her decision , something which Leicestershire Police has said it is already considering . Simon Danczuk , the Labour MP who exposed Cyril Smith , said the weight of criticism against Mrs Saunders suggested something has ` clearly gone very badly wrong ' . Ms Saunders ruled not to charge Lord Janner -LRB- pictured -RRB- despite evidence of 22 offences because of his poor health due to Alzheimer 's Disease . He said : ` Mrs Saunders is now seen as a roadblock to justice and it 's hard to see how her position remains tenable . ' Criticism of Mrs Saunders began with comments from the Home Secretary , who has already been lobbied by senior police chiefs , when she said is ` very concerned ' . Theresa May said : ` I have been very clear in everything I have said so far about the child sex abuse issue -- I expect to see justice done . ' She was joined by former Director of Public Prosecutions Lord Macdonald who said a ` trial of the facts ' should have been considered . This would have enabled a jury to decide the facts without apportioning guilt and without a sentence being passed -- offering a chance for victims to be heard . Lord Macdonald said : ` It might have been wiser for the CPS to say ` we 're going to have this matter resolved in the full public glare of a courtroom rather than simply by the DPP . ' Further questions also emerged about the true state of Lord Janner 's health as it was revealed he wrote to the House of Lords just a fortnight ago to extend his role . The politician , who has claimed tens of thousands of pounds in expenses in recent years , took a formal leave of absence last October . When asked if he would consider retiring when the election was called , he responded in a personally signed letter received on April 9 asking to continue in office . Experts said victims may now be denied the opportunity to sue Lord Janner because none of the claims have been proven . Richard Kovalevsky QC said : ` A finding that the acts took place may have consequences for the defendant , particularly one who has the benefit of an honour from the Queen . ' Mrs Saunders has also come under fire over other high-profile cases , including the first disastrous attempt for a conviction for female genital mutilation and the pursuit of journalists .