A 73-year-old reserve deputy shot and killed a man during an undercover operation after thinking he had his stun gun when he opened fire . Robert Charles Bates shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris as the younger man was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store . Harris , 44 , was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when Bates , who was monitoring from afar , ran up ` trying to get the situation under control ' and fired one shot . According to police at the scene in Tulsa , Oklahoma , Bates , a former full-time officer , accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun . Confusion : Robert Charles Bates , 73 , accidentally grabbed his pistol and shot a man dead , it has been claimed . Major Shannon Clark told CNN : ` They were struggling trying to get him into custody , he ran up trying to use a less lethal device , trying to get the situation under control , inadvertently he discharged a round from his service weapon . ' He added : ` Did an accident happen ? Sure . But is it accredited to his age ? Or was it accredited to the rapidly evolving situation ? I guess that will be determined in the investigation . ' Bates , who has been a reserve since 2008 , is the chief executive of Robert C Bates LLC , a Tulsa-based insurance company , who worked as an officer assigned to the Violent Crimes Task Force . He also spent time with the Tulsa Police Auxiliary . Speaking to local site News OK , Bates said : ` It was me . My attorney has advised me not to comment . As much as I would like to , I ca n't . ' According to Tulsa Police , Harris had met an undercover officer to sell him a 9 mm semi-automatic pistol and 300 rounds ammunition and ran when deputies tried to arrest him , then fought with another deputy when he was shot . Killed : Eric Harris , 44 , was allegedly meeting with undercover deputies to buy a 9 mm semi-automatic pistol . He was gunned down after officers ` observed him reaching for his waistband area ... causing concern for the deputies ' safety , ' CNN reported . Officers had been monitoring Harris as part of an investigation into the trade of methamphetamine . As he met with undercover deputies to allegedly hand over the drugs , he is accused of offering to throw in a sawed-off gun . His convictions include escaping prison in 1990 , robbery with a dangerous weapon in 1999 , and making threatening phone calls . According to Tulsa Police , Harris ' killer , Bates , is classified as an advanced deputy . Reserves are ` basic ' , ` intermediate ' , or ` advanced ' . The qualify for ` advanced ' , officers are required to have a minimum of 320 hours of training and 25 hours of training a year . During the annual field training program , they are tested on how to use and identify lethal and non-lethal weapons . With the same power as paid deputies , reserves can conduct their own investigations , make arrests and work on task forces .