Jamie Robbins -LRB- above -RRB- handed himself into the police a year after he stole £ 1,600 from a convenience store in Birmingham with an accomplice because he preferred life in jail . A robber handed himself into police a year after he raided a convenience store saying he preferred life in jail . Jamie Robbins stole £ 1,600 from the Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton , Birmingham , with an accomplice on January 13 , 2014 . The case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said : ` Please arrest me . ' Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday . Ayoub Khan , defending , said Robbins had felt he could not cope outside of prison and wanted to go back behind bars . But Mr Khan added that the day before his court appearance Robbins discovered his girlfriend was pregnant - and no longer wanted to be given a custodial sentence . ` There has been an enormous change in direction of his life . He now has purpose in his life , ' he said . Judge Murray Creed , sentencing , described the events as ` unusual ' as the inquiry had stopped . He said : ` But for your surrender it does not look as though matters would have recommenced . This was a group attack , planned , and there was a weapon and disguises . ' Robbins , of no fixed address , gave detectives full details of the robbery . He explained how he and another masked man had waited outside the store until a woman and her small child had finished their shopping . Robbins then burst into the shop with a machete and his accomplice , and demanded the shopkeeper hand over the safe . Judge Murray Creed , sentencing , described the events as ` unusual ' at the hearing at Birmingham Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- . He threatened the owner with the knife and the pair escaped with £ 1,600 , which they split between them . Robbins even told police the getaway driver did not get his cut because he had not waited in the car as had been agreed . Christopher Lester , prosecuting , said : ` The day before the incident , Robbins was called and asked if he wanted to be in a robbery . ` The next day he met two other men and the defendant took the weapon . ' Mr Lee added that the original police investigation had not been successful and Robbins was only convicted because of the evidence he gave in interview .