Early in the build-up to Aston Villa 's winning goal on Sunday , Steven Gerrard challenged for successive headers in the centre circle and lost both . That does n't mean he was at fault for what happened in the subsequent 20 seconds but it was illustrative nevertheless of a long , sapping afternoon for Liverpool and their fading captain . Gerrard 's time at Liverpool will now end in anti-climax . The chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos , many of them as a substitute . Steven Gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as Aston Villa beat Liverpool at Wembley . Liverpool captain Gerrard reacts as Tom Cleverley celebrates Aston Villa 's victory on Sunday . Gerrard looks on dejected as his Liverpool career draws to an antic-climatic close at Wembley . By the time the FA Cup final rolls around next month his thoughts will already have turned to a new life in California . His manager Brendan Rodgers said after his team 's defeat that Gerrard had been excellent . Sadly , that is n't true . Gerrard was poor throughout , unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club 's recent years . If Rodgers had hoped for a display from Gerrard that would fit the rather romantic narrative of him returning to Wembley on his birthday then he was disappointed . Gerrard 's efforts fitted not the occasion but instead a Liverpool team showing that was low on energy , wit or strategy . For the latter , of course , Rodgers himself must take the blame . Gerrard was disappointing in midfield , as he has been all season , but Brendan Rodgers must take the blame . Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Rodgers -LRB- right -RRB- throughout the contest . Without a trophy for the third season running and unlikely to qualify for the Champions League , this is a campaign that must now be labelled a failure . As such , Rodgers will head in to the summer under gently increasing pressure at Anfield to produce something tangible next time round . Certainly , Rodgers failed spectacularly here at Wembley and , as such , his sense of regret will mirror that of his captain . 0 . Brendan Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since Phil Taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons . 3 . Dejan Lovren had the joint-most shots for Liverpool in this game -LRB- three , level with Steven Gerrard -RRB- . 4 . Mario Balotelli was flagged offside four times , more than any other player in the game , despite only coming on at half-time . 3 . Liverpool managed just three shots on target in the game . 12 . Liverpool have won 12 of 31 games -LRB- 39 per cent -RRB- when Steven Gerrard has started this season , compared to 13 of 21 -LRB- 62 per cent -RRB- when he has n't . 18 . Despite playing the full 90 minutes , Raheem Sterling managed just 18 passes in the match -- the fewest of any player in the starting 22 . Rodgers changed his formation after 20 minutes on Sunday . Villa had begun the game strongly and Liverpool could n't get the ball . Then , at half-time , he rolled his dice again , sending on Mario Balotelli and moving Raheem Sterling from a centre forward role that always seems so alien to him . Rodgers pointed out that he has done this before , stressed that his changes were n't indicative of his own errant planning . It was hard to agree , though . The Irishman can be a clever coach but on Sunday he did n't appear so . Rather he looked a little muddled , unable to turn a game that only ever looked as though it may go Liverpool 's way for the six minutes they spent in the lead following Philippe Coutinho 's first half goal . Facing a team and a young manager with a firm game plan that centred on the muscularity and threat of centre forward Christian Benteke , Rodgers seemed not to have one of his own . Missing Daniel Sturridge through injury once again , Rodgers chose to overlook his three alternatives -- Balotelli , Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert -- in favour of a front three featuring Sterling in the central role . It was a familiar look but equally it is a system that rarely appears to suit Liverpool . It asks too much of Sterling as well as taking him from the wide position from which he always looks most dangerous . When Villa had the ball and moved forwards energetically through the excellent Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish , they did so in great number , flooding the final third of the pitch with claret and blue . Liverpool , on the other hand , could n't replicate it , their full-backs too deep and Sterling too often drowning in a sea of Aston Villa shirts . To play without a focal point is very difficult , especially in a game where the stakes are so high . As Sturridge continues to struggle for health , Liverpool 's problems in that area -- given the complete lack of faith in his supposed understudies -- are very real and to solve that in the transfer market without the promise of Champions League football to use as bait will be some challenge for Liverpool 's much-discussed transfer committee . Aston Villa players chase goalscorer Fabian Delph after the England midfielder made it 2-1 . Ashley Westwood and Cleverley celebrate with Delph following his crucial FA Cup semi-final goal . Liverpool captain Gerrard sinks to his knees after seeing his side fall to a 2-1 defeat at Wembley Stadium . Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since 1956-1959 not to win a trophy in his first three seasons . Gerrard begins to say his goodbyes as his Liverpool career edges closer to an anti-climatic end . Gerrard leaves the pitch following his side 's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat by Villa at Wembley . For a time at Wembley -- a very short time -- it looked as though Coutinho and Jordan Henderson may haul Liverpool to where they needed to be . Their goal came on the back of a short period of better play when it went in off the knee of Villa substitute Jores Okore and it seemed as though Rodgers ' players would build off that platform . But as Rodgers conceded himself afterwards , too many of his team fell short . It ' s a problem that has shown itself before in key games -- namely against Chelsea at the end of last season and at home to Manchester United last month . `` It looked as though the occasion got to us , '' said Rodgers . `` That can happen and we 've come up short in a few games . `` The focus can go awry . We were too passive . '' A startling admission from a Liverpool manager , it was nevertheless hard to disagree . Villa had the edge from the get-go , they had brightness to their play , they played only with ambition and optimism . There was not a hint of fear . On the touchline in the second half , Rodgers was unable to change things . The Balotelli substitution did not work , Emre Can 's deployment at full-back gave Liverpool nothing while Lambert 's introduction in the 90th minute came so late as to be rather pointless . Belatedly there was some pressure but it lacked conviction . There was no cavalry charge and Gerrard 's late free-kick -- his one chance to make an impression -- was as limp as it was by then rather predictable . For Liverpool 's titan , the season 's end can not now come quickly enough . Delph and team-mate Westwood celebrate their FA Cup win over Liverpool at Wembley . Rodgers shouts instructions at his players , but to no avail as Liverpool slump to defeat at Wembley . Gerrard almost snatched a dramatic equaliser with four minutes left , but his header was cleared off the line .