A mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of Queens Park Rangers . Mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots , a flower which could be adopted as the emblem of relegation . QPR boss Chris Ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled , insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching Tottenham last season and joking about the difference between Lidl and Waitrose . His job is to chase pressure and negativity away at times like this , but beneath the surface fear tightens its grip on those near the drop zone . QPR boss Chris Ramsey -LRB- centre -RRB- is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League . Ramsey 's side host West Ham on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left . Cesc Fabregas ' 88th minute strike saw Chelsea grab a late 1-0 win at QPR earlier this month . It will be the same at Newcastle , Aston Villa , Leicester , Sunderland and Hull . Even at Burnley , where Sean Dyche was keen on Thursday to stress his club feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals . ` We are probably half the wage bill of the next team in the division , let alone all the superpowers , and half the spending of the next team in the division , ' said Dyche . The financial implications are bigger for others but there still exists a fear of sporting failure , a fear of letting people down , a fear of losing your job , your status , security , your self-esteem . These everyday , human anxieties trouble Premier League footballers , too . When Cesc Fabregas celebrated Chelsea 's winner in the 88th minute at Loftus Road two weeks ago , Ramsey curled into a ball on the touchline and bottled up his fury until he was well clear of the dressing room . ` It was old-school , ' he smiled . ` I was a little bit angry . The cat was running . I was so disappointed , probably the most disappointed I 've been . It was a very soft goal and it would have given us a massive lift to know we could compete with a team of that calibre . ' Four of the bottom seven did not play in the Barclays Premier League last weekend and watched helplessly as Leicester won again , tightening the pack . Burnley manager Sean Dyche says his side have had to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league . NEWCASTLE . Swansea -LRB- Home -RRB- - April 25 . Leicester -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 2 . West Brom -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 9 . QPR -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 16 . West Ham -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 24 . ASTON VILLA . Man City -LRB- Away -RRB- - April 25 . Everton -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 2 . West Ham -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 9 . Southampton -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 16 . Burnley -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 24 . SUNDERLAND . Stoke -LRB- Away -RRB- - April 25 . Southampton -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 2 . Everton -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 9 . Leicester -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 16 . Arsenal -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 20 . Chelsea -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 24 . HULL . Crystal Palace -LRB- Away -RRB- - April 25 . Liverpool -LRB- Home -RRB- - April 28 . Arsenal -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 2 . Burnley -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 9 . Tottenham -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 16 . Man United -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 24 . LEICESTER . Burnley -LRB- Away -RRB- - April 25 . Chelsea -LRB- Home -RRB- - April 29 . Newcastle -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 2 . Southampton -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 9 . Sunderland -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 16 . QPR -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 24 . QPR . West Ham -LRB- Home -RRB- - April 25 . Liverpool -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 2 . Man City -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 9 . Newcastle -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 16 . Leicester -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 24 . BURNLEY . Leicester -LRB- Home -RRB- - April 25 . West Ham -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 2 . Hull -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 9 . Stoke -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 16 . Aston Villa -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 24 . Note : Fixtures in May subject to change for television schedule . Having reached the point where all seemed lost , perhaps the pressure left Nigel Pearson 's team . They have won three on the bounce . Now , off the bottom at last , it will get tense again as they head for Turf Moor . Pearson said : ` I 'm delighted . It 's a very difficult feat to achieve for any side , let alone one on the foot of the table . But we 're not in a position to sit back and enjoy it . ` My perspective is that we 're still in the bottom three . The danger is there 's an assumption the hard work is done . Far from it . ' Sunderland 's Dick Advocaat and QPR 's Ramsey have fixed their survival targets at 35 points . Hull 's Steve Bruce thinks he might get away with 34 . At Newcastle , John Carver has 35 and is still uneasy . Leonardo Ulloa was on the scoresheet as Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 in the Premier League on April 18 . That win elevated Nigel Pearson 's -LRB- right -RRB- side off the bottom of the table and into 18th in the Premier League . Newcastle manager John Carver believes his team need four points from five games to avoid relegation . How the league form table looks like as of April 23 . ` You can never tell , ' said Carver . ` For me , we need four points from five games . The unexpected can happen . Look at Sunderland . ' Sunderland were last year 's Houdini : bottom with six to play and doomed according to many by virtue of a daunting fixture list . Then they drew at Manchester City , won at Chelsea and Manchester United and then beat relegation rivals Cardiff and West Brom . They lost the last game and still finished in 14th , five points clear , helped by Connor Wickham 's burst of five goals in three games . Wickham has scored only four since - no-one at Sunderland has more in the Premier League this season -- and these acts of escapology are more difficult without a goal supply . Christian Benteke with eight in seven has boosted Aston Villa . ` For him to be at a club fighting at the bottom is a mismatch , ' said Tim Sherwood , but Villa still require points as they head to Manchester City . QPR have 17-goal Charlie Austin . Will he be enough ? Burnley have Danny Ings , almost out of contract and without a goal in more than two months . Hull 's top scorer Nikica Jelavic is injured . The cost of relegation is estimated at £ 60million by football finance expert Professor Rob Wilson of Sheffield Hallam University . Connor Wickham scored five goals in three games last season to help Sunderland avoid relegation . ` We normally say promotion is worth £ 100-120m , ' said Professor Wilson . ` Relegation is harder to quantify . Clubs wo n't get the full TV rights payment which is about £ 80m but they will get parachute payments . Sponsors pay a premium for the Premier League and those deals will end and salaries can quickly eat up this smaller revenue if there are no clauses to reduce wages or allow a quick sale . ` For a club 's first season in the Championship it 's in the region of a £ 60m direct cut in revenue . ' Fates unknown , clubs sketch out alternative recruitment strategies . QPR have a dozen players out of contract and , should they go down , Football League penalties are pending for breaking Financial Fair Play rules last season . Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals in the league for QPR this season - but they still find themselves in 19th . Relegated clubs will receive a parachute payment of £ 25m next season , followed by £ 20m in 2016-17 and two more of £ 10m if they do not go back up , as fewer seem to do . No team has bounced straight back with automatic promotion from the Championship since Newcastle and West Bromwich Albion in 2010 . West Ham and QPR rebounded via the play-offs and Norwich are in the race this year . The Championship is an unforgiving pit to fall into , with 17 managerial sackings this season and an average tenure of less than a year . ` Football has its own laws , ' said Ramsey . ` I 'd be shopping in Lidl instead of Waitrose . I 'll have a different shopping basket if I look at it from a personal point of view . ' It 's truly squeaky bum time in the Premier League relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams . Sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season . CHRIS RAMSEY -LRB- QPR -RRB- . ` If we win three games I think we will stay up . It might take less . I 'm not saying that 's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning , starting with this weekend . To do that , we need to concentrate right to the end and make sure that our performances stay similar with a bit more defensive resilience . ' QPR manager Ramsey -LRB- centre -RRB- feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games . TIM SHERWOOD -LRB- Aston Villa -RRB- . ` I do n't know how many points it will take . We 've done alright . Nothing 's been achieved yet . I 'm a new voice and given them a lot of belief and confidence that they are better than what they were showing . They have managed to score a few more goals and have real belief they can go to places and win . Something was probably a little bit missing previously . I want to make sure that I do n't take my foot off pedal . I 'll make sure the players do n't . ' Tim Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . NIGEL PEARSON -LRB- Leicester -RRB- . ` We 've put ourselves in a position now where we have a more realistic chance . That 's where we are . If it raises optimism elsewhere , fine . If it applies a bit more pressure on other sides around us , fine also . But as far as I 'm concerned it 's about making sure we 're back to business when we play Burnley . Because it 's a really big game for both sides . We 've got players in decent form . We want to keep the work ethic that we 've shown all season . ' Leicester City manager Pearson -LRB- right -RRB- hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley . SEAN DYCHE -LRB- Burnley -RRB- . ` The biggest psychological difference is that others are talking about relegation . Our fuel is about staying in the Premier League . It 's a slightly different twist . ` Others are scared of relegation . We 're not scared of relegation because we were told by everyone we were going to get relegated . We are actually looking for the goal of being in the Premier League . ' Dyche insists his side are n't scared of relegation as a lot of people have written them off in the past .