John Travolta has broken his silence on the controversial Scientology exposé Going Clear and says he never intends to watch the documentary . Speaking to the Tampa Bay Times while promoting his upcoming film The Forger , Travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film . ` I have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has -LRB- claimed -RRB- , so why would I communicate something that was n't true for me ? ' he said . Travolta then spoke for the only celebrity whose dealings with Scientology get more screen time in Going Clear than his own , Tom Cruise . Scroll down for video . Spoke out : John Travolta on Monday broke his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear : Scientology , Hollywood & the Prison of Belief . ` It would n't make sense , nor would it for Tom , I imagine , ' he said . ` I 've been so happy with my experience in the last 40 years ... that I really do n't have anything to say that would shed light on -LRB- a documentary -RRB- so decidedly negative . ' Those 40 years Travolta has spent as a Scientologist are addressed head-on in the film , which claims that church elders have blackmailed the 61-year-old into being one of their most visible cheerleaders . But Travolta , despite his refusal to sit through the film , said it 's merely a showcase for ex-members ` who were disgruntled with their experiences ' with Scientology . ` I 've been brought through storms that were insurmountable , and -LRB- Scientology has -RRB- been so beautiful for me , that I ca n't even imagine attacking it , . ` Why would I even approach a negative perspective ? That would be a crime to me , personally , to do that , ' he said . Scientologists hold a ` blackmail file ' on John Travolta to stop him leaving the faith , which includes ` damaging material ' from his sessions with auditors at the church , the doc claims . Sylvia ` Spanky ' Taylor - once a member of the Church and the point of contact with John Travolta - described a prison camp where members would be forced to work 30-hour shifts , with around three hours of breaks . The film features a number of allegations about how members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps and cut off from their family if they decide to leave Scientology . Others belonging to the most senior order of the faith have been forced to play musical chairs to the sound of Queen 's Bohemian Rhapsody in a fight to secure a chair to stay in the church , it was claimed . The claims have been disputed by the Church of Scientology who have branded those who featured in the show - many former senior members - as ` admitted ' liars and perjurers and ` professional anti-Scientologists . ' Directed by Alex Gibney , Going Clear aimed to expose the secrets behind the mysterious faith followed by thousands of people including Travolta and Tom . Perhaps the only celebrity discussed more in the film Going Clear is Tom Cruise , whose marriage to Nicole Kidman the doc claims was picked apart by Scientology elders . It included interviews with former senior members and officials who made explosive claims about punishments endured by members and how followers have been manipulated . These included descriptions of a ` prison camp ' , revealed by former member Sylvia ` Spanky ' Taylor . People put into this camp are forced to do around 30 hours of hard labour , broken up by three hour rest breaks . Spanky was once the point of contact between the Church and Travolta and said she was sent to this ` prison camp ' , known as the Rehabilitation Project Force which , she claims , is where members are ` reindoctrinated . ' The documentary also claimed Scientology chiefs hold a ` black PR package ' on Travolta , with all the disclosures he made during auditing sessions . During these sessions a trained auditor asked pointed questions such as ` What are you willing for me to talk to others about ? ' Travolta is said to have requested that his sessions were not filmed , but secret cameras were allegedly installed anyway . As well as the claims about Travolta , former senior members of the faith told documentary makers about the various forms of punishment meted out by leaders . Another form of punishment involved members of the highest ranking order within the Scientology church , Sea Org , whose members are said to be punished by being thrown in ` The Hole ' . As well as beatings in ` The Hole ' , they are allegedly also subjected to demeaning tasks including mopping up the floor with their tongue to force them to confess their crimes against the Church . Others are apparently ordered to play musical chairs to the sound of Queen 's Bohemian Rhapsody - fighting each other for chairs which allow them to remain in the church , with losers being expelled . Being expelled from the Church of Scientology comes at a high price , because all friends and family that are still with the religion are forced to cut any ties with departing members . Scientology is believed to be one of the reasons behind the breakdown of Tom Cruise 's marriage to Katie Holmes because he was understood to have wanted to send their daughter Suri to Sea Org , according to reports at the time . In an interview with the New Yorker in 2012 , Scientology spokesmen denied the claims . The Church of Scientology , which is believed to have around 50,000 members , denied the allegations featured in Going Clear and said the statements included were ` entirely false . ' Senior members of Scientology , that are part of the higher Sea Org order , apparently are forced to play musical chairs to Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen to vie for a place in the church , as a form of punishment . Alex Gibney -LRB- left -RRB- directed the documentary and interviewed senior former members and Paul Haggis -LRB- right -RRB- . In a statement it said : ` The Church has documented evidence that those featured in Gibney 's film regurgitating their stale , discredited allegations are admitted perjurers , admitted liars and professional anti-Scientologists whose living depends on the filing of false claims . All have been gone so long from the Church they know nothing of it today . ` Yet Gibney and HBO stonewalled more than a dozen requests by the Church to offer relevant information about them , with more than 25 individuals with first-hand information eager to speak . To this day , neither HBO nor Gibney can deny that they have yet to present the Church with a single allegation from the film so the Church may have an opportunity to respond . The Church never sought special treatment , only fair treatment . ' Since Going Clear premiered at the Sundance Festival in January , the church has created a website dedicated to criticising the film and released its own version , called ` Get the truth . ' Representatives also branded the documentary a ` bigoted propaganda piece . ' Other famous members have also criticised the show . Danny Masterton , a second generation Scientologist and former star of ` That 70s show ' , said he thought the book the documentary was based on was full of lies . He told eonline : ` I wonder if Sundance would allow a documentary of , like , eight people who hate Judaism . But you know , my religion 's fair game , I guess , `` cause it 's new '' . ' At the end of the documentary Gibney lists the people who refused to be interviewed , which included Miscavige , Travolta , Cruise and Kidman . MailOnline has contacted John Travolta for comment .