The culprits behind the Hatton Garden raid may have carried out a similarly audacious burglary just two years earlier in Berlin , it has emerged . In a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £ 60m heist in London , thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz , Berlin , in January 2013 . The gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than £ 8.3 m , have never been found . Scroll down for video . The culprits behind the Hatton Garden raid -LRB- pictured -RRB- may have carried out a similarly audacious burglary just two years earlier in Berlin , it has emerged . In a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £ 60m heist in London , thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz , Berlin , in January 2013 . It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London . During that near-identical raid - one of the biggest in London 's jewellery quarter - 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones . The incidents - both of which involved the use of heavy duty drills - enthralled the nation , capturing the public 's imagination with each new detail that emerged . During the Berlin theft , robbers are believed to have spent several weeks tunnelling 100ft underground , before drilling through 3ft of concrete walls to break into a bank 's strongroom . Police were stumped when they discovered a giant hole cut through the wall with what appeared to be four cylindrical devices . Likewise , robbers in London used a heavy duty drill to bore holes into a reinforced , two-metre-thick wall so they could gain access to the safety deposit boxes . It came after the raiders broke into the building on the second floor , disabling the lift before lowering themselves down the shaft and breaking into the basement . Suspects caught on CCTV during the London heist were also dressed as construction workers - a tactic used in the Berlin raid . In a similar fashion to the German heist , the burglars timed their raid over the Easter bank holiday , entering after the premises emptied on Thursday night and leaving on Easter Sunday . The men then climbed back up to the ground floor to let other gang members in through a side entrance , before all making their way to the vaults where they drilled their way inside . In both cases , police are investigating the possibility of an insider helping the thieves . In London , there was no sign of a forced entry through the fire exit door into the company 's premises , indicating they had a key or that someone had let them in from the inside . And in Berlin , police said the thieves had expert knowledge of the layout of the vaults , reiterated by the time they were afforded to create their all-important tunnel . Police later released this photo which they say is one of the suspects in the Berlin tunnel bank robbery . They also released these sketches showing who they believed had carried out the £ 8.3 m raid . No-one has ever been convicted over the crime . Another similarity is the way the burglars disguised themselves before entering the building . The German thieves dressed as workmen and and waited until staff went home for the weekend to enter the bank . The tunnel was not discovered until 6 am on the Monday morning when the robbers set fire to the impressive tunnel which breached one of the bank 's walls . The robbers then simply used crowbars to smash open the safety deposit boxes . CCTV from the London heist also shows how the suspects dressed as construction workers and gasmen . Similarly , they timed their raid over the Easter bank holiday , entering after the premises emptied on Thursday night and leaving on Easter Sunday . Police investigating the Berlin theft were stumped when they discovered a giant hole cut through the wall with what appeared to be four cylindrical devices . The tunnel was not discovered until 6 am on Monday morning when the robbers set fire to the impressive tunnel which breached one of the bank 's walls . Meanwhile , in Berlin , police believe the robbers may have spent weeks digging the tunnel after renting a nearby lock-up garage under a false name , which they used to gain access to the strongroom . One of the theories behind the London jewel heist is that a member of the gang had rented a space within the premises . The Hatton Garden Safe Deposit company is housed in a seven-storey building , which accommodates 60 other businesses , including watch traders and diamond wholesalers . In another similarity , the Metropolitan Police were slammed as ` utterly incompetent ' following the Hatton Garden raid as it emerged that an alarm going off on Good Friday was ignored . In Germany , private security guards were also blamed for ignoring an alarm which went off in the Volksbank 's vaults two days before the crime was discovered . Robbers are believed to have spent several weeks tunnelling 100ft underground and through 3ft of concrete walls to break into a bank 's strong room . Safety boxes remain open after the raid at Volksbank . Police believe the robbers may have spent weeks digging the tunnel after renting a nearby lock-up garage under a false name , which they used to gain access . Meanwhile criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo , by Michael Connelly . The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed ` The Hole In The Ground Gang ' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987 , and were never caught . In the 1986 robbery , the gang tunneled into a bank vault over a long weekend , triggering alarms on the Friday that were not investigated , before raiding safety deposit boxes stored inside the vaults . It was not until the week following the raids that police were called and discovered the robbers had dug into the vault using heavy machinery , in very similar circumstances to the Hatton Garden raid . In both cases , heavy duty drills were used to break through concrete to gain access to the stolen goods . Value of items taken , including jewels , said to be between £ 60m and £ 200m . Raid took place over three-day Easter weekend when workers had left building . 71 safety deposit boxes raided . Burglars used heavy duty drill to bore holes into a reinforced , two-metre-thick wall so they could gain access to boxes . Thieves dressed as workmen and gasmen . Police criticised after alarm ignored on Good Friday . Value of items taken , including diamonds , gold and silver , said to be £ 8.3 m. Raid took place after thieves accessed the building while it was closed for the weekend . 294 security vaults broken into . Burglars also used drill to break through 3ft of concrete walls to break into the bank 's strong room . The thieves disguised themselves as workmen . Security guards criticised after alarm went off two days before tunnel found .