Maryland police are conducting a criminal investigation into the death of a black man who lapsed into a coma and died in their custody a week after his arrest at the Gilmor Homes in Baltimore . Freddie Gray , 27 , died Sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that 's being kept ` secret ' according to his lawyer . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held ` the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center . Scroll down for video . Freddie Gray , 27 , was arrested last Sunday in Baltimore , Maryland , by four officers for an undisclosed violation . In a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged Gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain . Gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later . Gray 's stepfather , Richard Shipley , confirmed the death of his stepson , the Baltimore Sun reported . Shipley said : ` He 's gone . What else is there to say ? ' A timeline released earlier in the week by police said Gray was taken by a prisoner transport van from the ` crime ' scene to the Western District station shortly before 9 am last Sunday . While he was in the van , Gray was put in additional restrains , according to CBS Baltimore . Thirty minutes after he was put in restraints , an ambulance was called to the police station to take Gray to the hospital . Gray suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box , according to his family . Civilian video showed him being loaded into the van , but did not show the entire encounter . During the video , a woman said : ` That boy 's legs look broke . ` His legs -LSB- look -RSB- broke and y ' all dragging him like that . ' The race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave . The alleged violation that led to Gray 's arrest has not been disclosed . Gray died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center , likely from spinal injuries . Justice League NYC organized a rally Saturday night at the Western District station where Gray was taken . An attorney retained by Gray 's family , William ` Billy ' Murphy , described the circumstances leading up to the young man 's death : ` On last Sunday morning at about 8 am , the police chased Freddie Gray , a 27-year-old healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime . ` His take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing Freddie into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain . ` While in police custody , his spine was 80 per cent severed at his neck . ` He lapsed into a coma , died , was resuscitated , stayed in a coma and on Monday , underwent extensive surgery at Shock Trauma to save his life . ` He clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 am . ` We believe the police are keeping the circumstances of Freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility . ` However , his family and the citizens of Baltimore deserve to know the real truth ; and we will not stop until we get justice for Freddie . ' Anyone who witnessed Gray 's arrest or has video of the incident is being asked aid in the investigation . March : Citizens and groups such as the Justice League of NYC took to the streets to protest following the death of Gray on Sunday . Fight for justice : Marchers slowed traffic as they held placards with messages including ` Respect Human Rights ' following the death of Gray yesterday . Taking a stand : Peaceful demonstrators walk with their hands on their heads yesterday in protest over the death of Gray who slipped into a coma and died a week after his arrest by police . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure that her city held ` the right people accountable ' Deputy Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said the criminal investigation was underway . He said : ` It 's a two-part investigation . ` One is a criminal case , for Mr Gray and also the officers . ` We always have that component in there to determine whether there is criminal culpability . ' Rodriguez declined to specify why the officers stopped Gray . ` We had officers in a high-crime area known to have high narcotic incidents , ' he said . ` The officers believe that Mr Gray was immediately involved or recently involved in criminal activity and decided to make contact . ' Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she had the same questions as reporters : ` How was Mr. Gray injured ? ` Were the proper protocols and procedures actually followed ? ` What are the next steps to take from here ? ' She promised a thorough investigation and ` real answers ' for the community . Civilian video showed Gray being loaded in the van , but did not show the entire encounter or how he was hurt . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said the department would try again to share information with the Grays . Gray 's family has declined , so far , to interact with police , according to Police Commissioner Anthony Batts . He said the department would try again this week to share information with them . Batts said : ` Today , on this holy day , a mother has lost her son . ` Freddie Gray passed . My greatest hope and wish and desire is that any time we have an interaction as a police department or a contact , that everyone goes home safe . ` All lives matter . All lives matter in this city . ' The department , an independent review board and the Baltimore prosecutor 's office will investigate the case . The Justice League NYC , which organized a rally Saturday night at the station where Gray was taken , held another protest Sunday afternoon at the site . The Reverend Jamal Harrison Bryant of the Empowerment Temple said at Saturday 's protest : ` What happened to Freddie was unnecessary and uncalled for . ` All of those police officers involved need to be held accountable and answer for what they did and need to be terminated from their positions . ' The first event was scheduled as the league 's ` March2Justice ' reached Baltimore on its way to a rally Tuesday in Washington . The group said in a statement : ` Enough is enough ! Police brutality must end ! ' Gray 's death comes amid a national debate about the deaths of black men at the hands of police . Anyone who witnessed his arrest or has video of the incident is being asked to call police .