She was the woman who inspired three of the greatest love songs of all time and was at the heart of the most famous love triangle in rock history . Married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton , model Pattie Boyd was one of the most envied women in the world . Yesterday at the age of 71 , she wed for a third time -- with a soundtrack provided by her Irish terrier Freddie who did his best to upstage the bride and her new groom , property developer Rod Weston . Scroll down for video . Pattie Boyd has tied the knot for the third time , this time with Rod Weston at Chelsea Registry Office , Chelsea Old Town Hall , in London . Pattie , photographed with Rod and their dog Freddie , was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past . The couple look delighted as their leave the town hall to a shower of confetti . The setting was very rock and roll ; Chelsea Register Office on the King 's Road , where so many of pop 's leading men and women have married over the years . But that 's where any similarity with Pattie 's famous past began and ended . There were still splashes of style , of course , from the Bentley that took the happy couple to their wedding breakfast at the uber-trendy Beaumont Hotel in Mayfair to the presence of Pattie 's fellow Sixties model Edina Ronay . But there were no groupies or hangers-on as there had been when she married Clapton in 1979 or Harrison in 1966 -- just a handful of close friends and family who threw confetti as Pattie and Rod , who have been together almost 25 years , emerged from the cream-painted Rossetti Room arm in arm . And in a nod to the tradition of the bride wearing something borrowed , Patti wore a hat owned by her late friend Pat Booth , the model turned best-selling author who died of cancer in 2009 . Friends of the couple , who live in Kensington , feared they would never tie the knot . ` It 's almost our silver anniversary so we thought we had better get on with it , ' said Weston , 61 . George Harrison -LRB- who died in November 2001 -RRB- and Pattie Boyd , 21 , leave Epsom Registrar Office after their marriage in January 1966 . Eric Clapton married Pattie Boyd , the ex-wife of his friend George Harrison , in 1979 . Since settling down with Weston , Pattie , a former Vogue cover girl , has turned herself into an accomplished photographer and her pictures have been exhibited all over the world . With the death of John Lennon 's ex-wife Cynthia last month , convent-educated Pattie is now the sole surviving first wife of a Beatle . Born in Somerset , she met Harrison on the set of A Hard Day 's Night in 1964 , when she was cast as a schoolgirl in The Beatles ' first film . They were married two years later when she was 21 and Harrison , 22 . He later wrote the song Something for her . It was by no means the only famous song composed for the bewitching beauty . The 70-year-old model , photographer and author , has found love for the third time with Weston . Pattie showcased her age-defying good looks and sartorial prowess in a chic silver and blue coat jacket and silver dress . She accessorised her look with silver sandals and an oversized hat , and carried a posy of flowers as her guests showered her and her new husband with confetti . Eric Clapton , who pursued her passionately , rhapsodised about her refusal to abandon Harrison for him with his anguished and electrifying hit Layla . He also wrote his most famous ballad , Wonderful Tonight , for her . In her 2007 memoir , Wonderful Today , Pattie broke 35 years of silence to describe how after years of mutual anguish which pushed Clapton to the brink of a drug-induced breakdown , she eventually left Harrison to marry Clapton . Her affair with the guitarist started in 1970 after he played Layla to her for the first time . She said : ` He played it to me two or three times , all the while watching my face intently for my reaction . My first thought was , `` Oh God , everyone 's going to know this is about me . '' Pattie , now 71 , met property developer Rod back in 1991 and he became her long-term partner . Pattie with her mother and Diana and sister Jenny at her wedding on Thursday . Pattie , who has graced the cover of Vogue numerous times , and had three of arguably the greatest love songs ever written for her , has had some of the most high-profile relationships of all time . The first time that Pattie tied the knot was to George Harrison in January 1966 and legend Paul McCartney was best man . ` I was married to Eric 's close friend George Harrison , but Eric had been making his desire for me clear for months . ` But with the realisation that I had inspired such passion and creativity , the song got the better of me . I could resist no longer . ' Later that day , Clapton confronted Harrison and said : ` I have to tell you , man , that I 'm in love with your wife . ' They finally got together in 1974 , marrying five years later . But while the songs have gone into rock history the marriage did not last and they split up in 1984 . For Pattie , life these days is a lot less complicated and the bridge-playing former rock chick is happy to start a new chapter in her extraordinary life .