Tony Blair was branded ` out of touch ' last night after claiming that he is ` absolutely not ' in ` the league of the super-rich ' . The former prime minister also suggested he has left British politics behind , declaring that he has ` done British ' and is now more interested in working at a ` global level ' . Claiming the money he generates pays for the ` infrastructure ' around him , Mr Blair said : ` I could not do what I do unless I was also able to generate income ' . Scroll down for video . Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has denied he is super-rich after joined the election campaign for Labour . He added : ` Am I better off than most people ? Yeah , I 'm very lucky . Am I in the league of the super-rich ? Absolutely not , though you will have to make up your own mind about that . ' Mr Blair , who entered the general election fray for Labour this week , spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with Newsweek magazine . Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £ 250,000 for public speaking . Tony Blair spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with Newsweek magazine . Since leaving Number Ten in 2007 , he has established up a complex network of companies , which make it impossible to calculate his exact earnings . He rarely discusses his wealth , though he has dismissed reports he has amassed £ 100 million as ` greatly exaggerated ' , and his allies say he has given millions of pounds to charity . Mr Blair has suggested that in fact , he is worth less than £ 20million , though he and his family are thought to own property worth at least £ 30million . His five-storey central London home , and its accompanying mews house is thought to be worth at least £ 5million , while his Grade I-listed manor house in Buckinghamshire , once owned by Sir John Gielgud , is thought to be worth a similar amount . He and wife Cherie own a further seven properties . Mr Blair , who has been criticised for accepting advisory roles to foreign governments with dubious human rights records , insisted : ` I decided a long time ago that it 's whether I 'm doing the right thing or the wrong thing . ` If it 's the right thing I 'm doing , then I should be doing it even if I am being attacked for it . ' Asked why he works mainly outside his home country , Mr Blair said : ` I 've done British . I suppose where I think I can make most difference is a global level , working on things that had interested me as Prime Minister but was not able to devote myself to in the same way . ' Tony Blair bought this Grade II listed Georgian town house in 2004 in central London worth more than £ 6m . The family purchased the mews house at the rear of their central London property worth approximately £ 1m . Mr Blair and his wife bought this Grade I listed mansion South Pavilion in Wooton Underwood in Buckinghamshire , once owned by Sir John Gielgud which has ncreased in value to almost £ 8 million . In what may be interpreted as criticism of Mr Miliband , as well as other political leaders , he warned that the ` centre ground is not leading strongly ' . As well as the buy-to-let flats in the North West , the Blairs have a considerable portfolio of private homes for themselves and their children . One of Tony and Cherie 's two London properties is a £ 8 million five-storey Georgian townhouse , which they bought in 2004 . Three years later they snapped up the £ 800,000 mews house behind it -- and have since paid off the mortgage . In 2008 they bought a £ 5.75 million Grade I listed Buckinghamshire manor house - now worth in the region of £ 8 million . A £ 1.35 million four-storey Georgian property in the capital was bought for son Nicky , 28 , last year -- paid for in cash . And the couple also paid £ 600,000 in cash for a three-bedroom cottage in Buckinghamshire for Mr Blair 's sister Sarah the same year . They also purchased a £ 3.62 million townhouse in the capital for Euan and his wife Suzanne . The £ 1.2 million mews property behind it was bought for daughter Kathryn . ` Then you get what I would say are basically quack remedies being peddled by the more extreme versions of left or right . Practical evidence-based solutions get squeezed out in favour of policy positions that can be emotionally attractive but practically foolish or even dangerous , ' he added . ` You can see this in the debates around immigration , particularly ... . Patriotism is a great thing , but nationalism , especially of the narrow , partisan sort , always has real danger lurking underneath it ... ` One of the attractions of what I would call a Putin model of leadership is that in an era where the political leaders -LSB- are -RSB- to be hesitant about big positions , you 've got somebody who is taking big positions . ` Now , I would not agree with those positions . But the attraction of that as a model , which is why a lot of these people like -LSB- Marine -RSB- le Pen and -LSB- Nigel -RSB- Farage and people praise him , is that there appears to be certainty about the solution . It 's not a solution I would agree with . But it 's interesting to reflect upon that . ' Conservative MP Charlie Elphicke said : ` First we had ` Two Kitchens Miliband ' lecturing people from his £ 2 million mansion and now multi-millionaire Tony Blair declaring he does n't think he is `` super-rich '' . ` It shows just how out of touch the champagne socialists at the top of the Labour Party are . ' As well as the townhouse the Blairs purchased in 2004 and the country estate the couple bought in 2008 , the family own at least four other large properties around London . They have made an estimated £ 5million from increases in the values of their properties , as well as around £ 100,000-a-year in rent from the flats they own in Manchester and Bristol . The Blairs bought the second of two flats in Bristol for £ 265,000 in 2002 with help of Peter Foster . The two Victorian villas in Urmston , Manchester , have been converted into flats and sold to Mrs Blair and her son for £ 650,000 .