They might be separated by 613 miles , the French Alps and the English Channel but the romance is clearly still very much alive for Pippa Middleton and her stockbroker boyfriend Nico Jackson . Despite reports earlier this year that claimed the pair were on the verge of a split , the two presented a united front as they left a restaurant in Fulham last night . Miss Middleton , 31 , who wore a low-key tailored cream blazer , a heart-print top and dark denim jeans , walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years before leaning in for a brief kiss . Scroll down for video . Romantic evening : Pippa Middleton and boyfriend Nico Jackson share a kiss as they walk down the street . Looking good : The 31-year-old was pretty in a tailored cream blazer , denim jeans and a heart-print top . The Cendrillon leather ballet flats . Buy here ... Visit site . When it comes to flat shoes , Jemima Vine rules the roost . And although the brand is a favorite with celebs , it seems Pippa Middleton has a particularly soft spot for the flat shoe experts . She 's been spotted previously wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design , with this lizard material style being the latest to catch her eye . We can understand why Pippa is so obsessed with them . After all , flat shoes are a staple item in any stylista 's wardrobe , so why would n't you invest in a luxe-looking pair like these that are guarantee to endure season after season ? Take a leaf out of Pippa 's stylish and practical book , and click right to snap them up . But if you 're after a budget buy , then get the look with our edit below with picks from Kohl 's and Nordstrom , we 've made certain that you will certainly find the shoe that fits . BP pointed flats at Nordstrom . Visit site . Kohl 's pointed flat shoe . Visit site . Vince Camuto Hillis flats at Macy 's . Visit site . French Connection pointed flat at Nordstrom . Visit site . Mr Jackson , who at 36 is five years Miss Middleton 's senior , looked equally happy to be there , extending a protective arm around his girlfriend and at one point , giving her famous derrière a pat . The two had been enjoying a romantic supper at upmarket restaurant Margaux , which boasts a menu that ` highlights European classics in a stylish urban setting ' . Although it is not known what Miss Middleton and Mr Jackson ordered , starters include a courgette and basil veloute for £ 8 and wild sea bass ceviche for £ 13 . Among the main courses are seared Orkney scallops served with jerusalem artichoke purée , lemon and black olive for £ 19 , and a pan-seared Angus fillet for £ 29 . Still on : The pair , who had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split , appeared closer than ever . Close : Mr Jackson , 36 , was even seen giving Miss Middleton 's famous derrière a pat . Neither Miss Middleton nor Mr Jackson are any stranger to fine-dining , in particular Geneva-based Mr Jackson , who has some of the world 's top restaurants on his doorstep . London , where the Folkestone-born financier still spends a considerable amount of time , has no shortage of upmarket places to eat , while the ski resorts close to Geneva , among them Gstaad and Verbier , are both awash with eating spots . Mr Jackson was last pictured with Miss Middleton in February , when he accompanied the 31-year-old to the British Heart Foundation 's Roll Out The Red Ball fundraiser . Miss Middleton is a long-standing supporter of the charity and is set to complete the London to Brighton Bike Ride on behalf of the BHF in June . In the meantime , she has the impending birth of her newest niece or nephew to look forward to , with the Duchess of Cambridge 's due date pencilled in for this Saturday . Miss Middleton will be among the first to meet the new arrival and is likely to join the rest of the Middleton clan at Anmer Hall in Norfolk once her sister leaves hospital . Pucker up : The pair shared a kiss as they walked down the road after leaving the Fulham eatery . Good times : Miss Middleton has much to look forward to , with her newest niece or nephew due within days . Upmarket : The pair had enjoyed supper at Fulham 's Margaux which specialises in ` European classics '