On Sunday night , at the Stade Velodrome , it 's the Dockers against the Dauphins . The Stevedores against the Stéphanes . Marseille vs Paris Saint-Germain -- the hard-nosed , port-city , blue-collar roustabouts against the rich , privileged , capital-city-slickers . Or at least , that 's the way many want it portrayed . The way many in Marseille have always viewed it -- and always will . The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of France 's last eight Classique matches . Paris Saint-Germain forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training session . PSG defender David Luiz , formerly of Chelsea , pictured ahead of their clash with French rivals Marseille . Lucas Moura runs during training as PSG prepare to meet Merseille on Sunday night in Ligue 1 . The fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity on Sunday night . Even if the title were not so finely balanced , this fixture guarantees ferocity . Culturally , socially and historically , there is deep enmity . But it is also a contest which pitches Marseille 's ultra-eccentric , ` is he a fraud/is he a genius ? ' coach , Marcelo Bielsa , right where he wants to be . Bear with me , we 'll return to that thought . So obsessive has Bielsa been about football for so long that it has devoured him . The man who took 7,000 videos of matches , goals , players , free-kicks , corners and penalties with him to Japan as coach of Argentina at the 2002 World Cup -LRB- his team were knocked out in the first round -RRB- has reached a stage whereby no matter how well he instructs , no matter how much sagacity there is in that strange old head of his bursting to get out , the damage inflicted by his relentless intensity makes the experience pyrrhic . However , in fairness , pyrrhic does mean victory -- just at too great a cost . Ergo , there has thus far been some success for the man who appointed him -- Marseille president Vincent Labrune . Initially , he reckoned : ` Getting Marcelo , the perfect man for our project , was a huge stroke of luck . ` I still sometimes ask myself how on earth we managed to get a coach like Bielsa . It 's a bit like signing Lionel Messi for 12 months ... ' The sentiment lasted until the Argentine savaged Labrune for his work in the late summer transfer market . Publicly savaged him . With some justification , it must be said . Marseille manager Marcelo Bielsa pictured during a press conference on Friday ahead of the tie . Marseille have not had this many points in Ligue 1 at this stage since winning the title back in 2010 . The two men thrashed out a truce , which has held , in public at least , and that has yielded more of the ` Ready Brek ' glow which can envelop the early stages of a Bielsa infestation . Marseille have not had this many points at this stage since winning the title back in 2010 -- only their second major trophy since 1992 . In terms of firepower and value for money , they have scored 21 and 26 goals more than the last two seasons respectively . At the volatile , passionate , but success-starved Velodrome , the fans sing songs about Argentina and chant Bielsa 's name . In a blue-collar city where nobody says ` please ' , ` thank you ' or ` after you ' , the paying punter loves to hear stories of the players sweating , hard , for their salaries . Yet the usual problems prevail . Bielsa 's deal is for two years , but a ` break ' clause is available to either side in June . He wo n't even hint whether he 's going or staying . There are leaks that some players are exhausted . Bielsa 's bible says , literally : ` Running is commitment , running is understanding , running is everything ' . At Athletic Bilbao , I know for a fact players still think he made them run through minor injuries , damaging their performances . Javi Martínez , if you got him to tell you the truth , left for Bayern , in part , to get away from the guy . Bielsa 's is the Forrest Gump method . Bielsa pictured during the 2002 World Cup in Japan as Argentina competed in Group F . Bielsa took 7,000 videos of matches , goals , players , free-kicks , corners and penalties with him to Japan . After his first season with the Basques ended in sequential 3-0 defeats in the Europa League and Copa del Rey finals , he tried a ` But Brutus is an honourable man ' speech on his players . In his 10-minute monologue he repeated his ` full responsibility ' but basically accused his squad of being cowardly , overpaid , shirkers who had bungled a chance of glory and betrayed the fans . Someone in the dressing room recorded the fork-tongued diatribe and made the audio public . The ultimate betrayal , but caused by disengagement with the Argentine . The plus-side -- as with the Athletic team which wowed Europe en route to dismantling Manchester United in 2013 -- is that when his fanatical methods impact on his players and temporarily makes them super-fit , his teams can thrill . The down-side is the law of diminishing returns . Something the local media understand far more quickly than anyone else . A couple of weeks ago , after a run of poor results , he lectured them . ` It 's completely clear that you 've got it all wrong , ' he accused . ` In the first part of the season , when we were winning , I was `` immense '' and the whole of French football should `` adopt my methods '' . Now you say the opposite . Bielsa 's bible states : ` Running is commitment , running is understanding , running is everything ' ` It 's what has happened to me for the last 30 years . In negative moments everyone abandons you . ` In life we are attracted by what smells good and we flee from what smells bad . Success improves your aroma and defeat gives you an odour . Nobody , nobody , will accompany you to gaining success but everyone will flock to you to share your success once it 's gained . ' The latter part of which should n't , really , have appealed to his players . They won the next match 6-1 at Toulouse . PSG are a different matter . But to return to the original idea , this is where ` El Loco ' yearns to be . Nelson Vivas recalls that when Bielsa 's Argentina were playing Colombia away , he came in from the warm-up and told them : ` In a street fight , there are two kinds of guy . The one who strikes , sees blood , is repelled and recoils . Then there 's one who sees blood and goes all-in to finish off the other . Well lads ... I swear I smell blood in the air out there . ' So of what will Bielsa smell on Sunday night ? Success ? Failure ? Blood ?