Ian Bell rescued England from a nightmare start with a century in the first Test against West Indies that was pay back time for being dropped during his last Caribbean series . After his classy 143 had steered England to 341 for five , after they had been 34 for three , Bell said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor . Bell said : ` It 's been at the back of my mind for some time that I got dropped the last time I was here for a Test series . So I wanted to make this one count and it was very satisfying to do so . I deserved to be dropped at the time and I did a lot of hard yards to get back in . ' Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua on Monday . The 33-year-old kisses the England badge on his helmet after his 22nd Test match century . And Bell rates his hundred one of the best of his 22 -- only Alastair Cook -LRB- 25 -RRB- , out for another low score , and Kevin Pietersen -LRB- 23 -RRB- have scored more . Bell shared century partnerships of 177 with Joe Root , who made 83 and another one of 130 with Ben Stokes who is 71 not out . ` It has to be right up there , ' said Bell . It does n't get much better . The partnership with Joe Root was just what we needed . But the West Indies bowled very well for the first two hours . And Ben Stokes made it a brilliant finish to the day . ' Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009 . Bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with Joe Root and added 130 for the fifth wicket with Ben Stokes . ' It was my day today , but hopefully it will be someone else 's day in the next innings . ` For me , it was nice - coming here in 2009 , this was where I got dropped after our shemozzle in Jamaica , so I was determined to come out and play as well as I could . ` It was nice to come back and put things right . ' Bell raises his bat after being dismissed for 143 in the evening session on day one in Antigua . Kemar Roach runs away to celebrate bowling Alastair Cook out for 11 on the first morning of the Test . Cook , who has n't added to his record haul of 25 centuries since May 2013 , was bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 falling again to a good length ball outside off stump . Roach said : ` Cook has a weakness there , everyone knows it . We let them get away a bit , but Bell batted very well . ' The other two England disappointments were a nervous-looking Jonathan Trott who lasted just three deliveries on his return from ` situational anxiety ' , and Gary Ballance , who also fell to a poor shot .