When it launched eight years ago , cruise company Azamara decided to make a name for itself , literally . The founders took ` aza ' for ` blue ' - think azure ; and added ` mara ' , which has a hint of the maritime about it . And then , for good measure , they bolted on ` Club Cruises ' . The thinking behind ` Club ' was that it suggested exclusivity . The line - part of the Royal Caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet , Journey and Quest , which each carry about 680 passengers . The smaller size of the vessels means not only a more intimate on-board experience - as in TV 's Cheers bar , it can become a place where everybody who serves you soon knows your name - it also means the ships can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels . I boarded our seven-night Azamara Quest cruise from Monaco to Rome with a sense of great expectations : I anticipated a friendly ambience , great service and some interesting ports . I was n't to be disappointed . The Azamara Club Cruises ' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers , making it a more intimate voyage . The size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels . Boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as Monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel . In the harbour we were surrounded on all sides by billionaires ' mega-yachts . But while they and their guests were probably having to fork out vast amounts for their onboard food and drink , on the Azamara Quest we were living in the lap of complimentary luxury . You can enjoy ` standard spirits , international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours ' for no extra charge - and ` gratuities ' on Azamara are included in the basic cost . There is also an unfeasibly wide selection of on-board eating places - there is a Tardis-like feel to the way that something that looks small from the outside can accommodate so much on the inside . Our first stop was St Tropez , which seemed to boast even more stunning luxury yachts than Monaco . In the evening we joined a small party for a special excursion - Azamara prides itself on offering a variety of experiences throughout its cruises - to an ` elegant evening under the stars ' at a favourite celeb hangout , the five-star Chateau de La Messardiere . We gathered around the handsome swimming pool to sip fine champagne and scoff sumptuous mini-pastries as we watched the sun sink into the Mediterranean . Frank boarded a seven-night Azamara Quest cruise from Monaco to Rome with high expectations . The first stop was St Tropez , which seemed to boast even more stunning luxury yachts than Monaco . It was a good time to get early impressions on the cruise from fellow passengers . Everyone was impressed at the high quality of service and facilities - especially those whose previous cruise experiences had been on ` big ' ships . There were high marks for dining , service , decor , the interesting choice of excursions and the excellent value for money . ` We were worried Azamara might be too small , ' said one couple . ` In fact we should have been worried by the fact that our previous trips had been on ships which were too large . We 're sticking with ships this size from now on . ' The days flew by . There were two ports in Corsica : Ajaccio and Porto Vecchio . Famous for its salt pans , Porto Vecchio offered another treat - the AzaMazing evening -LRB- there is one on every cruise -RRB- , a large , free-of-charge party with masses of food , wine and entertainment laid on at a nearby beach that we reached in a fleet of coaches . It felt as if we were gatecrashing an exclusive private party . Famous for its salt pans , Porto Vecchio offered another treat - a large free-of-charge private party . The cruises attracted a wide spread of age groups , from people in their 30s up to their 80s . The accent was on keeping busy , whether by taking interesting excursions or attending well-thought-out lectures on board . But if you did n't want to do anything , there were always spare sunloungers and plenty of space to stretch out next to the pool . After a fine stop at Sardinia , it was on to Italy for Capri and our final stop at Amalfi . I woke early to be up on deck as the ship followed the coast road past Positano . It was so quiet that as we sailed past the small villages , you could hear bells calling people to morning mass . . Frank woke early to be up on deck as the ship followed the coast road past quiet Positano . In Amalfi we caught the local bus up to Ravello - once a favourite place with the Hollywood elite - to enjoy the stunning views along the coast , and then sauntered back down the footpath through lemon trees and sweet-smelling shade until we were back in Amalfi . Our final excursion was one that promised ` Insider Access ' - a drive along the spectacular Amalfi Coast to a buffalo farm in Pontecagnano to discover how mozzarella cheese is made . A bus up to former Hollywood elite favourite Ravello is rewarded with coastal views such as this . One of the happy Asian water buffalo that provide the milk for creamy and delicious mozzarella . Azamara Club Cruises -LRB- 0844 493 4016 -RRB- offers an eight-night Mediterranean cruise aboard the Quest from £ 2,285 pp including return flights from Heathrow , transfers , club balcony cabin and full board . Departing October 15 , it calls at Florence and Pisa , Rome , Sorrento , Sicily , Crete , Santorini and Athens . I 'm not sure what sort of picture I had in my head of the buffaloes from which the milk is taken in order to make the famous Italian cheese , but the big-horned Asian water buffaloes we met came as something of a surprise . The farm we visited was a showpiece with a big herd of cheerful animals , and after watching the manufacturing process we were whisked off to the owners ' farmhouse where we were able to sample the goods in rural splendour . On our return to the ship there was time to reflect on a pleasurable week at sea . The company 's name may mean ` blue sea ' - for me I will always remember it as ` my blue heaven ' .