Lionel Messi has recovered from his injured foot and should be fit to start Sunday 's La Liga match with Celta Vigo . The Argentina forward sat out both of his country 's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break but , after arriving back in Barcelona on Thursday , was able to do some light running and stretching in training . Messi is ahead of schedule in his recovery and a statement on the club 's website read : ` The inflammation of Messi 's foot has improved and the player will attempt to join the rest of the internationals tomorrow . ' Lionel Messi waves to fans during a light training session at Barcelona on Thursday . Messi had a light training session alongside compatriot Javier Mascherano as he recovers from foot injury . The pair returned to the Barcelona training ground on Thursday , 24 hours ahead of schedule . Messi and Mascherano stretch off during Thursday 's training session , with Celta Vigo ahead on Sunday . April 5 Celta Vigo -LRB- A -RRB- . April 8 Almeria -LRB- H -RRB- . April 11 Sevilla -LRB- A -RRB- . April 15 Paris Saint-Germain -LRB- A -RRB- . Champions League Quarter-final , first leg . April 18 Valencia -LRB- H -RRB- . April 21 Paris Saint-Germain -LRB- H -RRB- . Champions League Quarter-final , second leg . The 27-year-old , who is the La Liga top goalscorer with 32 goals , sustained the blow to his right foot in last month 's ` Clasico ' win over Real Madrid . He trained alongside his compatriot Javier Mascherano on Thursday and both are expected to rejoin the rest of the squad in a more intense session on Friday . Barcelona 's 2-1 success stretched their lead over their arch-rivals to four points with 10 matches remaining . Real host Granada on Sunday , seeking to recover from a poor run of three defeats in four across all competitions . Coach Luis Enrique will be making his first return to the Balaidos Stadium where he guided Celta to a respectable ninth-place finish last season . And there is evidence that Enrique 's legacy has lasted , with the team currently in 10th , having recorded some surprise results this season , including a 1-0 win at the Nou Camp back in November . Neymar runs with the ball during Barcelona 's training , closely watched by Xavi . Marc Bartra and Neymar during Barcelona 's training session ahead of Sunday 's trip to Celta Vigo . Thomas Vermaelen and Marc-Andre ter Stegen are put through their paces at the Ciutat Esportiva . They have also taken four points off defending champions Atletico Madrid this season - winning 2-0 at home and drawing 2-2 away . With their formidable attacking trio of Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez in top form , Barca have every chance of winning the Treble of league , Copa del Rey and Champions League . They face Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final and have been drawn against Paris Saint-Germain in the last eight of the Champions League . Barcelona in training ahead of Sunday 's visit to Celta Vigo , where they will aim to extend their four-point lead . Barcelona currently enjoy a four-point advantage over Real Madrid at the La Liga summit . Defender Gerard Pique said he has enjoyed watching the explosive forward line from the back this season . ` I think the team still has the same philosophy but we have a lot of options , ' Pique said . ` With the three great players we have up front , we have n't had to change the way we play but we do deliver a lot of balls to them because we know they will create scoring chances . ` We still dominate games . The style and philosophy remain the same . Barca always has to be the team that takes the initiative . '