They 've steamrolled past top-four rivals Tottenham , Liverpool and Manchester City in their current six-game Premier League winning streak , and Manchester United are looking to make it seventh heaven when they travel to table-toppers Chelsea on Saturday . Ahead of the blockbuster clash at Stamford Bridge , the United squad were pictured travelling down to London on Friday afternoon . Led by captain Wayne Rooney the Red Devils ' contingent commuted via Stockport Railway Station to the English capital . Wayne Rooney -LRB- left -RRB- and Ashley Young were among the Manchester United stars who made the trip to London via train on Friday ahead of this weekend 's Premier League clash at Chelsea . Radamel Falcao -LRB- left -RRB- or Robin van Persie -LRB- right -RRB- could start up front for United vs Chelsea on Saturday . United boss Louis van Gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of their clash against the Blues . It was earlier revealed that the 29-year-old striker may have to revert to a midfield role against the Blues after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four United players ruled out of the clash due to injury . However , Van Gaal is able to call upon the services of in-form midfielder Juan Mata who is returning to the home of his former club for the first time on Saturday . Mata , who won three trophies in two-and-a-half successful seasons at the Bridge , posted a picture via his Instagram account as the United players boarded the train on Friday afternoon . Accompanied with the caption : ` I got back to London a few times , but this one it 's different ... Big game , lots of memories , great day of football ! ... #CFC vs #MUFC ' United 's No 8 was all smiles as he gears up for what promises to be emotional return to west London . Alongside the injuries of Carrick and Blind , United duo Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo were also absent from the train ride - with the quartet all suffering injuries following United 's 4-2 win over bitter rivals Manchester City on April 12 . The club 's injury setback means that Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho 's side . And the latter was all smiles alongside Victor Valdes as they travelled down to London on Friday . Falcao is one of several selection dilemmas that Van Gaal and assistant boss Ryan Giggs have to make for the trip against Chelsea ; in what the Dutchman described as ` the worst scenario ' . Michael Carrick -LRB- left -RRB- limped off against Manchester City while Marcos Rojo picked up an injury soon after . Van Gaal also revealed in his pre-match press conference that Daley Blind -LRB- left -RRB- and Phil Jones are out . Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- has impressed up front in recent weeks but may have to drop further back into midfield . Van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- puts his arm round Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney during training this week . Van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- has revealed that Rooney may play in holding midfield role against Chelsea . 4-1-4-1 : De Gea ; Valencia , Smalling , Blackett , Shaw ; Rooney ; Mata , Herrera , Fellaini , Young ; Falcao . ` I have to tell that we have four injuries who played the last match so that 's not so good for us , ' said Van Gaal . ` We had very good hope that we should recover two of the four but it 's not like that . Carrick is out and Rojo is out , but also Blind and Jones , ' the 63-year-old said at United 's pre-match press conference on Friday . ` That 's the worst scenario because Rojo and Jones are good players at the left central defender position . Evans is suspended so we do n't have many choices . Blind and Carrick could play the midfield holding position and I do n't have any other option , or I have to play Wayne Rooney in that position again . I have to puzzle a lot for tomorrow . ` Other players can take profit of the momentum now . It 's always like that . It 's not special in the life of a manager or a team . ` You have seen that I took Jones off pitch -LRB- against Manchester City -RRB- because of injury , you have seen that Carrick was off the pitch , you have seen the tackle of Kompany against Blind . Only Rojo is a little bit surprising because he felt it the day after the match . ` It 's because of the distance between the matches . Blind and Jones were very close to playing but it was not enough . ` Other players can take profit of the moment now . It 's always like that . It 's not special in the life of a manager or a team . ' Van Gaal addresses the media ahead of Man United 's crucial Premier League clash with Chelsea on Saturday . Luke Shaw has n't featured under Van Gaal recently but should return to play at left back . Mata -LRB- right -RRB- is closed down by his Man United team-mates during a training session on Friday . Maroaune Fellaini will be hoping to continue his impressive form against Chelsea on Saturday evening . Fellaini -LRB- centre right -RRB- is embraced by his team-mates after scoring against rivals Manchester City last week . Sports analysts BSports predict that a Chelsea win is easily the most likely outcome at Stamford Bridge . Asked if Shaw could return for the first time since being substituted in the FA Cup defeat to Arsenal last month amid concerns over his fitness , Van Gaal replied : ` Maybe you shall see tomorrow -LSB- Saturday -RSB- . You never know . Luke is fit enough I think . He has already had more than four or five weeks with no match and I do n't like that . But we train and I think he is fit enough . ' With Chelsea holding an eight-point lead and a game in hand over third-placed United , Van Gaal believes it is asking too much for his team to win the title . He also claimed that Mourinho will be happy with a draw . ` It 's still possible , I 've said that before , ' he added . ` It is not logical but it is possible . It 's more when and if , and I do n't believe in when and if . I believe in facts . The fact is that we are behind Chelsea . ` But , alright , we have to play against them and so do Arsenal so we can lay pressure on Chelsea 's shoulders . You never know , you 've seen it in previous Premier League seasons . So I can not say it is not possible , but it is not logical . ` They play at home but I think that Chelsea will be satisfied with a draw . Of course they will want to beat Manchester United and we want to beat them , the question is how long players can play in the discipline . Robin van Persie -LRB- back right -RRB- has only been training with United for a week but may return to feature . ` We live for these titles , we are doing this for that . The only satisfaction you have as a manager is when you win a title . When you are second or third you can play Champions League , but a title is more fixed for you and you have your name on it . That 's why managers are fixated on titles . When you reach that goal you are happy . ` To be involved in the game with young people to reach a goal , that is also a goal of mine . That is why I 'm still a manager because I do n't have to work anymore -- you can count on that . I like to work with young people and help them in their career . ' Van Gaal gave a young Mourinho his break in coaching at Barcelona . Asked to compare the Portuguese with his current assistant Ryan Giggs , the United boss admitted that he has been surprised by the Old Trafford legend 's work ethic . He said : ` It 's always difficult . People compare with each other because Jose Mourinho was not the world-class player that Ryan Giggs was . So that 's the same thing with me . I was not as world-class as , for example , Johann Cruyff yet our ambition is maybe then higher . ` But I have to admit that I could not imagine when I spoke with him -LRB- Giggs -RRB- in May or June to ask him to be my assistant manager and we spoke about how we saw it , that he works very hard . As an ex-player you are not used to working very hard and he is a very hard worker , and he reads the game very well like Jose . But to manage a group you have to work , and what I can see is that he 's learning quickly . ' Chris Smalling celebrates after netting the fourth goal in the comprehensive victory at Old Trafford .