Talk about gobby ! This little fellow has been born with FIVE mouths - believed to be the most ever seen on a calf . The strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother 's udders . But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths . He is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born , in Narnaul , northern India . Scroll down for video . On everyone 's lips : This calf in northern India has five mouths and is attracting a stream of human visitors . Normal body : From the neck down the baby , who has been called Nandi , looks like any other calf . Dinner time : Nandi sucks from his mother 's udders with one of his mouths . She feeds him three times a day . Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna . It can also mean ` one who pleases others ' . In India 's Hindu culture , cows are revered as a symbol of life . Nandi is attracting a constant stream of visitors wanting to celebrate him . Many of them kneel before him to pray and touch his hooves . Local vet Sukhbir Singh said that despite Nandi 's appearance , he is healthy and thriving . But the calf 's two eyes are positioned in such a way on his distorted head that he can only see to his sides and ca n't look in front of him . One eye is blue and the other black . Other strange-looking bovine have been recorded in recent years , including a buffalo with three mouths and three eyes that was in in 2009 , also in northern India , in 2009 . Last month a bull with two faces - one on top the other - was sold to an abattoir in Queensland , Australia . The 440 kg animal fetched around £ 300 in the auction at Mareeba Livestock Yard . Celebrating him : Local schoolchildren kneel and pray at Nandi 's feet . Cows are revered in the Hindu faith . Garlanded : Wreaths such as those around the calf 's neck are traditionally used in India during worship . Baby teeth : One of Nandi 's mouths is clearly bigger than the others , which hang around his face . Two years ago , an American farm revealed it had a calf with two heads but only one brain . Vets said the little heifer , in Whiting , Vermont , was meant to be a twin but the egg did not separate properly in the womb . Each head mimicked the other , meaning when she was feeding with one of her mouths , her other mouth was sucking too . Two-faced : This 440 kg bull , which has faces on top of each other , was sold to an abattoir last month . Double-headed : The female calf born that was born in Whiting , Vermont , two years ago . Tired out : Both her mouths sucked at the same time because they were operated by a single brain .