Lee Clark admitted Blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after an evening in which their relegation into Sky Bet League One was marked by pre-match supporters ' protests against Karl Oyston . Disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside of Bloomfield Road before a 1-1 draw with Reading , hurling eggs at the directors ' boxes windows and launching a flare , smoke bomb and firework in front of the main entrance to the West Stand , where Oyston and his family usually watch games . They repeatedly chanted for Oyston to leave a club that became the first in the Football League to be demoted following Rotherham 's win over Brighton on Easter Monday . Lee Clark admitted Blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after relegation . Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead during the draw against Reading . But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed . Yakubu tussles with Costa Rica international Jose Cubero , who enjoyed a rare start for Blackpool . Some of those fans did not even enter the ground and missed a contest short on incident , with Grant Hall 's own goal 20 seconds after the restart earning the Royals a point following Jamie O'Hara 's opening goal for the hosts from the penalty spot . Clark acknowledged that a ` horrendous season ' had contributed to the swathes of empty seats at recent home matches but is hopeful of winning back those disillusioned fans by rebuilding his squad over the summer . ` We 're down a level and that 's going to be hard , ' he said of getting fans back through the turnstiles at Bloomfield Road . ` We 've obviously had a horrendous season to put up with , but if we do it right with our recruitment process over the summer , we do things in the right way and get the right type of players in - then they can come and watch us over the pre-season and see a new group of players that they can get excited about that we can get them back on to the seats . ` The only way we can do that is by getting a group together that 's going to give us a fighting chance to get back up and we hit the ground running at the start of the season . ' Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . Those that did opt to turn up saw bottom-of-the-table Blackpool gain a third successive draw to move to 25 points , one away from the lowest ever total accrued by a side in the second tier when there have been 24 teams . Following the confirmation of their relegation , Clark was keen to produce a performance for the long-suffering Seasiders faithful . ` It was important that we did put on a lively performance because with the news -LRB- on Monday -RRB- it has been tough for everybody , but more importantly it 's been tough for the supporters , ' he stressed . ` I just thought it was important we gave them some kind of performance . I just wish we could have got a victory . ' A fan walks out of a Fish and Chips shop , next to a shop selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . Reading had made a nightmare start , conceding just six minutes in when O'Hara converted from 12 yards after Zat Knight had upended Gary Madine from behind . But it was the visitors who were quick off the mark in the second period as a shot from Aiyegbeni Yakubu struck Hall in the face and went over the line . ` I 'm disappointed with the first half , I do n't like when we start like that , ' said Royals boss Steve Clarke . ` We did n't really recover from that , we just really coasted along , we did n't try to make anything happen . Second half at least we tried to make something happen . ` We got off to a flyer and having got back to 1-1 I 'm a little bit disappointed we did n't take anything on a horrible night on a horrible pitch . '