Ed Miliband was last night accused of snubbing Britain 's army of self-employed workers -- for refusing to send them a special Election message . The Labour leader prompted claims that he was worried about upsetting his party 's ` union paymasters ' . In a special Election edition , the magazine of the respected Association of Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed -LRB- IPSE -RRB- carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves . Scroll down for video . No message : Ed Miliband was last night accused of snubbing Britain 's army of self-employed workers -- for refusing to send them a special Election message in the IPSE magazine . But while David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature , there is no message from Mr Miliband . Instead , the magazine has pointedly published a blank page where his contribution would have been -- with a sharp rebuke . It reads : ` Despite repeated requests , Labour leader Ed Miliband decided not to take up IPSE 's offer to outline his views on the UK 's 4.5 million self-employed . ' Last night , IPSE chief executive Chris Bryce said : ` We were disappointed that Mr Miliband did n't take up our offer to engage with this vibrant community . ' Refused to contribute : While David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature , there is no message from Mr Miliband in the magazine . But one leading self-employed businessman said : ` Labour depends on union subscriptions for funding and in reality , few of the self-employed are union members . This is not so much a slap in the face to the self-employed as a left hook . ' Labour last night denied it had delivered a snub . A party spokesman said : ` We want to do all we can to ensure a better deal for self-employed people . ' But the Conservatives and Lib Dems seized on the row . Tory chairman Grant Shapps said : ` Some of our greatest success stories started with a self-employed person and an idea . ` Ed Miliband 's approach is to snub enterprising people and tax them into the ground . ' Lib Dem Treasury Chief Secretary Danny Alexander said : ` This is another Labour slap in the face for the millions of self-employed who bring energy and dynamism to our economy . This is a vital sector that deserves respect and admiration . ` Every time figures show this sector is growing , Labour sneer . '