A man has been arrested after the body of a 22-year-old missing Indiana University student was found more than 20 miles from campus . Police confirmed that Hannah Wilson 's body was found on Friday in the rural area of Needmore , Indiana , which is about an hour drive outside Bloomington , where she attended school , police said . Daniel Messel , 49 , of Bloomington , was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder . Brown County Coroner Earl Piper told the Herald Times that Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object , which was not found at the scene . Scroll down for video . Indiana University student Hannah Wilson , 22 , was last seen at about 1 am on Friday . Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore , which is more than 20 miles from the Bloomington campus . A photo circulated social media on Friday in hopes of finding the Gamma Phi Beta sorority sister who was studying psychology . Piper said Wilson was found fully clothed and there was no sign of sexual assault , according to Sky News . Piper said that Wilson would have been dead four to seven hours when police were notified that she was missing on Friday , the Indy Star reported . With that being the timeline , Wilson , a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU , would have died sometime between 1.30 am and 4.30 am . The connection between Messel and Wilson is unclear , police said . The young woman was last seen at around 1 am on Friday , according to the Crimson Quarry . Toxicology reports for the woman will not be available for ten to 14 days . Information surrounding Wilson 's disappearance has not been released , but she went missing on the same weekend of celebrations for the Little 500 , an annual bicycle race held on campus that is known for its party atmosphere . Though rumors circulated on Twitter that Wilson was last seen getting into an Uber car - creating a possible connection to Messel being a driver - an Uber spokesperson told a Herald Times reporter that he was not a driver with the company . Daniel Messel , 49 , of Bloomington , was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge . Wilson , originally from Fishers , Indiana , was a senior studying psychology at the university . ` I ca n't even stop crying , ' a friend of Wilson told WTHR . ` I keep expecting her to text me back or to wake up and this all be a horrible nightmare . ' A friend of Wilson 's , Matt Molewyk , posted a tribute to his ` best friend ' on his Facebook fan page along with the pair of them together standing behind DJ equipment . He wrote : ` She was always there when I needed to talk and complain about trivial things . She could always get me to laugh when I was down . ` She 's the rare type of person that really makes an impact on you . She was so loving and down to earth . She cared about everyone and she was a genuine person , which is rare these days . ' He added that he planned to dedicate his DJ set on Friday to Wilson and that she was ` one of , if not the most loyal friend ' he had . Matt Molewyk , pictured here with Wilson , wrote a tribute to his friend on Facebook , claiming that Wilson was ` one of , if not the most loyal friend ' he had . Molewyk said that Wilson had an ` infectious ' laugh and that he wished she was on stage with him like she had been in the past . He added : ` She was a wonderful human being and I hope that when the day comes that I leave this earth , that I can hopefully leave half as much of a positive impression on people as she did . ` I truly love you Hannah , and I would give anything and everything I have just to hangout with you one more day . I would even trade places with you because I am not half the person you are . ` I love you so much , and I will never forget you . I know you supported me and I am going to continue to pursue my dreams in hopes that I can make you proud and hopefully leave a positive impact on people , like you have left on me . ` I am so lucky to have had all the time that I did with you - thank you for being my friend and putting up with me . I love you so much Hoon . ' Wilson went missing on the same night as the Little 500 , an annual celebration surrounding a bicycle race on campus that is known for its party atmosphere . Police have not revealed information as to the connection between Wilson -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Messel . Other friends , too , posted photos together with Wilson and mourned the loss of the woman on social media . Indiana University released a statement on the incident Friday . Wilson 's death comes four years after Indiana University student Lauren Spierer went missing in 2011 . She was never found . ` The entire IU Bloomington community mourns the tragic death of Hannah Wilson . Our deepest sympathies go out to Hannah 's family and friends during this unspeakably sad time , ' the statement read . Gamma Phi Beta sorority also released a statement regarding Wilson 's death . ` The entire Gamma Phi Beta family mourns the tragic loss of Hannah . She was a sister , friend and cherished member who will be genuinely missed , ' International president Krista Davis said . She continued : ` Our thoughts and prayers are with Hannah 's friends , family and the women of Beta Phi Chapter ' . This is not Messel 's first run in with the police , according the the Indiana Daily Student . He was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated and endangering persons in 1995 . A year later he was sentenced to eight years in prison for battery by means of a deadly weapon and battery resulting in serious bodily injury . Indiana State Police have yet to release more information about the case . This is n't the first time , however , a woman has gone missing from IU 's campus . Lauren Spierer was 20 years old when she went missing in 2011 . Jill Behrman disappeared after going for a bike ride in 2011 . Both cases still remain unsolved . Both Indiana University and the national organization of Gamma Phi Beta released statements regarding Wilson 's -LRB- right -RRB- death . Gamma Phi 's international president said Wilson was a ` sister , friend and cherished member who will genuinely be missed '