Court bill of £ 500 : Kim Copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local Sainsbury 's store in Coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground . A grandmother of four told of her fury today after being fined more than £ 500 for dropping a cigarette butt . Kim Copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local Sainsbury 's store in Coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came ` sprinting ' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . Miss Copeland was then issued with a £ 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in October last year , but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated . However , after failing to pay , she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates ' Court on March 17 . She was then fined £ 304 by magistrates who also ordered her to pay £ 200 court costs . Miss Copeland was unable to attend the hearing because she had to look after her son Chez , 17 , who has autism , and has now criticised the city council for taking her to court . She said : ` I was doing some shopping and was walking back home and cut through a couple of car parks . I heard these tyres screeching behind me and all of a sudden two women got out and started sprinting towards me . ` I did n't know whether to drop my shopping and put my hands in the air or walk towards them . I realised they had council uniforms on and they starting asking me if I was aware I had committed a criminal offence . ` The first thing I thought was something had n't gone through the till properly at Sainsbury 's . I had n't even realised I had a cigarette . It is just automatic . ` I must have lit one up when I came out of the shop . My generation just discard the butts on the floor . If I had dumped a three-piece suite , then fair enough - but it was just a cigarette end . ' Miss Copeland added : ` They were just so stern and officious . The way they spoke to me was horrible . It is the whole manner , they acted as if I had murdered somebody . ' The grandmother , who also has three grown-up daughters , is now considering whether to pay the fine by the deadline - which is tomorrow . If she refuses she could be taken back to court . Hearing : After failing to pay Miss Copeland was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates ' Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Miss Copeland said : ` I 've been treated like I have committed a major criminal offence . I did n't pay because of how they were towards me but also the principle . ` I 've always been led to believe the punishment should fit the crime and in this case it does n't . I find it shocking . They are now saying I will face imprisonment if I do n't pay the fine . ` I do n't want to pay it because I wo n't sleep at night if I do , but I might have to . I thought they were bluffing and it was scaremongering - I ca n't believe they took someone to court over something this little . ' A Coventry City Council spokesman said the authority had a ` zero tolerance ' policy towards litter . Andrew Walster , who oversees the council 's streets policy , added : ` It costs us about £ 2.5 million a year to clean the streets in Coventry . There are plenty of litter bins within the city . '