Diamond fraudster Anna Foord jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags using cash she swindled from her victims . A diamond fraudster who jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags using the cash she swindled from her victims is facing jail . Anna Foord , of Elstree , Hertfordshire , convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent , a court heard . The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue 's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made . She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £ 1.5 m ` boiler room ' scam . But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges . Foord was clutching a £ 1,000 Louis Vuitton bag when police arrested her while it was later revealed how she had her collection of expensive Jimmy Choo shoes destroyed in an attempt to conceal the fraud . The court heard how smooth-talking salesmen convinced clients the diamonds were a better investment prospect than gold and would pay handsome returns . But in reality , the diamonds were ` what the miners leave on the floor ' and the gang were using their victims as ` cash cows ' , the court heard . Prosecutor Esther Schutzer-Weissman told how diamond investors lost in excess of £ 1.5 m. ` The caller was persuasive , the caller was persistent and always suggesting to the investor that purchasing coloured diamonds was an investment that would get good and reliable returns , ' she said . ` They were told often that diamonds would be scarcer and rarer and therefore more valuable because a mine , or mines , were closing or had closed . ` They were told this was a limited time opportunity and they were told that the investment was guaranteed to provide a good return , depending of course on how long the diamond was kept before selling on . ` Calls would be followed by letters that provided more concrete information about the investment prospect of the stones . ' Shopping sprees of £ 6,135 , £ 1,240 and £ 1,726 took place at Selfridges and Harrods in London and Bloomingdales in New York , the court heard . One conman , Hider Eshpari , 28 , boasted that he lived in a penthouse and drove a top of the range Audi A6 before duping a retiree out of £ 15,500 . The court heard one victim was told an orange yellow diamond 's worth would rocket at Chinese New Year when demand for the diamonds increased and he bought it for £ 14,450 . But the gem was in fact worth just £ 440 . Farouq Eshpari -LRB- right -RRB- was found guilty of money laundering while Safia Eshpari -LRB- left -RRB- admitted a similar charge . A jury unanimously found Foord guilty of one count of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering . Co-defendant Farouq Eshpari , 55 , of Enfield , Middlesex , was also found guilty of money laundering . Farouq 's sons , Omar Eshpari , 34 , and Hider Eshpari , 28 , admitted conspiracy to defraud before the trial while wife Safia Eshpari , 52 , admitted money laundering . Omar is already serving a seven year sentence for a £ 3million land banking fraud which preyed on elderly and vulnerable people . Co-accused Billy Cosma , 23 , was unanimously cleared of conspiracy to defraud and defendants Anton Howell , 28 , and Rommell Brown , 31 , were also cleared of two charges each of conspiracy to defraud . Foord and the Eshpari family , all of Enfield , Middlesex , will return for sentence at Southwark Crown Court in May . Speaking after the case , Detective Constable Claire Bailey of the City of London Police , said : ` Boiler room fraud is a crime that destroys retirements and ruins lives . Farouq 's sons , Omar Eshpari -LRB- left -RRB- , 34 , and Hider Eshpari -LRB- right -RRB- , 28 , admitted conspiracy to defraud before the trial . Shopping sprees of £ 6,135 , £ 1,240 and £ 1,726 took place at Selfridges and Harrods -LRB- pictured -RRB- in London and Bloomingdales in New York , the court heard . ` Victims were led to believe they were investing their savings in diamonds that could only increase in value and would provide them with regular and healthy dividends when in reality they were putting their money and trust in a carefully constructed scam designed to make the fraudsters a fortune . ` The City of London Police are very pleased this complex and extensive investigation has finally resulted in this organised crime gang facing the justice they deserve , something that I hope will provide some solace to their victims . ` We would also advise anyone who is contacted by a cold-caller trying to sell them something to simply hang up the phone and do not engage with this person on any level . ' Speaking after the verdicts Rommell Brown , 31 , spoke of his relief at clearing his name . ` The right verdict has been passed - the correct people have been found innocent and the correct people have been found guilty . ` I just want to say to the victims as well , I am sorry and I did work for those people in good faith and I am sorry for the losses that have been incurred as well - I truly am , ' he said .