If you 're an iPhone or iPad owner , your encrypted passwords , bank details and other private details may be at risk from hackers . Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking . This includes Uber , Microsoft 's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster and the flaw leaves any information , even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection , potentially open to hackers . Search for apps below . Estimates from security researchers suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking . This includes Uber , Microsoft 's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster . Use the tool above to see if your favourite apps are vulnerable to the flaw . It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of AFNetworking . The flaw was active between 24 January until it was flagged up on 25 March . The day the flaw was announced , and subsequently patched , there were said to be 20,000 iOS apps using the AFNetworking library and that were updated or released on the App Store after the flawed code was added . Not all apps and developers use AFNetworking , and figures suggest the source code library features on around 100,000 apps in total . The flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of AFNetworking . The Uber app is shown left and its vulnerability report , taken from SourceDNA 's online tool is shown right . The security researchers are asking readers to highlight any apps still at risk in the comments on its blog post . At the time of writing , Microsoft 's OneDrive -LRB- vulnerability report is pictured -RRB- is still at risk , as is Citrix OpenVoice Audio Conferencing and Alibaba.com . The flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 . The flaw was active between 24 January until it was flagged up in 25 March . The day the flaw was announced , and subsequently patched , there were said to be 20,000 iOS apps using the AFNetworking library and that were updated or released on the App Store after the flawed code was added . Within the 20,000 potentially vulnerable apps , security experts at SourceDNA found that 55 per cent were running version 2.5.0 older . Some 40 per cent were not using the section of the library that applied to secure connections , leaving 5 per cent , or around 1,000 apps , at risk . Within the 20,000 potentially vulnerable apps , security experts at SourceDNA found that 55 per cent were running version 2.5.0 older . Some 40 per cent were not using the section of the library that applied to secure connections , leaving 5 per cent , or around 1,000 apps , at risk . SourceDNA has continued to monitor these apps and created a search tool to let developers - and phone users - check to see if their apps and devices are at risk . The security researchers are asking readers to highlight any apps still at risk in the comments on its blog post . At the time of writing , Microsoft 's OneDrive is still at risk , as is Uber , Citrix OpenVoice Audio Conferencing and Alibaba.com . ` It amazes us that an open-source library that introduced a security flaw for only six weeks exposed millions of users to attack , ' said SourceDNA in the post . ` As apps continue to be patched and released , we 'll keep you informed as to how quickly developers are addressing this major flaw . ` We 've already seen some good uptake of the fixed 2.5.2 version in the latest versions of vulnerable apps - kudos to Yahoo for quickest patch - but some are still in the App Store review queue . '