This is the stomach-churning moment two young girls are catapulted 100mph into the air on a slingshot ride with their terrified - and deafening - reactions caught on camera . Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach , Florida , over the weekend . At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back . Get us out of here ! This is the stomach-churning moment two young girls are catapulted 100mph into the air on a slingshot ride with their terrified - and deafening - reactions caught on camera . However , when they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes . At one point Carmarie - who appears to be older - tells Kanya : ` If I die , tell my mama I love her . ' But her sidekick points out if she 's going , ` honey ... I 'm -LSB- going to -RSB- be dead too ! ' ` Jesus mercy of killers , ' she adds at another point . Ready , set , go ! At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . Finally , after bungying up and down for around a minute the slingshot slows down , allowing the girls to catch their breath . To date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on Facebook . Many viewers have deemed the clip ` hilarious ' and ` cute ' while commending the girls for not cursing . One commenter wrote : ` True friends and shows when you fear something , you call out your mom , God and the closest to you . ' Indy Speedway regularly uploads videos of its clients , with many people having the same reaction to Carmarie and Kanya . Internet fame : To date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on Facebook . Losing consciousness : Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force -LRB- seen left -RRB- , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .