Philip Garrod , 43 , was caught by a speed camera doing 105mph on his powerful Suzuki motorbike . A lying paramedic was struck off for faking a 999 emergency call-out to try and get off a driving ban after being caught speeding at 105mph on his motorbike . Philip Garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service when he was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike . He pleaded guilty and was fined £ 650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban . At Dolgellau Magistrates Court , Garrod had claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the A470 at Dolgellau in north Wales . But the judge ordered an adjournment to take various witness statements before making a decision on his driving ban . That 's when bosses began their own investigations and discovered the extent of Garrod 's lies and opened a special misconduct hearing . Yesterday , the disciplinary hearing was told Garrod filled in a ` patient clinical record ' for the bogus call to back up his false story . Garrod - a paramedic for ten years - was caught out when ambulance chiefs checked to find no record of the 999 call on the day of his speeding ticket . The panel heard the ambulance trust had no records of any 999 alert on the A470 at Dolgellau , North Wales , on 25 April 2011 - the day he was caught speeding . A report from the Health and Care Professionals Council said : ` The conduct was deliberate and was designed to mitigate the fact that he had been caught speeding . ` His actions were pre-meditated as he went as far as falsifying documentation to support his story . ` This would be deemed to be dishonest by the ordinary standards of reasonable and honest people . ' Garrod claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the A470 at Dolgellau but was caught out when bosses checked 999 records . Father-of-two Garrod did not attend the disciplinary hearing in Cardiff but said in writing he had ` confused the dates ' . Garrod denied five allegations relating to providing false statements , creating a false patient clinic record and dishonesty . But he was struck off after being found guilty of misconduct . The disciplinary hearing ruled : ` Such conduct by a health professional falls well below the standards expected of a registered health professional and consequently amounts to misconduct . '