Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player . The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of Real . Yet , once the emotions have settled , Real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve . They agreed an option with Manchester United last summer that would £ 7.5 million of a final sum of around £ 15million paid at the end of the season , but Real want to place their money elsewhere . Javier Hernandez wheels away after scoring against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final . The Mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send Real Madrid through to the semi-finals . Despite his heroics , Real are unlikley to take up an option of making the Man United star 's loan permanent . United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez who has one year left on contract and his exploits in the Bernabeu will only strengthen their hand . Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them while Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight . Lazio , who tried to sign him in January before realising he had already played for United this season , maintain an interest while Premier League sides such as Everton , Newcastle , West Ham and Stoke have also asked to be kept informed . Southampton may yet strike a deal involving Nathaniel Clyne going the other way while La Liga rivals Valencia are also among his admirers . The forward is not wanted at United , but has attracted interest from a number of clubs home and abroad . Real Madrid stars -LRB- L-R -RRB- Pepe , Critsiano Ronaldo , Dani Carvajal and Sergio Ramos celebrate victory . Hernandez has spoken of his frustration at Madrid this season , he has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football , averaging just under a goal per game and two more in cup competitions . Hamstring premitting , he will likely start at Celta Vigo on Sunday , at home to Almeria next midweek and potentially against Sevilla depending on the recovery of Karim Benzema . 20 September , 2014 : Two in 8-2 win away at Deportivo . 18 October , 2014 : One in a 5-0 away win at Levante . 29 October , 2014 : One in 4-1 Copa del Rey win at Cornella . 11 April , 2015 : One in 3-0 league victory over Eibar . 22 April , 2015 : Winner in 1-0 aggregate victory over Atletico -LRB- Champions League -RRB- . Appearances : 24 Goals : 6 .