Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish has revealed he wants to bring in extra investment so the club can improve their Selhurst Park home . The Premier League side , who beat champions Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night , have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris - an American businessman who already owns the Philadelphia 76ers NBA team and the NHL outfit the New Jersey Devils . But Parish , who has been at Palace since he and his consortium saved the club from the brink of financial collapse in 2010 , has since insisted he would remain involved and that investment rather than a complete takeover was his preferred option . Jason Puncheon scored a second-half free kick as Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday . Palace chairman Steve Parish says Alan Pardew will have funds to improve the squad in the summer . And now he has given his reasons for why he believes extra funds are required , insisting the current set-up would allow manager Alan Pardew to bring in the desired summer transfer targets but that other areas require more investment . ` The only reason for us to get money in is to improve the infrastructure , ' he told BBC London . ` There is no rush and we are in a good place . If it happens , it happens . We 've done well enough that I think we can fund the player things we need to do out of our own resources . ` We are long overdue some ground improvements . They are very costly . We need to make sure we get that done . If that means bringing in other people , and they are the right people , then we 'll do it . ' Parish would , however , like investment in the club to carry out improvements at Selhurst Park . The CPFC2010 consortium took over with the Eagles having only just survived relegation from the Championship and , in under five years , have overseen a return to top-flight football . They finished last season in 11th place , ensuring for the first time that their stay in the Premier League would last longer than a solitary campaign . Pardew has guided them to the same position after being appointed at the turn of the year and Monday night 's victory over City all-but guarantees a third Premier League season . Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon had put Palace two goals up against the visitors , who could only find a consolation goal through Yaya Toure . Puncheon applauds the Manchester City supporters after a missile was thrown from the stands . Puncheon was also the target of a number of items thrown onto the pitch from the area housing Man City 's supporters as he prepared to take a second-half corner . The Football Association are aware of the incident and will take appropriate action once they have their findings . It is not the first case of items being thrown onto the pitch at Selhurst Park this season , with Newcastle defender Fabricio Coloccini struck by a coin thrown as he celebrated a goal for his side . Just days later another item was thrown onto the playing area in the FA Cup meeting with Liverpool and Palace threatened to ban for life anyone found guilty of such acts .