Some vegetarians start young , as this comical video demonstrates . Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . But instead of digging into the seafood feast , he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought . ` This octopus is n't real is it ? Where 's its head ? Is its head in the sea ? Did the man hack it -LSB- off -RSB- ? ' the youngster says while grimacing at his dinner plate . Scroll down for video . Yuck ! Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . Pulling faces : But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought . His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ` little legs chopped ' . She adds that the creature had to be dissected so it could be eaten . ` Or we 'd have to swallow it whole , ' she notes . Luiz remains uninspired by his dinner . He then puts forwards the argument that octopus is an animal just like chicken , pig , cow and fish . He continues : ` So when we eat the animals they die . Why ? I do n't like that they die . I like that they keep standing and happy . Look of horror : Luiz 's mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ` little legs chopped ' Comical scene : His mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens to the case in hand . Getting his way : After more than two minutes of discussion , Luiz is told he does n't have to eat the octopus and he can just stick to the potato and rice instead . ` Those animals are for us to take care , not eat them . ' His mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens to the case in hand . ` I 'm just a little moved by you , ' she chuckles when Luiz asks what 's wrong . After more than two minutes of discussion , Luiz is told he does n't have to eat the octopus and he can just stick to the potato and rice instead . Although the clip was filmed almost two years ago , it has recently resurfaced online . To date it has been watched more than 4.8 million times . It 's not known if Luiz has stuck to his vegetarian pledge .