This is the emotional moment Walter Scott 's family met with the man who filmed his death - and threw the case wide open . Feidin Santana , 23 , visited the family 's Charleston , South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by NBC . Santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott , 50 , in North Charleston on Saturday and later releasing the video . ` Oh , thank you God ! ' Judy Scott , the mother of Walter Scott said , as she embraced Santana tightly . ` Thank you Lord ! Blessed God ! Thank you , thank you God . Thank you , thank you ! ' Scroll down for video . Hero : Feidin Santana , 23 , is seen entering the Scott family home in Charleston on Thursday to meet the slain man 's family , days after he recorded their son being shot dead by a white police officer . Thankful : Scott 's mother , Judy Scott , looks at Santana before they embraced at the emotional meeting . Emotional : Scott 's father looks on , right , as his wife thanks the man who captured the video on Saturday . Mr Scott 's father , Walter Scott , Sr. , also hugged the man and said : ` Thank you for another son , God , thank you . You 've got a family in Charleston right now ... anytime . ' ` You did a good thing , Brother , ' Walter Scott 's son , Walter Jr. , 20 , added as he embraced Santana . ` I do n't know how this would 've turned out without the video , I just want to thank you . I do n't know how much I could thank you more . ' Santana , a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic , said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know precisely how their son had died . ` Just amazing that they know the truth , you know , ' he told NBC News as he met with the family . ` And they know that Mr Scott wo n't , like I say , this did n't just happen and stay that way . ` God put me there for a reason , I 'm a very believer of God . ' Scott 's mother added : ` He was supposed to be there . ' Scott was pulled over for a broken tail light on Saturday , but when officers approached his car , he fled - perhaps because he had previously been arrested for failing to pay child support . As he ran , Santana saw him and pulled out his cell phone camera to record the moment Officer Slager shot Scott , who was unarmed , multiple times as he ran away . Santana said he is glad the video could show the true story of what happened to the Scotts ' son . Grateful : Mr Scott 's son , 20-year-old Walter Jr. , said he was n't sure how he could thank Santana enough . New friends : Mr Scott 's father , also called Walter , told Santana he now has family in Charleston . The officer , who is white , slowly approached the man 's body , calmly checked for a pulse and failed to perform CPR . Santana got closer and continued recording the man 's body on the ground . ` I know what I saw and I expressed myself to -LSB- the police -RSB- , ' Santana told Morning Joe on Thursday . ` It was an abuse and I saw with my own eyes . I said I had a video tape . ' One of the police officers told him to wait but ` I realized that would not be good in that moment , ' he said - and he ran to his workplace . Santana then contacted a friend who came to his barber shop and watched the video . ` When I showed him -LSB- the video -RSB- , he said this was not good , ' Santana said . Following the shooting , Officer Slager , 33 , filed a police report defending his actions , saying he feared for his life and that Scott had wrestled his Taser gun from him during a scuffle . But four days later , Santana 's explosive video emerged , throwing doubt on the officer 's story . Killer : Officer Michael Slager -LRB- left -RRB- was arrested on Tuesday for the killing of U.S. Army veteran Scott . Caught on camera : Officer Michael Slager , right , fired eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled from the officer in North Charleston , South Carolina on Saturday . The cop has been charged with Mr Scott 's murder . Santana told the Today show on Thursday that Scott , a U.S. Coast Guard veteran and father-of-four , ` was trying to get away from the Taser ... He never grabbed the Taser from the police ' . Slager was charged with Scott 's murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty . He was terminated from the North Charleston police department the following day , with Chief Eddie Riggers telling a press conference that he had watched the video and found it ` sickening ' . Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing . He has retained an attorney . Walter Scott will be laid to rest on Saturday and his family has said they will be filing a civil lawsuit against the North Charleston Police Department . See below for video .