A New York City bus driver is facing possible termination after video emerged of him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms . A woman who boarded the driver 's bus in Ozone Park , Queens , recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road . She was ` shocked ' that the driver 's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus , in which all the seats were full . A New York City bus driver running a route in Queens is facing possible termination after an unidentified commuter recorded him driving with papers in his hand . The driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper , believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway , and driving the bus with his wrists and forearms . The commuter who captured the distracted driving on a bus with only standing room said that the behavior occurred the entire time she was travelling . ` He jeopardized the lives of everyone on that bus and anyone on the street , ' the commuter said . The papers in his hand were likely timetables used to make sure he was stopping at all the correct junctures on Saturday evening , the New York Post reported , citing a transit source . The bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend . New York 's Metro Transportation Authority , which runs the city 's buses , said that ` bus operators are expected to have their full attention on safe operations at all times ' . The driver has been taken out of passenger service while the agency investigates , and could face possible penalties including termination or retraining depending on his work history , according to a New York Post source . New York City adopted new laws last year as part of an effort to eliminate traffic accidents , such as the February 2014 crash between an city bus and a truck that careened into a building on 7th Avenue . This weekend 's video comes as New York City has targeted speeding and reckless motorists in a bid to eliminate traffic deaths . A law pushed into law by Mayor Bill DeBlasio last August has increased penalties on drivers , including MTA employees , who hit pedestrians after failing to yield . Bus drivers have said they are under attack by the new regulations , and that accidents happen even when drivers are doing their jobs properly . At least nine pedestrians were killed by transportation authority buses last year , according to the New York Times .