A mother-of-three has been forced to remortgage her home after years of dental treatment left her mouth looking like an ` oral bombsite ' . Rose Devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row . She now faces a bill of £ 30,000 to get her smile back . Rose Devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . The General Dental Council has investigated the work of Janakan Siva at the Menlove Dental Practice in Allerton , Liverpool . He will now go before a disciplinary committee . When the dental practice manager where Mr Siva worked studied the mess , even he admitted : ` I 've got 22 years experience of dentistry , but I would n't know where to start with this . ' Mrs Devereux , from Liverpool , had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts . She also suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of untreated gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half . She says the treatment even led to other health problems , with constant hip pain , splitting headaches and mobility difficulties . She claims disintegrating abscesses drained into her body , effectively poisoning her , and she was often unable to lift her left leg to put her socks on . Mrs Devereux has had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts . She also suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of untreated gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half . When the dental practice manager where Mr Siva worked studied the mess , even he said : ` I 've got 22 years experience of dentistry , but I would n't know where to start with this ' However since leaving the care of Mr Siva , her longstanding ailments have gradually disappeared , she maintains . Now , after months of discussion with the General Dental Council , Mr Siva must face a Fitness to Practise panel and could be struck off . Mrs Devereux said : ` It 's been a long battle to get this far . ` But I 'm glad I 've stuck with it to prove my feeling that the treatment I received was way short of what is expected for a dentist . ' The General Dental Union was approached to speak on Mr Siva 's behalf but declined to comment .