A popular Virginia high school senior who passed away suddenly this week likely died from bacterial meningitis , it has emerged . Madison Small , from Ashburn , left school early on Mondayand , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . By Tuesday afternoon , her father , Tim Small , had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . On Friday , the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell , My Fox DC reported . Loss : Eighteen-year-old Madison Small , pictured , passed away suddenly on Tuesday morning after feeling ill on Monday and it has now emerged she died of meningococcal meningitis . The bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell . It is the school system 's first confirmed case in two years , the Washington Post reported . The last case in Loudoun was in January 2013 . Public Health and school district officials said they do not have reason to believe her illness poses a risk to other students , particularly because last week was spring break . Loudoun County schools spokesman Wayde Byard told the Post that lockers at the school have been cleaned twice but there is no indication of an outbreak . ` It 's a very tragic case ... but there 's no reason to panic , ' he said . David Goodfriend , director of the Loudoun County Health Department , said a small number of people who had contact with Small would be watched for symptoms . Her close friend Devan Rook told the Washington Post that she had thought nothing of it when her friend went to the school nurse on Monday afternoon . Loved : Madison 's family said she was otherwise healthy when her health suddenly declined on Monday . Family : Her father Tim Small , pictured center , spoke at a candle-lit vigil held for the teenager on Tuesday evening . Madison is pictured left with her older siblings and parents . Meningococcal meningitis causes membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord to become inflamed . It is caused by a bacterium that around 10 per cent of people naturally have in the back of their nose or throat with no issue - but sometimes it can invade the body . The bacteria is passed through direct contact with body fluids , such as through kissing or sharing eating utensils or drinks . Symptoms can include fever , headache , stiff neck , nausea , vomiting , sensitivity to light and confusion . It is often diagnosed in infants , adolescents and young adults , and a vaccine is recommended for all children aged 11 to 18 . The disease can be treated with effective antibiotics but it is important that treatment be started as soon as possible . Even with antibiotic treatment , people die in about 10 to 15 per cent of cases . And 11 to 19 per cent of survivors will have long-term disabilities , including loss of limbs , deafness , nervous system problems , or brain damage . ` Did n't think anything was wrong with her , ' she said . ` In the middle of the night , she woke up complaining of headaches and stuff , and they took her to -LSB- Inova -RSB- Loudoun Hospital and realized it was pretty serious . ` They could n't handle it there , so they medevac-ed her over to -LSB- Inova Fairfax Hospital -RSB- . At that point , she was n't doing too well , and several of her organs were shutting down . ' She passed away on Tuesday morning . Her father , Tim Small , also told WUSA9 that his youngest had seemed the picture of health over the weekend , when they played catch together . On Tuesday night , just hours after news of their her death , hundreds of friends , classmates and family gathered for a candle-lit vigil at the school . Friends remembered Small as a talented softball player who had happily mentored younger members of the team . She was also excited about starting Virginia Tech in the fall , they said . School Principal Dave Spage , who broke the news to parents in an email on Tuesday , said he thought there were as many as 400 or 500 people at the vigil , which he said ` speaks to her circle and her involvement here ' , NBC reported . Madison 's father , who also has an older daughter and son with his wife , spoke to those who had gathered . Remembered : Hundreds of people gathered for a candle-lit vigil following Madison 's death on Tuesday . Support : Her varsity softball teammates wear their jerseys and line 2nd base as a tribute to Madison . Vigil : Friends lit candles as they shared memories of the beloved 18-year-old on Tuesday . Memorial : Classmates places flowers on Madison 's desk after she was taken fatally ill . ` Life can be short , we found that out today , ' he said . ` Make the most of it : love each other . Do n't get bogged down in the little nitpicky crap . Put that aside . Life 's too short . ' In a Facebook post shared widely between Madison 's friends online , she wrote a touching post in 2011 , quoting Winnie The Pooh . ` If there 's a tomorrow when we 're not together , there 's something you must always remember , ' she wrote , beneath a smiling photo of herself . ` You 're braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think . But the most important thing is even if we 're apart , I 'll always be with you . '