A recently released affidavit reveals that a Chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy . In the affidavit , Timothy S. Pappa , an FBI agent , claims that Xiaoming Gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a U.S. government employee . ' That information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers . Despite these claims however , she was never prosecuted by the government . What 's more , the affidavit also revealed that Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance . Scroll down for video . An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao -LRB- above on left with unknown male -RRB- shared information with an alleged Chinese spy . Fox News , who obtained the affidavit , also revealed that the State Department employee did admit to sharing details of his job with Gao . As for the alleged spy she spoke to , their names was ` Teacher Zhao , ' and the two met numerous times over the years in hotels in China . Gao admitted to the meetings , and also admitted to reporting on her ` social contacts ' in the United States , according to the affidavit . ` It 's not clear to me , based on the court files that were unsealed , how a prosecution of this person could possibly have compromised U.S. intelligence gathering , ' Thomas Dupree , former deputy assistant attorney general under the George W. Bush administration , told the network . ` If it jeopardizes or threatens to disrupt relations with another country , so be it . That you have to draw the line somewhere , and that we need to send a message that this sort of conduct and activity simply will not be tolerated . ' Gao , who left her position in February 2014 , began working as a contract interpreter in the Office of Language Services in June 2010 . The US attorney 's office , who released the affidavit , declined to prosecute , and the FBI has not revealed what they found in a suburban Washington storage facility they searched after filing the affidavit . Gao , who currently works for a consulting firm , has not commented on the affidavit .