Louis Smith is man of many talents . A medal-winning Olympic gymnast of course ... and even a Strictly Come Dancing champion . However , it appears the athlete , 25 , is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ` Belfie ' , Kim Kardashian . Yes , Louis Smith , MBE , is now also very good at exciting his fans with selfies . Topless selfies , where we 're treated to a view of his rippling muscles in full flexed action , to be more specific . If you 've got it , flaunt it : Former Olympic gymnast , Louis Smith , is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram . The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games . Mostly taken between the pine door of his stone wall bathroom and what can only be an impressively large mirror , Louis ' selfies have become something of a phenomenon . So much so , that when interviewed by the Telegraph recently , primarily about his latest project to help communities learn how to dance , they felt compelled to ask him about it . ` I 'm just sharing my physique , ' the hunk of the gymnastics world said of his snaps . ` I 'm just sharing my physique , ' the hunk of the gymnastics world said of his snaps in an interview . Some of which , are far saucier than others . For example , there are pics taken in his bathroom where he 's clearly wearing jeans , despite the lack of a shirt . Others , however , have ranged from a view of his very tight boxers , to a topless sunbathing selfie where nothing but a strategically placed cocktail glass covered up a full frontal view of his manhood . ` I work hard to get the body I have , so why not show off what I 've got ? ' the athlete added . ` I work hard to get the body I have , so why not show off what I 've got ? ' says the athlete . As if we needed the hard proof , here 's Louis in another topless selfie , taken at the gym no less . Some of Louis ' selfies are far saucier than others . For example , there are pics taken in his bathroom where he 's clearly wearing jeans , while others suggest he might not wearing very much at all . As if we needed the proof , here it is , a topless selfie taken at the gym no less . But while it appears that Louis needs little to no encouragement on the selfie front , his blossoming relationship with TOWIE 's Lucy Mecklenburgh is sure to only fuel his habit . A selfie-obsessed gym bunny herself , Lucy , 23 , has been dating Louis since December 2014 . Louis has been dating former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh since December last year and says they 're very close despite only having been together for four months . Of course , they 've got the selfies to prove it . ` Having someone to share things with was the one thing missing from my puzzle , ' says Louis of his girlfriend Lucy Mecklenburgh , also a fitness fanatic and avid selfie taker . Though the pair have been together for just four months , they 've both been extremely open about their feelings for each other . ` Having someone to share things with was the one thing missing from my puzzle , so it 's lovely to be with Lucy , ' the Strictly champ said . And of course , in true Louis and Lucy style , the pair have posted the odd couples selfie too , just in case you did n't know just how serious they really were . Louis ' selfies have ranged from a view of his very tight boxers , to a topless sunbathing selfie where nothing but a strategically-placed cocktail glass covered up a full frontal view of his manhood . With the help of Flavia Cacace , Louis won BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing in 2012 .