Manchester United had four different scorers On Sunday . At the start of the season I do n't think anyone would have thought that quartet would be anywhere near the team , let alone scoring vital goals in a huge Manchester derby . With all that money flashing around you would have picked Angel di Maria over Juan Mata , Marcus Rojo over Chris Smalling and just about anybody over Marouane Fellaini and Ashley Young . But all four have proved their worth . People said Mata was too slow but his brain is certainly quick enough . Fellaini is now United 's go-to guy and Smalling has improved . Juan Mata celebrates after scoring against Manchester City , and he is part of Louis van Gaal 's ` fab four ' Ashley Young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of Van Gaal 's plans . Marouane Fellaini has become Manchester United 's go-to player in midfielder this season . Chris Smalling has improved and despite the summer spending he remains a key aprt of the team . As for Young , who would have thought he would become one of United 's most consistent players ? It just shows how Louis van Gaal works . He does n't care about names -- he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give everyone a chance . The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury . He has been instrumental in United 's revival . As for Manuel Pellegrini , I feel for him because he seems a good guy but this could be the final straw . Van Gaal does n't care about names -- he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give a chance . The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury as he has been instrumental in United 's revival . ADDING GOALS WILL MAKE JAMES A STAR . We 've heard a lot about James Ward-Prowse and he was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season . He is a fantastic young player with fine technique and an excellent set-piece . But it 's incredible that the penalty he scored on Saturday was only his second goal in 85 games for Southampton . He grew up idolising David Beckham and Steven Gerrard but they did not just provide , they scored too . James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season and he scored this weekend . Now he has to go up a level and try and emulate his heroes by scoring goals on a regular basis . If he does that , he could well be one of the young England stars fighting for a midfield place at Euro 2016 . Ward-Prowse grew up idolising David Beckham -LRB- right -RRB- and Steven Gerrard -LRB- centre -RRB- , he must score like them . My tip for Ward-Prowse from August 2014 as one of my 10 players to watch this season . 1998 - The last time all three promoted teams were relegated the following season was in 1997-98 . RELEGATION RIVALS . With Leicester 's last-minute win and QPR unlucky to lose against Chelsea , it 's all becoming very tight at the bottom . The three promoted teams are all in the relegation zone as it stands but I 've got a sneaky feeling one of them will get out of it . And here 's a good omen for them . Only once before in Premier League history have all three promoted teams gone straight back down and that happened 17 seasons ago . The race is on . QPR were unlucky to lose against Chelsea but I 've got a feeling one of the promoted teams will survive . LENNON LOOKING HAPPY AGAIN . When Aaron Lennon went on loan to Everton , his first photo shoot caused quite a stir . There was barely a hint of a smile and plenty of people wondered if he really wanted to be there . Now he looks like he 's loving life under Roberto Martinez . He is a good player , has scored a few goals and suits how Martinez wants to play . I would not be surprised if he made the switch permanent . Aaron Lennon looks like he 's loving life under Roberto Martinez and he suits the way the manager plays . CRESSWELL 'S CURLER . Aaron Cresswell 's free-kick was one of the finest set-piece goals we 've seen all season . It feels like a lot of free-kicks have gone flying in this campaign and I wondered if the referee 's vanishing spray was having a big impact . But even with the spray , which is a good addition , there has n't been a big change in terms of successful free-kicks , as our table shows . Aaron Cresswell 's free-kick against Stoke City was one of the finest set-piece goals we 've seen all season . Cresswell 's was good but there has n't been a big change in successful free-kicks , as our table shows . 4 - In 29 games this season , Bolasie has four goals . In his last 77 Palace games he only scored three . BOLASIE STARTS TO BANG THEM IN . Yannick Bolasie has been one of the main reasons behind Crystal Palace 's incredible run of form this year . Alongside Wilfried Zaha and Jason Puncheon he has formed an incredibly potent attacking trio . Everything he does happens at blistering speed and he absolutely terrorises defenders . He 's such a tricky player and quite old-fashioned in the way he hugs the touchline and takes defenders on . But the very best wide men do n't just create goals , they score them as well . If he keeps firing them in like he did at Sunderland , then his value is only going to go up . Yannick Bolasie has been one of the main reasons behind Crystal Palace 's incredible run of form this year . HOMEGROWN STARS . Francis Coquelin and Harry Kane have been the two breakthrough players of the year and in positions where their clubs needed reinforcements . Coquelin has become such a strong presence in Arsenal 's midfield and Kane is a striking star for Spurs . It just goes to show you do n't always have to go out and spend huge money to solve a problem . The answer can be right under your nose . Harry Kane 's progress goes to show you do n't always have to go out and spend huge money to solve issues . SPURS STAGNATE . That was a big win for Tim Sherwood at White Hart Lane . It gave Aston Villa some vital points and he also proved a point to his old employers . But how much has really changed at Spurs ? If it were n't for Harry Kane , there would be some serious criticism heading their way -- as the table below shows , they have not improved on last year . It is still a young team and they have time on their side but yet again their season is over sooner than it should be . Tim Sherwood enjoyed Aston Villa 's win at White Hart Lane , it proved a point and earned vital league points . TRUE MASTERS . I was lucky enough to go Augusta this week to watch some of the golf and it was fantastic to see how hard all the players work . Plenty of footballers fancy themselves as golfers but these guys show just how dedicated you must be to be the best .