Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians . The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere . Reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from Iraq , Syria , Nigeria , Egypt and China . Thousands of people congregate outside the Colosseum for tonight 's Way of the Cross procession . Pope Francis prays in front of the Colosseum during the Via Crucis -LRB- Way of the Cross -RRB- torchlight procession . A cross inside the Colosseum before the start of the procession - which commemorates the crucifixion . Several Italian families also carried the lightweight cross for a few steps . Standing under a red canopy this evening Francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom . Tens of thousands of tourists , pilgrims and Romans held candles as they watched . Good Friday commemorates Jesus ' death by crucifixion . A group of nuns hold their candles in front of the Colosseum as they wait for the pope to speak . A cross faces the Colosseum as a full moon rises before the start of the Via Crucis torchlight procession . The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere . Earlier today Pope Francis attended the Celebration of the Lord 's Passion at St Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City . Those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq , Syria , Nigeria , Egypt and China . Standing under a red canopy this evening Francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom . Thousands of tourists , pilgrims and Romans held candles as they watched the procession and mass . After several Holy Week ceremonies , Francis will celebrate Easter Mass in St. Peter 's Square on Sunday . Yesterday Pope Francis washed and kissed the feet of a former Miss Italy contestant who was jailed after stealing her wealthy friends ' credit cards . In what has become an annual Maundy Thursday tradition , Francis washed the feet of 12 prisoners detained at Rome 's Rebibbia prison , including a transsexual . Model and TV presenter Silvy Lubamba , who is of Congolese origin , was the first ever black contestant in the Miss Italia competition , but was disqualified from the pageant because she had previously posed nude in a photoshoot . Scroll down for video . Feet washing : Pope Francis washes and kisses the feet of former Miss Italy contestant Silvy Lubamba , who was jailed for three years and nine months for the repeated fraudulent use of credit cards . Model and TV presenter Silvy Lubamba , who is of Congolese origin was the first ever black contestant in the Miss Italia competition . Pope Francis is helped to lie on the floor during a mass to celebrate the Lord 's Passion , in St. Peter 's basilica at the Vatican . Pope Francis lies on a mat on the ground to celebrate the Lord 's Passion in St Peter 's basilica today . She was sentenced to three years nine months for the repeated fraudulent use of credit cards and ATM cards belonging to friends . Miss Lubamba was wanted by Italian authorities for some time but they were unable to trace her until she reported some luggage stolen from a car in Milan last July . They rang her claiming that her baggage had been found and she was arrested when she came to the police station , according to Corriere della Sera . On Thursday she was tearful as Francis knelt to pour water over her feet before drying them with a cloth , and planting a kiss on one foot . According to the Gospel of John , Jesus washed his apostles ' feet at the Last Supper -LRB- 13 : 2-17 -RRB- . Last year , the pope washed feet at a mass held at a rehabilitation facility for the elderly and those with disabilities . The year before , Francis performed the ritual at juvenile detention centre , washing the feet of Muslims as well as women in a papal first . Kind act : Pope Francis washes inmates ' feet at Rebibbia prison in Rome yesterday after holding a Holy Thursday Mass for inmates . In what has become an annual Maundy Thursday tradition , Francis washed the feet of 12 prisoners detained at Rome 's Rebibbia prison , including a transsexual . The Catholic church has imposed a ban on ` salutes ' paying respect to mafia bosses during Easter Sunday 's religious processions . In many Catholic countries , floats bearing statues of religious icons are carried round villages during Holy Week . In the south of Italy , the mafia exhibit their power through the approval of bishops and priests which allow them to gain influence and portray their members as close to the church . Last year processions were suspended in several southern towns after religious parade of worshippers bearing a statue of the Madonna in the town of Oppido Mamertina stopped to perform a ` bow ' of homage at the house of a mafia godfather serving life imprisonment under house arrest for murder . Pope Francis has said that mafiosi are ` excommunicated ' from the Church , and has called on them to convert or else go to hell . He ordered priests to be bolder in openly condemning the mob . One of Italy 's southern bishops have issued a decree that those chosen to carry a statue of the Madonna ` should be chosen , under the direct responsibility of the parish , from among the faithful who regularly go to Sunday Mass and who are of proven Christian faith ' . Bishop Francesco Milito , who presides over Oppido Mamertina , among other mafia-afflicted towns , said that the route taken by the appointed bearers must be vetted adding . ` We are determined to claim back , and indeed purify , this form of popular devotion , which is particularly connected to Holy Week . ' Bishop Luigi Renzo , of the nearby diocese of Mileto-Tropea-Nicotera , said there needed to be ` definitive signs of a break with certain improper events of the past ' . Icons and religious relics should only be carried by ` those known in the parish who are truly committed to walking the path of faith ' . Anyone ` who is on trial for mafia association or who has a conviction ' is automatically banned , unless they have publicly repented and expressed regret ' . Mafia prosecutors have warned that Francis ' life could be at risk from criminal organisations who are troubled by his clean up of corruption in the Curia and reform of the Vatican bank .