A father is desperately searching for his 13-year-old daughter , who has n't been seen since last Thursday . Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30 am on Thursday in her school uniform and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills . However , the Year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work , he reported his daughter missing to police . 13-year-old Melissa Borg -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home since last Thursday . Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa 's family with the investigation into her disappearance ever since . Melissa is described by police as being 150 cm with a slim build , long brown hair and brown eyes and was last seen wearing her school uniform - a dark blue skirt and a pale blue blouse . Police have questioned her school friends about her mysterious disappearance , however they have so far been unable to find the child . Melissa 's parents are extremely concerned at her out of character actions and are worried about her young age . The teenager left home at 7:30 AM and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills . Speaking to news.com.au Inspector David Hogg said police were holding out hope that Melissa was with friends . ` With any 13-year-old that goes missing for this time frame it 's serious but our hope is she 's with some friends and just does n't want to contact her family , ' Inspector Hogg said . ` If that is the case , whatever issue she has , we 'd hope that she 'd at least get in contact with police so we can get in contact with her family and let them know she is okay . ' Inspector Hogg told the publication that there were unconfirmed sightings of the 13-year-old in the Merrylands area . However Melissa never made it to class and her father alerted police to her disappearance when he arrived home from work and she was nowhere to be found . Melissa 's family and friends have taken to their Facebook pages to share a photo of the teenager in her school uniform . A picture posted online by Melissa 's aunt Tricia Carlow has already been shared over 2,000 times around the Sydney area . ` My niece Melissa Borg is missing from the Baulkham Hills area since Thursday afternoon 02nd April 2015 , ' the caption said . ` Can you please share this around and keep an eye out for her . We at least need to know that she is safe and well . '