Shane Warne hailed Richie Benaud as the ` godfather of cricket ' following the former Australia captain and broadcaster 's death at the age of 84 . Benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 which saw him become the voice of the game in both England and his homeland . But he was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country . Tributes are seen at the statue of Richie Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground after his passing aged 84 . A tribute of a microphone with Benaud 's Test cap number of 190 is left at the statue . The flags atop the Sydney Harbour Bridge can be seen flying at half-mast as a tribute to Benaud . The Australian flag at the SCG is lowered at half mast for the Australian cricketer and commentator . One of Benaud 's most famous commentaries was on the ` ball of the century ' - Warne 's first delivery in Ashes cricket which dismissed Mike Gatting - and the 45-year-old fellow leg-spinner paid an emotional tribute to his mentor on Instagram . ` Dear Richie , ' he wrote . ` I 've known you & Daphne for close to 30 years & to everyone you were a legend on all levels & rightly so too . As a cricketer , commentator & as a person , you were the best there 's ever been & to top it off , an absolute gentleman ... ` For me it was an honour & a privilege to call you a close friend & mentor , we had so many wonderful times together , talking cricket & in particular , our love & passion of leg spin bowling . I will cherish our entertaining dinners & all the fun times we shared over a long period of time . ` I would also like to thank you & Daphne for all your support & time you made for me as a young cricketer & leg spin bowler trying to make his way as an 18 year old , your tips & advice along the journey meant so much !!! ` Richie , you were loved by everyone , not just the cricket family , you were the godfather of cricket & you will be missed by all ... R.I.P my friend . ' Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud , calling him the ` godfather of cricket ' Current Australia Test captain Michael Clarke believes it was Benaud 's spirit as well as his prowess with bat , ball and microphone that made him one of the most popular figures in the game . ` I think that everybody involved in the game of cricket : supporters , players , the media , everyone , Richie is known for a lot more than bowling a few leg-spinners and hitting a few cover drives , ' he told Today on Channel Nine in Australia . ` I think that 's probably why he 's such an idol to so many current cricketers because he 's been such a gentleman on the field , an amazing player and a lot of current players probably do n't realise what a good player he was . ` But , what he 's done off the field , he 's an amazing example to a lots of sportsmen . I think all of us look up to Richie so it 's a really sad day . ` He was a great player and a great captain , a wonderful leader of men and I think he 's continued that off the field . He sets a great example , he 's a gentleman , he played the game in the right spirit . ` He loved winning and I think he helped the Australian team have that attitude that they wanted to win but he played the game the right way . ' Benaud took a break from commentary in 2013 after being involved in a car accident and just over a year later his comeback was put on ice as he began to receive treatment for skin cancer . Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . A floral tribute lies at a plaque at the SCG . He never did return to the microphone full time but his legacy was long since secured and Australia coach Darren Lehmann hailed him as ` one of the game 's greats ' . ` The fact that Australia never lost a series under his captaincy says so much and those standards were just as high when he turned his attention to calling the game , ' said Lehmann . ` We loved listening to him commentate when the team was together in the dressing room . When he was on air , we always had the TV volume turned up because his comments were so insightful . ` He spent a lot of time talking to players of all ages , passing on his great knowledge and love of the game . What stood out more than anything about Richie is that he always put the game first . ` There will only ever be one Richie Benaud . Our thoughts go out to Daphne , John and the entire Benaud family at this sad time . ' His family have been offered a state funeral by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott . Benaud at one point was Australia 's leading wicket-taker with his leg-spin before his record was surpassed by Dennis Lillee and eventually Warne . England coach Peter Moores was also among those to express their sympathy at Benaud 's passing , saying : ` Richie sums up all that is great about our sport . ` He was a true gentlemen with a real insight into the game , he made heroes of the players he commentated on and his enthusiasm for the sport made you want to get off the sofa and play . ` He will be sorely missed . ' The tributes continued to pour in as the rest of the world awoke to the news . Australia batsman Steve Smith , currently in India playing in the Indian Premier League , wrote on Twitter : ` Sad to wake up and hear of the loss of Richie Benaud . True gentleman and The Voice of cricket . Will always be remembered RIP Richie £ 190 . ' The number 190 refers to Benaud 's Test cap number for Australia . A three-part post from India great Sachin Tendulkar read : ' #RIPRichie Wonderful personality who was always warm and encouraging . Had great insights on the game . ` Fondly remember our discussion on the art of leg spin along with Official @ShaneWarne in Sharjah . Last spoke to him late last year . ` Was not well but full of enthusiasm . Great loss to the world of cricket . Heartfelt condolences to Richie 's family and friends . ' Sri Lanka 's Kumar Sangakkara added : ` So sad to hear about the passing of Richie Benaud . The great voice of cricket is no more . He defined an era with conviction and sincerity ' . David Morgan , MCC President , said : ` I came to know Richie and his wife , Daphne , well over the course of my career , and I am deeply saddened to hear of his passing . My thoughts go out to Daphne , and the rest of Richie 's family and friends . He was a kind , generous and supremely talented man . ` As a cricketer he was a fantastic leader and one of the finest exponents of the art of leg spin the game has ever seen . As a commentator his skill was unrivalled -- charismatic , engaging and informative . ` He truly was the master of the pause . He is irreplaceable as a broadcaster and his passing will leave a void in the J.P. Morgan Media Centre during this year 's England v Australia Investec Test match at Lord 's . '