Two Germanwings flights have been forced to make emergency landings in two days - one over a suspected oil leak and another after a passenger and a cabin crew member fell ill . Today , Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart as the Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil , the airline said in a statement . The flight , which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board , took off from Cologne at 9.55 am local time . Germanwings , a budget unit of German airline Lufthansa , has been in the spotlight after one of its planes crashed into a mountain in the French Alps last week , killing everyone on board . Scroll down for video . Germanwings said a passenger and a flight attendant suffered ` an acute feeling of sickness ' The carrier said the pilots shut off one of the aircraft 's engines and headed for Stuttgart when the problem was detected . ` This is a standard safety procedure . It was not an emergency landing , ' it said , adding the aircraft was being examined by technicians . Yesterday , another Germanwings plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice after a passenger and a flight attendant fell ill during the flight , the budget carrier says . A statement issued by the Cologne-based airline said the pair required medical treatment for ` an acute feeling of sickness ' , disputing reports that the twin-engine plane landed after a nervous passenger suffered a panic attack . The unscheduled stop occurred less than two weeks after a Germanwings plane crashed into the French Alps , killing all 150 people on board . In yesterday 's incident , an Airbus A319 was carrying 145 passengers and five crew members from Hanover , Germany to Rome when it diverted to Venice . Flight 4U3882 was nearing the conclusion of its one hour and 40 minute journey when it turned around north-east of Bologna and landed at Venice Marco Polo Airport . The Airbus A319 turned around north-east of Bologna and landed at Venice Marco Polo Airport . Passenger Eugenio Bartolini , a schoolteacher from Rome , told Italian newspaper Il Messaggero that a woman seated in the row behind him was assessed by medics because she had ` a fear of flying ' and was ` apprehensive ' . He said the plane departed 10 minutes behind schedule , but nothing was out of the ordinary until it flew over the Alps , turned around and began to descend . Passengers did n't know what was happening until they landed in Venice and the captain made an announcement over the tannoy . Mr Bartolini , as quoted by The Local , told Il Messaggero : ` The captain , speaking in English , told us that two people , a member of the crew and a passenger , had been taken ill and that was why he had decided to stop at Venice . ' Passengers disembarked and waited inside the terminal while the ill passenger and flight attendant were checked over . Germanwings told MailOnline Travel that the flight attendant was unable to reboard , so a replacement aircraft with an additional crew member had to be flown to Venice to pick up the passengers . Once the plane arrived they continued their journey to Rome , where the flight landed about five hours late at Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport . After landing at Venice 's seaside airport passengers had to wait for a replacement aircraft to arrive -LRB- file photo -RRB- . In a statement , Germanwings told MailOnline Travel : ` The reason -LSB- for the unscheduled landing -RSB- was that one passenger and one flight attendant had to go into medical treatment due to acute feeling of sickness . ` A replacing plane coming from Hamburg -LSB- transported -RSB- the passengers to Rome . Due to one crew member less a continuation of flight 4U3882 is not possible since according to legal regularities an Airbus A319 always needs three crew members . ' Germanwings was a little-known subsidiary of Lufthansa until flight 4U9525 crashed into the French Alps while flying from Barcelona to Dusseldorf on 24 March . Investigators believe 27-year-old co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 after locking the captain out of the cockpit . Data from the second black box recorder found that Lubitz used the automatic pilot to put the plane into a descent and accelerated the doomed airliner into the mountain .