This dramatic footage shows a climber as he scales a sheer 60ft rock face in the Cairngorms . Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff - without any equipment to stop him plummeting into the freezing water below . The 42-year-old , who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years , is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit . Scroll down for video . Sheer : Julian Lines , pictured in red , was filmed completing the climb in the Cairngorm , Scotland , using just his hands and feet for support . Edging towards the top : Mr Lines was captured grappling to find footholds and handholds in the sheer rock face as he scaled the cliff . Do n't look down : The solo climber clings to the side of the cliff - hugging his body to the stone - as he climbs further from the freezing water . While the ascent would leave most with their palms sweating , Mr Lines , from Northern Ireland , said ` life 's problems evaporate ' when he is climbing . But he admitted there had been times he had fallen and had ` really close calls ' . He said : ` There 's a lot of feeling and emotions going on when soloing . It 's quite complex , yet so simple . ` Although you have to be clear headed before you start soloing , once you 're up there life 's problems just seem to evaporate . ` Of course there are fears and nerves , more so now that I 'm older . In fact I do n't really like it anymore if I 'm more than about 60ft up . ` I do n't worry about slipping , I worry about my arms tiring rapidly and not being able to hold on . It 's all about speed and precision . ` Slipping is uncommon unless I 'm really tired or the standard of the climb is of the upmost difficulty . Risks : Mr Lines said slipping is uncommon , but he worries about not being able to hold on if his arms tiring rapidly during an ascent . Fearful : Mr Lines said ` his inner mortality was catching up ' with him , which makes climbing more difficult than it used to be . Struggle : Face contorted in concentration , Julian Lines clutches to another rock face , high above the rough woodland below . Planning : The 42-year-old said solo climbing is about risk assessing , calculating and fine tuning in order to ` minimise the inevitable ' ` In more than 25 years of soloing , I 've had some really close calls . Soloing is all about risk assessing , calculating it all correctly and fine tuning to minimise the inevitable . ` There have been times when I 've actually fallen and been so lucky with the way I 've landed it 's close to miraculous . ' All of these stories are written in Julian 's book ` Tears of the Dawn ' which was published last year and won the prestigious Boardman Tasker award for mountain literature in 2014 . Alastair Lee , director at Posing Productions , who recorded the footage said : ` Jules is very much the dark horse of British climbing and easily the most accomplished free soloist in the UK . ` Filming soloing is n't for the faint hearted but it was a spectacular journey we embarked on as Jules guided around many of his favourite climbing destinations . ' Dramatic moments : Alastair Lee , director at Posing Productions , recorded incredible footage of Julian Lines climbing , as seen above .