A didgeridoo maker demonstrated the power of music when he played a tune and caused a herd of cows to stand to attention . Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford , Milton Keynes . He holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune , while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background . The professional didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background . Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river , which separates it from Andrea . Other cows lift their head from the ground and look in the direction of the sound , while another on the left also begins walking towards the river . Before long the centre of the herd have noticed and like moths to the flame are compelled to walk over to Andrea . As the first cow reaches a tree , the whole herd begin picking up speed and collectively run to the source of the sound . A cow takes note , steps out from behind the herd and begins walking towards the source of the sound . The Italian musician was filmed standing in front of a river in Stratford holding a ` butterfly landscape ' designed didgeridoo . The herd then stand and enjoy the music for some time while Andrea serenades them with his hand-made instrument . The video concludes with an artistic shot of the cows ' reflection as the transfixed herd remain rooted to the spot , as if hypnotised by the sound of the didgeridoo . Andrea told MailOnline : ` When I first started playing , they -LSB- the cows -RSB- did n't immediately run towards me , but stopped everything they were doing and went into a sort of trance-like state . ` When I continued playing , they ran towards me and all stood in a crowd across the river bank . The herd stand and enjoy the music for some time while Andrea serenades them with his didgeridoo . The cows appear to be transfixed as they stand rooted to the spot , as if hypnotised by the music . ` Even after I had stopped playing , they stayed there as if they were waiting for the next performance . ` I honestly do n't know why the cows reacted to the music in such a way , but it is safe to say that it was an amazing and humbling experience . ' Andrea handcrafts his instruments from selected fabrics that originate from countries including Africa , India and South America . The talented musician also provides dedicated workshops in which he teaches his specialist techniques and advertises his unique designs on his Facebook page and website .