It was not the role Bradley Neil would have wanted -- the job of being the boy reminding Augusta just how brilliant Jordan Spieth 's opening had been . For while the 21-year-old American was chewing up golf 's most spectacular course , the teenager from Scotland was suffering the role in reverse . Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and then the British Amateur Championship last year . Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters . Still an amateur , the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro by no less a star than world No 1 Rory McIlroy . And he had the calming influence of veteran fellow Scot Sandy Lyle playing alongside him as he stepped on to the first tee hoping to recover from a six-over-par round on day one . There was promise as he atoned for hoisting his drive into the trees alongside the fairway with a recovery shot that put him 30 feet from the hole . But three putts later on the first of Augusta 's lightning fast greens , memorably described by Peter Alliss as ` like trying to roll a ball down the bonnet of a car and stopping it before it falls off ' , reality was beginning to bite . The young Scot has been tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy . He did birdie the par-five second , but then came five more dropped shots to reach the turn in 41 , and the youngster finished the day on 79 , 13 over par in all and facing the truth that his big weekend was already over . ` I 'd prepared well for this , but it shows my game is not good enough yet , ' he admitted . ` I need to work hard on it if I want to get back here . ` I 'm jealous that Sandy gets to come back here every year , and I also want to do that in the future . ' Lyle , who won the green jacket in 1988 as one of the two major wins of his career , is 57 and a student of traditional hickory clubs -- he won the World Hickory Open at Carnoustie last year . He even used a putter from the bygone era as he made his 34th Masters appearance . But although he three-putted only once , he carded a 76 to end day two at six over par .