Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year . Like Paul , the Kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections , much of the ` Rand ' 2016 SWAG is unconventional . Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers . But they 'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul 's face , ` Stand with Rand ' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the ` NSA Spy Cam Blocker . ' Scroll down for video . Libertarian icon Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional SWAG , including the ` Rand on a Stick ' item feature above , as he kicks off his presidential campaign . An ophthalmologist by trade , the store contains eye charts bearing Paul 's name and his campaign slogan because ` we need a president who can see clearly , ' as the site states . For $ 75 Paul fans can own a throw rug featuring the Kentucky senator . It also comes in a Constitution theme for the same price . ` Sure it might be fun to have Rand in your living room at night engaging in deep discussions about objectivism , libertarianism , conservatism and a few other isms , ' the description for the item reads . ` In the absence of that , curl up on your couch with the Rand blanket . It 's the next best thing to him being there . ' The freshman senator 's expansion of his campaign store to include ` Paul for president ' items preceded an announcement this morning on the website that said : ` I am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government . ' An unofficial candidate for the last year , the statement made formal the tea partier 's entry into the 2016 contest a few hours before he was scheduled to hold a campaign kick-off in his home state . He 'll spend the rest of the week rallying supporters in early presidential primary states New Hampshire , South Carolina , Iowa and Nevada , in that order , before making his back to Washington for his day job . The Senate is currently in the midst of a two-week break in honor of the Easter and Passover holidays . Loyalists of the 52-year-old freshman senator and his father Ron , a former Texas representative who sought the presidency in 2008 and 2012 , are known for the fervency of their support and organizational skills . Tonight they 'll celebrate the younger Paul 's entry into 2016 competition with ` Stand with Rand ' #LibertyKaraoke parties across the country . Running on the slogan ` Defeat the Washington Machine , Unleash the American Dream ' and promoting himself as ` A Different Kind of Republican , ' Paul 's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker 's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives - fiercely independent young adults who are just as likely to vote for GOP politicians as they are Libertarian candidates or nobody at all . Playing off the Stand with Rand theme , the description accompanying a pair of $ 20 sandals in the store says , ` no , really stand with Rand in official campaign flip flops . ' Beer steins and t-shirts rock an ` unleashed ' dog wearing patriotic sunglasses and holding an American flag in his mouth . The item bound to draw the most attention , however , is the campaign 's ` NSA Spy Cam Blocker ' that allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government . ` That little front facing camera on your laptop or tablet can be a window for the world to see you - whether you know it or not ! ' the item 's page warns . For $ 100 Paul 's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhall , the bean bag toss game that 's especially popular with the southerners from Paul 's native region . And for $ 1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed Rand Paul pocket Constitution . ` It 's size is perfect for comfortable carrying in the pocket of a sport coat , a purse , laptop bag or in the back pocket of some worn out jeans , ' the site says . For $ 100 Paul 's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhole , the bean bag toss game that 's especially popular with the southerners from Paul 's native region , and for $ 1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed Rand Paul pocket Constitution . ` It 's size is perfect for comfortable carrying in the pocket of a sport coat , a purse , laptop bag or in the back pocket of some worn out jeans , ' the site says . And there 's the ` Rand on a Stick ' posters of Paul 's head , attached to a stick . ` Sure , there are a lot of things you can get on a stick , but can you get the next leader of the free world on a stick ? Huh ? ` These Rand Paul freedom paddles are printed on sturdy corrugated plastic and are great for rallies , parades , meetings , operas , church services that lack air conditioning and so much more , ' the description reads . ` This purchase comes in a set of 12 . That 's right , one for every friend and family member . ' Playing off the Stand with Rand theme , the description accompanying a pair of $ 20 sandals in the store says , ` no , really stand with Rand in official campaign flip flops ' Running on the slogan ` Defeat the Washington Machine , Unleash the American Dream ' and promoting himself as ` A Different Kind of Republican , ' Paul 's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker 's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives . Paul supporters can also purchase Stand with Rand floor mats for their vehicle , priced at $ 70 . Beer steins and t-shirts rock an ` unleashed ' dog wearing patriotic sunglasses and holding an American flag in his mouth . An ophthalmologist by trade , the store also contains eye charts bearing Paul 's name and his campaign slogan because ` we need a president who can see clearly , ' the site states . ` Professionally , he has corrected the vision of thousands and now will do the same thing in the White House . . and we 're not talking about a new prescription for President Obama , ' the site teases . The item bound to draw the most attention , however , is the campaign 's ` NSA Spy Cam Blocker ' that allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government . ` That little front facing camera on your laptop or tablet can be a window for the world to see you - whether you know it or not ! ' the item 's page warns . Paul backers can ` stop hackers and the NSA ' from spying on them for low price of $ 15 . ` Safe and practical , ' the site says .