Steve Bruce was at least able to crack a joke after his side were left dangling precariously in the Barclays Premier League following defeat to Southampton . Although that was not the only thing cracked in this game . Graziano Pelle was given a yellow card by referee Kevin Friend in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce but the Hull City manager could not believe the Southampton striker remained on the field . ` Alex has got a horribly broken nose , ' Bruce revealed . ` The boy Pelle gets a yellow card but we 're incensed . We need a break like that - not a broken nose , but a break . A decision like that which goes out way . Graziano Pelle unleashes a strike in a crowded penalty area as Southampton doubled their lead against Hull City at St Mary 's . Hull City goalkeeper Steve Harper can do nothing to stop Pelle 's strike despite his best efforts as Southampton made sure of the victory . The Italian striker celebrates with his team-mates after scoring his first Premier League goal since December . ` I had a conversation with the referee who said he 's seen a hand in the air . If he 's seen a forearm smash in Alex 's face you do wonder . Pelle 's got away with it , from what I 've seen from the DVD he meant it . ' To compound Bruce 's misery , Pelle went on to seal the victory in the 81st minute , finishing off a good passing move to score his first league goal since December 20 , ending a drought of 1,245 minutes . ` It will help him a lot , ' Southampton manager Ronald Koeman said . ` December was a long time ago . If you 're a striker you need to score . ' Southampton -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : K Davis 6.5 ; Alderweireld 6 , Jose Fonte 6 , Yoshida 6 , Bertrand 6.5 ; Wanyama 5.5 -LRB- Ward-Prowse 46 7 -RRB- , Schneiderlin 6.5 ; Long 7 -LRB- Elia 74 6 -RRB- , S Davis 6 , Mané 6 -LRB- Tadic 61 6 -RRB- ; Pelle 7.5 . Subs not used : Gazzaniga , Clyne , Reed , Targett . Booked : Pelle , Wanyama . Scorer -LRB- s -RRB- : Ward-Prowse 56 , Pelle 81 . Manager : Ronald Koeman 7 . Hull -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Harper 6 ; Chester 6 -LRB- Diame 64 -RRB- , Dawson 5 , Bruce 4.5 , McShane 5 ; Elmohamady 5 , Livermore 5.5 , Huddlestone 5 -LRB- Sagbo 74 5.5 -RRB- , Quinn 5 ; Aluko 6 -LRB- Hernández 84 -RRB- , N'Doye 5 . Subs not used : McGregor , Rosenior , Brady , Robertson . Manager : Steve Bruce 5 . Referee : Kevin Friend 7 . MOTM : Graziano Pelle . Stadium : St Mary 's . Attendance : 30,359 . How Graziano Pelle ended his goal drought . Click here for more from Match Zone . James Ward-Prowse makes no mistake from 12 yards as he slots Southampton into the lead 11 minutes after coming on as a half-time sub . Harper dives in vain as Ward-Prowse sends his spot kick to the former Newcastle man 's left with unerring precision . The England Under 21 midfielder pumps his fists in celebration after finding the net at St Mary 's on Saturday . James Ward-Prowse had put the home side in front , coming on at half-time to convert a penalty 10 minutes later . Shane Long , Whippet-like with his tireless running down either flank , had won the spot kick by racing down the right before being chopped down by Bruce - perhaps somewhat dazed and confused from his blow to the face - inside the box and Ward-Prowse calmly placed it beyond Steve Harper 's reach into the right of goal for his first of the campaign . There was almost an incident when Sadio Mane initially picked the ball up to take the kick . ` I had to shout to our captain Jose Fonte to stop Mane , ' Koeman admitted . ` It was a difficult situation . James Ward-Prowse and Dusan Tadic are our first and second choice to take penalties . It 's a problem with Mane , but the rules in the team are more important . ' The home side had been fortunate to still be level , two minutes before they scored . Sone Aluko held the ball up on the edge of the box and laid off to Jake Livermore whose powerful shot almost caught out Southampton goalkeeper Kelvin Davis only for him to keep it out one-handed . On the hour mark , only one behind , Hull 's James Chester had Davis beaten with a glancing header from a corner only for Ryan Bertrand to clear off the line . Before kick off , the omens were not good for the visitors who had not won away to Southampton since February 1951 and the 64-year wait to amend that will go on . Two home wins against relegation rivals Aston Villa and Queens Park Rangers in mid-February left them full of hope and optimism of surviving the season . But since then they have not won in six and this was the fourth defeat of that barren spell . Ward-Prowse is congratulated by team-mates Steven Davis and Sadio Mane after his goal gave Ronald Koeman 's side the lead . Hull defender Alex Bruce brings down Shane Long in the area with a clumsy challenge as referee Kevin Friend points to the spot . Southampton striker Long sticks his tongue out toward the crowd after winning a penalty for his side at St Mary 's on Saturday . Manager Steve Bruce checks his watch as his side suffer defeat at St Mary 's but is time running out on Hull 's Premier League status . They have a fortnight break - not involved in FA Cup action next weekend - then six games to save their season , including daunting home matches against Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester United . Conversely , with Tottenham losing to Aston Villa and Liverpool set to play against Newcastle on Monday , Southampton jumped to fifth . ` It will be a fight between Liverpool , Tottenham and Southampton , ' Koeman said . For Bruce and his players , it will be a fight to keep from falling over the relegation precipice . Victor Wanyama protests as referee Friend issues the Kenyan midfielder with a yellow card for a cynical first-half foul . Hull striker Sone Aluko strikes at goal as Maya Yoshida stretches out a leg to try and block the attempt . Hull manager Steve Bruce issues instructions from the touchline with his side hovering dangerously above the relegation zone . A rainbow forms over the St Mary 's pitch as the sun shines and the rain beats down during half-time .