Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim put the finishing touches to his squad 's preparation on Tuesday as the French club geared up for the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final against Juventus . Dimitar Berbatov and Co were put through their paces ahead of the clash at Stade Louis II on Wednesday with the Bulgarian striker insisting a place in the last four is within their reach . A second-half Arturo Vidal penalty in Turin last week ensured that Juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage . Dimitar Berbatov is convinced Monaco can reach Champions League semi-final at the expense of Juventus . Leonardo Jardim addresses his players at training on Tuesday morning ahead of Juventus match . Monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week . Berbatov believes the French club are within reach of the semi-final and should not have lost in Italy . Monaco 's Belgian midfielder Yannick Ferreira Carrasco arrives fro training . The squad are put through heir paces ahead of Wednesday 's clash at Stade Louis II . Monaco were aggrieved at the result after complaining at the award of the spot kick , with Jardim declaring the foul on Alvaro Morata by Ricardo Carvalho as non-existent . And Berbatov is certain Monaco can right the wrong by eliminating the Serie A champions . ` The Champions League semi-final is within our reach , ' Berbatov told Tuttosport . ` We can do it against Juventus . We 're a good team , we 've already shown that both against Arsenal and a week ago in Turin . We absolutely did not deserve to lose . ` In the first half we should have had a penalty , if the referee had given it , it would have been a different game . Monaco coach Jardim watches on during the training session on Tuesday morning . Ricardo Carvalho -LRB- right -RRB- , Elderson Echiejile -LRB- left -RRB- and Alain Traore arrive for training . Geoffrey Kondogbia controls the ball on his chest as Monaco gear up for quarter-final second leg . The Monaco squad warm up for training with a light jog ahead of the quarter-final against Juventus . The Monaco players are taken through their exercises as they train on Tuesday . ` Then in the second half we had a non-existent penalty given against us , but that 's football . ` We look forward with confidence and optimism , we 're preparing well for the comeback . We know that Juve are a team which creates a lot , but also gives opportunities . ` We know we have the ability to get to the next round . '