Jockey Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his Crabbie 's Grand National blues at Aintree on Saturday . The 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew , stepping in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the Neil Mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month 's Cheltenham Festival . The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £ 1million steeplechase but Coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world . Jockey Aidan Coleman -LRB- left -RRB- exits the weighing room at Haydock racecourse back in April earlier this year . The Druids Nephew ridden by Barry Geraghty clears the last jump during Day One of Cheltenham 2015 . As a 20-year-old , Coleman chose to ride seventh fence faller Stan , a disappointment turned into a calamity at the time because he had decided against partnering successful Venetia Williams-trained stablemate Mon Mome who lifted the prize at 100-1 with stand-in rider Liam Treadwell basking in glory . It was the only time in three National runs for Mon Mome that Coleman had not ridden the gelding . Coleman 's two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered The Rainbow Hunter . Coleman said : ` The Mom Mome incident was quite a blow at the time because I had a choice -LRB- of mounts -RRB- and picked the wrong one . I rode him the year before and the year afterwards , I just was n't on him on the right day but that is just the way it goes . ` Sometimes you are ahead and sometimes you are behind -- that is life in general . ` At the time I was 20 , very young in life as well as racing . It was probably the first negative thing to happen in my career . ` Up until then I had never been injured , I had ridden out my claim in 14 months and was champion conditional . Since then there have been lots of good days and lots of bad days , so you become more streetwise and thicker skinned . ` I did n't had the best of luck on The Rainbow Hunter . He jumped well both times but ran into traffic problems and was more of less brought down last year . ` There is an element of luck required in any race but that applies more with the National because of the nature of the fences and the distance . ' Coleman , who has enjoyed success over the famous fences in other races , feels The Druids Nephew has the right credential given that slice of Aintree luck which has so far eluded him . The jockey who hopes to be a contender for champion jockey after AP McCoy retires , added : ` It is definitely one of the best rides to pick up . Phil Smith , the chief handicapper , says he is the best handicapped horse in the race . ` The race should suit this horse . He seems quite hardy . He handled the hustle and bustle of the Cheltenham Festival and came out a very nice winner . That should stand him in good stead as far as the Aintree experience goes . ' Coleman in action at Haydock racecourse back in April earlier this year .