The runner who won the Boston Marathon in 2013 and donated his medal to the city after the deadly terrorist bombings has been crowned this year 's men 's winner . Lelisa Desisa , 25 , of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition 's 119th race . Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew ` Boston Strong ' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in attack near the finish line two years ago . Scroll down for video . Ethiopian Lelisa Desisa , who won the Boston Marathon in 2013 before a terrorist attack , was the first-place finisher this year with a time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds . Desisa raised his hands in victory and exhaustion as he crossed the finish line to win the Boston Marathon on Monday . After the 2013 Boston Bombings , Desisa donated his medal to the city . Above , he accepts his trophy and crown of laurels this year . ` I 'm happy for No. 1 , ' Desisa said . ` I am happy to win and for a strong Boston 2013 . ' His countryman Yemane Adhane Tsegay was second with 2:09:48 in mid-40s weather , and Wilson Chebet of Kenya took third in 2:10:22 . Caroline Rotich , 30 , of Kenya won the women 's division after a tense final stretch . Rotich finished in an unofficial time of 2 hours , 24 minutes , 55 seconds , edging out Mare Dibaba of Ethiopia in a sprint finish on Boylston Street . ` I got to the last corner and I saw the finish line tape and I thought this is it , I 'm not going to let it go , ' said Rotich , who gave Kenya its fifth straight women 's victory in Boston . Dathan Ritzenhein was seventh overall in the men 's race and the first American in at an unofficial 2:11:20 , followed by last year 's winner , Meb Keflezighi , in 2:12:42 . Keflezighi 's triump in 2014 was seen as an inspiring and resilient victory for Boston and the marathon as the annual event continues to bring back memories of 2013 . Caroline Rotich , of Kenya , won the women 's division with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 24 minutes , 55 seconds . A tired Rotich smiles in jubilation after beating out her adversaries in the final section of the 26.2-mile race through downtown Boston . Champion Rotich edged out Mare Dibaba of Ethiopia in a sprint finish on Boylston Street and was given a silver trophy for the prestigious race . Carlos Arredondo , a first-responder that year , handed out American flags at the finish line on Monday , . The race comes less than three weeks after Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the then-19-year-old Chechen Cambridge resident who brought bombs to the race , was found guilty of all the terrorism charges against him in a trial that saw moving testimony from victims who had lost loved ones and limbs . Tsarnaev , now 21 , could face the death penalty after sentencing in federal court . Some victims of the attack have spoken out saying they are against capital punishment for the young man . Newlyweds Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes , who lost limbs in the bombing , said that they support life without parole so that Tsarnaev ` disappears from our collective consciousness as soon as possible , ' according to the Boston Globe . ` If there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment , it is the defendant . However , we must overcome the impulse for vengeance , ' they said . Police presence at the Boston Marathon was high two years after the terrorist attack that claimed three lives and injured hundreds . Spectators at the event were made to pass through security checkpoints . Some victims of the attack said that they want bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to ` disappear from our collective consciousness as soon as possible ' Runners including Meb Keflezighi of San Diego and Lelisa Desisa of Ethiopia leave the start line on a damp and windy morning . American Desiree Linden -LRB- left -RRB- led the pack for a large portion of the 26.2-mile race , though Rotich -LRB- second from left -RRB- eventually triumphed . Carlos Arredondo , a cowboy hat-wearing first-responder who helped save victims of the 2013 bombing , passed out American flags at this year 's event and held a ` Boston Strong ' banner . While the events and victims of two years ago were remembered on Monday , the race proceeded as it has done since 1897 . The fastest man in the Boston Marathon field , Kenya 's Patrick Makau , dropped out after the 5-kilometer checkpoint . It was n't clear why he dropped out . The Kenyan 's personal best of 2 hours , 3 minutes , 38 seconds made him one of the biggest threats to defending champion Meb Keflezighi 's hopes of repeating Monday . Caroline Rotich of Kenya won the women 's division after a tense final stretch . Marcel Hug of Switzerland won the men 's wheelchair race with a time of 1:29:53 . It was his first win at the event . American Tatyana McFadden continued her reign atop the Boston Marathon women 's wheelchair race with her third consecutive victory . Dibaba 's countrywoman , Buzunesh Deba , was third in the women 's race , and American Desiree Linden finished fourth after leading for much of Monday 's race . Marcel Hug of Switzerland won the men 's wheelchair race . It took him 1:29:53 for his first Boston win . The 28-year-old finished fourth last year . Hug deprived Ernst Van Dyk of his 11th Boston Marathon victory . The South African is already the most decorated Boston competitor with 10 titles . American Tatyana McFadden continued her reign atop the Boston Marathon women 's wheelchair race with her third consecutive victory . McFadden rolled down Boylston Street to finish in an unofficial 1 hour , 52 minutes , 54 seconds . Dr Bryan Lyons -LRB- center -RRB- pushes Rick Hoyt in the Boston Marathon . Hoyt has become a fixture at the event through the years after being pushed by his father Dick in the race 32 times . Dathan Ritzenhein , -LRB- left -RRB- of Rockford , Michigan , was the first American to finish . Rotich -LRB- right , left -RRB- and Mare Dibaba of Ethiopia -LRB- right , right -RRB- raced to the finish line before Rotich won the women 's race . Roughly 30,000 runners chose to participate in the damp 2015 Boston Marathon , which first was run through the city 's downtown in 1897 . The event saw the grit of competition joined by some tenderness as Dustin Hicks , right , of Temple Terrace , Florida , proposed to Laura Bowerman after crossing the finish line . She accepted . She wore a singlet in memory of Martin Richard , the 8-year-old boy who was killed in the 2013 finish line bombing . McFadden , 25 , is a four-time Paralympian and also the reigning champion of the Chicago , New York City and London marathons . The Russian-born adoptee and Maryland native also finished second in the 1 kilometer Nordic skiing sprint in the 2014 Paralympics . One small difference at this year 's race was the absence of runner Dick Hoyt , 75 , who instead served as Grand Master , according to Boston.com . The father became a fixture at the competition over the years after pushing his disabled son Rick , 53 , along the course more than 32 times . The family has also set up a non-profit that advocates for better self-esteem among disabled youth . ` Orange Is The New Black ' actress Uzo Aduba runs the Boston Marathon on behalf of the Dana Garber Cancer Institute . A runner collapses on the finish line of the Boston Marathon after the trek through windy and rain , which is expected to get worse in the afternoon . Crowds at the event were smaller this year , thought to be due to weather . Above , spectators on Boylston Street cheer on competitors near a T metro station . The Boston Marathon this year came at a pause in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who may face the death penalty after being found guilty of the 30 charges against him .