Andrea Dossena , a man Liverpool once shelled out £ 7million for , has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods . The 33-year-old , who now plies his trade with League One strugglers Leyton Orient , was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on Tuesday . Dossena , whose crowning moment for Liverpool came when he scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League , was later bailed . Andrea Dossena -LRB- scoring for Liverpool against Real Madrid -RRB- has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting . Dossena celebrates with Ryan Babel after scoring against Manchester United in March 2009 . He also netted four days after that strike against Real back in March 2009 , lobbing Edwin van der Sar away at Manchester United in a 4-1 win . He earned around £ 40,000-a-week at Anfield . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said : ` Police arrested a 33-year-old male and a 31-year-old woman on April 7 on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods . ` They were taken to a west London police station . ` Both the man and woman have been bailed to a date in late April , pending further enquiries . ' Dossena has been capped by Italy on 10 occasions and also played for Sunderland under Paolo Di Canio and Gus Poyet at the back end of last season . Dossena signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient back in November . He was heralded by Rafa Benitez on arriving on Merseyside from Udinese back in 2008 , but made only 13 Premier League starts for the club . Dossena has appeared 13 times for Orient this season but has found life tough in the third tier . Leyton Orient released a brief statement on Wendnesday , saying : ` The Club are aware of the incident reported earlier today involving Andrea Dossena . ` However , the Club is not in a position to make any further comment on this matter whilst it is being dealt with by the authorities . ' No-one at Harrods was available for comment . Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods in Knightsbridge on Tuesday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .