Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight champion title on Saturday night , controlling Kyoji Horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout before scoring the latest submission win in UFC history - tapping out his opponent with a second left . ` I did n't want to be stupid and get knocked out , ' Johnson said . ` I had 25 minutes . I just took my time , and with 1 second left , I figured I better finish him . ' Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal . Johnson celebrates after a successful defence of his title at th Bell Centre in Canada on Saturday . The American secured a submission victory over Horiguchi in the latest UFC pay-per-view event . Horiguchi was dangerous in the opening round , as his blend of unorthodox , karate-based movements and impressive speed gave the champ some pause in the early going . But the Japanese contender was unable to truly capitalize on the opportunities , and it would cost him . Johnson -LRB- 22-2-1 -RRB- simply took over in the second round , showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters . Constant pressure from the champ left Horiguchi -LRB- 15-2 -RRB- struggling to find any opportunity to attack . Instead , the challenger was constantly forced to try and prevent Johnson from taking his back , as they battled routinely against the fence and in the clinch . The American Johnson lands a right hand on his Japanese opponent during their bout in Montreal . Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- beat Fabio Maldonado of Brazil to win his first bout since 2011 . It was one-way traffic until the final round , and the 23-year-old challenger was simply overwhelmed by the more experienced champ . Horiguchi tried to attack until the end , briefly threatening with a fifth-round triangle choke , but he was simply overwhelmed . While he was clearly ahead on the scorecards in the final seconds , Johnson turned up the volume , transitioned to an armbar and scored the submission win . Johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time . In the co-main event , Quinton ` Rampage ' Jackson -LRB- 36-11 -RRB- earned his first UFC win since 2011 , scoring a unanimous decision over Brazilian slugger Fabio Maldonado -LRB- 22-8 -RRB- .