A video that was played during a preliminary hearing in a California courtroom on Friday showed a San Diego police officer being hit with his own cruiser . Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running , according to prosecutors . Swett suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma , while Bogard has pleaded not guilty . Scroll down for video . A video from a hearing in a court on Friday showed a San Diego police officer being hit with his own cruiser . William Bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft . Officer Jeffrey Swett testified on the stand that Bogard was smiling behind the wheel while running him down . The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial . Swett testified on the witness stand that Bogard was smiling behind the wheel while running him down , according to ABC News . He said : ` I figured at that point in time he was going to kill me . ' The officer added he felt ` immediate pain ' upon impact and ` forcefully hit ' the pavement afterwards . Bogard was able to get into Swett 's car without resistance because the officer was investigating reports about the suspect breaking into a house and threatening to kill the occupants , according to 10News . The suspect faces 19 years to life in prison if he is convicted and the preliminary hearing will resume on Monday . When the vehicle struck Swett , it was traveling at a speed of 15 to 22 miles an hour , according to deputy district attorney Michael Runyon . Swett 's partner , Officer Brett Byler , shot at the car and hit Bogard in the leg . The suspect 's mother , Heather Bogard , apologized for what happened and said her son has schizoaffective disorder during an earlier arraignment . She said : ` It 's been devastating and heartbreaking for all families involved . ' Bogard was charged with two counts of attempted murder on a peace officer , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon , vehicle theft , burglary and criminal threatening , . He faces 19 years to life in prison if convicted , according to CBS 8 . The preliminary hearing will resume on Monday .