The parents of a 5-year-old boy whose body was found inside a septic tank in Virginia last month have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect . Pulaski County Sheriff Jim Davis announced the arrests of Ashley Jennifer White , 30 , and Paul Thomas , 32 , Thursday afternoon -- a week to the day after the tragic discovery . Their 5-year-old son , Noah Thomas , went missing from their home in rural Dublin on the morning of March 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter . Parents in custody : Ashley Jennifer White -LRB- left -RRB- , 30 , and her partner Paul Thomas -LRB- right -RRB- , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son , Noah , last month . Tragic : Noah Thomas , five , was last seen watching cartoons March 22 at home in Dublin , Virginia . Police confirmed his body was found in a septic tank near the family home March 26 . From left ; Virginia State Police Lt. Ed Murphy , Pulaski County Sheriff Jim Davis , Pulaski County Commonwealth Attorney , Mike Fleenor , during a press conference Thursday announcing the arrest of White and Thomas . After an intense-five days search , the child 's body was found in a septic tank on White and Thomas ' property . ` It came to a point where the evidence that we had we felt was sufficient to arrest them for probable cause , ' said Commonwealth 's Attorney Mike Fleenor of Pulaski County , reported Indianapolis Star . The couple 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah 's body was recovered . White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister . During their arraignment via teleconference Friday , both suspects objected to the presence of reporters in the courtroom . ` This is the saddest thing that 's ever happened to me in my life , ' White was quoted as saying . ` I do n't feel people should be able to enjoy it over dinner . ' Her boyfriend sounded a similar note , saying that he does n't want his life to be a news story . The judge , however , allowed members of the media to stay in the room . They are being held in jail without bond pending a court hearing scheduled for August 12 . Investigators are now waiting for the medical examiner 's office to release the results of Noah 's autopsy to shed light on the cause of death , which could take weeks , if not months . Search crews have looked around the boy 's house . His mother could not find him after she woke up at 10 . Investigators said search dogs stopped near the road near Noah 's house , which is ` never typical ' White said Noah , pictured left with his dad and right , was a cautious child who would not have run away . Noah Thomas was last seen alive sitting in his parents ' living room and watching cartoons at 9 am March 22 . His mother took her baby daughter , Abigail , to another room and settled in for a nap . More than an hour later , she woke up to find the back door open and Noah gone . Nearly five days later , an FBI-backed search concluded with the discovery of Noah 's lifeless body in a septic tank near the family home . Police and more than 100 volunteers who signed up to look for Noah in the small town had covered about 3.3 square miles after the 60 lb red-headed boy was reported missing . Pulaski County Sheriff Jim Davis said at the time that authorities have no evidence of foul play in his disappearance , and that the family have cooperated with authorities . Investigators said search dogs stopped near the road adjacent to Noah 's house , which is ` never typical ' . No suspicious vehicles were seen in the area . Crews used helicopters in the search in the area , which is mostly residential with farmland and a woods by the boy 's house . Ashley White , who called police at 11 am after searching for her child on her own , said that the boy was cautious and had no history of running away . Stephanie Ide Hudgins , Paul Thomas ' sister , described her brother and his partner as ` the best parents , hands down , ' reported Roanoke Times . High school sweethearts : White and Thomas -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- met in junior high school but did not start dating until high school . Touched by tragedy : The couple lost a good friend in a deadly abduction in 2000 , and White 's father was later murdered . Proud dad : Thomas ' sister said her brother and his partner were very excited about having a baby togehter . Thomas pictured here with Noah not long after his birth . Hudgins , a mother of four , said she would often call Ashley if she had any questions about child-rearing . Noah 's aunt detailed how Thomas and White met in junior high school but did not start dating until high school . The couple have been touched by tragedy in the past . A friend who helped arrange their first date , Tara Rose Munsey , disappeared in January 2000 from her job at a Taco Bell . Her body was discovered in a ravine two weeks later . She was 16 years old . Some years later , White 's father was murdered and her mother became gravely ill . Before the mother 's passing , White and Thomas decided to have a baby together . ` They were so excited to have Noah , ' Hudgins said . ` Noah was special anyways , before he even came into this earth . '