Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night . Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near Provodnikov 's left eye early in the second . Provodnikov -LRB- 24-3 -RRB- put Matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth before Matthysse -LRB- 37-3 -RRB- regained control in the fifth . He continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep Provodnikov at bay , giving him room to dodge the Russian 's powerful left hook . Lucas Matthysse celebrates after his win against Ruslan Provodnikov at the Turning Stone Resort Casino . Provodnikov -LRB- right -RRB- lands an uppercut to the head of Matthysse despite having a cut opened up early on . Provodnikov -LRB- 24-3 -RRB- put Matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth before Matthysse -LRB- 37-3 -RRB- regained control in the fifth . He continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep Provodnikov at bay , giving him room to dodge the Russian 's powerful left hook . Provodnikov landed several punches in the later rounds but could n't knock down his Argentine opponent down , although he did stagger Matthysse in the 11th . ` He did , he hurt me , ' Matthysse said through a translator . ` But I was able to withstand the onslaught . He 's a very tough fighter . He 's very strong . He just keeps coming forward . ' Don Ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114 , but Glenn Feldman and John McKaie both scored it 115-113 in favor of Matthysse . ` To me , he was better today , ' Provodnikov said through a translator . ` He was the better man in the ring and , you know , it was a close fight but he won and I hope everybody enjoyed it . ' The night 's undercard was quickly decided when Patrick Teixeira -LRB- 25-0 , 21 KOs -RRB- won with a second-round knockout of Patrick Allotey -LRB- 30-2 -RRB- in their middleweight bout . Provodnikov admitted that Matthysse was better than him on the day in the majority decision win . Matthysse said he just wanted to rest but talked up a fight with Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao next . The sell-out crowd then had to wait more than an hour for the main event , watching the TV feed of Terence Crawford beating Thomas Dulorme for the vacant WBO junior welterweight title in Austin , Texas . WBO president Paco Valcarcel tweeted he would like to see Crawford defend his title against Matthysse , but the Argentinian had his sights set higher . ` For right now I just want to rest , ' Matthysse said . ` I got my daughter , my family waiting for me back home . I want to rest . I want to go back there and see them so much and let 's see what happens with -LRB- Manny -RRB- Pacquiao and -LRB- Floyd -RRB- Mayweather . ' Matthysse and Provodnikov prepare to hug at the end of their fight on Saturday night in Verona , New York .