A man facing trial for helping his former lover strangle a woman during a sexual encounter , told the court his former flame had a ` twisted desire to kill ' and that he had only dug the victim 's crude grave . Micheal John Duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers , 33 , whose decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre Lakesland property , located near Picton , south west of Sydney . In the opening statements of Duffy 's trial Crown prosecutor Elizabeth Wilkins SC told the jury , that while his former partner , Rachel Evans , had initiated the violent act , Duffy had willingly joined in . He claimed his co-accused , Evans , was the one who had a ` twisted desire to kill ' and he had only helped bury Ms Ayers ' body . Micheal John Duffy pleaded not guilty to killing Colleen Deborah Ayers after claiming he had only disposed of her body while his co-accused Rachel Evans was the one with a ` twisted desire to kill ' Ms Wilkins told the court Evans was the one who grabbed the belt used to strangle Ms Ayers after telling a witness : ` We are going to kill her , we are going to kill her . ' ` She put the belt around Ms Ayers ' neck . The deceased bucked her off . ' ` It was at that stage that the accused Duffy intervened and also started strangling her , ' she said . ` This was Rachael Evans ' idea . She was the ringleader and this accused -LSB- Duffy -RSB- joined in . ' The court heard Ms Ayers had met Evans at a pub in Campbelltown only a day before she was gruesomely murdered . It is alleged on May 8 , 2012 , Evans and Duffy , along with a 16-year-old girl who can not be named , went to a hotel in Picton with Ms Ayers . Evans , Duffy and Ms Ayers then proceeded to have sex with each other while the unidentified teenager filmed the act . The next day , after drinking and taking the drug ice , Ms Ayers invited the duo , along with another man , Scott Debridge , to her parents empty Lakesland property . Ms Wilkins told the court Evans and Duffy had planned to steal and sell firearms from the rural property so they could buy drugs . Courthouse : Duffy 's co-accused Evans , who has plead guilty to murder , will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover 's trial . Later that night , after Evans had been ` cutting up ' ice , she heard Duffy and Ms Ayers having sex . The 16-year-old witness said Evans became agitated and armed herself with the leather belt . The court heard Evans then entered the bedroom and started strangling the victim . It was at this point , the crown said , Duffy joined in . Ms Wilkins said once Ms Ayers was dead , Evans dragged her body into the bathroom so she could try to wash away Duffy 's DNA . Meanwhile , Duffy and Debridge went to a dam on the property to dispose of the body where they dug a shallow grave and buried Ms Ayers . During his trial , Debridge claimed he tried to refuse the orders to dig the grave , however , Duffy ` bashed ' him with a shovel until he continued . After Ms Ayers ' body was buried the group proceeded to ransack her parents house , stealing jewellery , an Xbox and , as planned , the firearms . It is reported the group left in a maxi taxi at about 7.40 am on May 10 . In a chilling revelation , Evans then allegedly told the cab driver she had a ` very exhilarating night ' . Ms Ayers was n't reported missing until May 25 , when her parents returned home from holidays to the Lakesland property , where their daughter 's body was secretly buried . Ms Ayers ' discomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012 . Police finally caught up with Evans on May 31 , after her parents spent a week wondering where their daughter could be . Evans took officers to the property and showed them where Ms Ayers was buried . She reportedly told the young witness she felt no remorse for the killing . ` I feel good . I do n't feel guilty . The f *** ing belt buckle snapped . When I was burying her I started hitting her with the shovel . It felt so good , ' the Daily Telegraph reported . During her trial it was revealed Evans sent fan mail to infamous murderer Ivan Milat and bragged to the unidentified teen-aged witness that she would become a ` serial killer ' in years to come . Evans has plead guilty to murder and Debridge to being an accessory after the fact , with both receiving discounts on their sentences for giving evidence during Duffy 's continuing trial . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .