The mother of accused killer Vincent Stanford is helping detectives investigating the death of beloved teacher Stephanie Scott , who was buried in an emotional funeral service on Wednesday . Wearing a striped grey shirt and black pants with a orange backpack flung over one shoulder , Anika Stanford arrived at Leeton Police Station on Thursday morning to meet with police officers . She left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan and was taken back to the home she shared with her son , Vincent , and another son , Luke . Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park , where they discovered Ms Scott 's burnt remains on April 10 , five days after she went missing . Scroll down for video . Anika Stanford -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the mother of Stephanie Scott 's accused killer Vincent Stanford , is assiting police with the murder case against her son . Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott , who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley . He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4 . Stanford moved to the Netherlands aged two or three with his mother and brothers , before returning to Australia later in his life . The family has lived in the Leeton area for just 14 months , where Vincent Stanford worked as a cleaner at the same school where the much-loved Ms Scott taught English and Drama . When Daily Mail Australia knocked on the door of the Stanford 's Maiden Avenue home on Thursday nobody answered , but it was understood two people were inside at the time . Ms Stanford 's visit to the police station comes after the beloved teacher 's family buried her in an emotional funeral at the venue she was supposed to be married . The touching celebration of the teacher 's life saw hundreds of friends , family , and mourners travel to Eugowra 's Eat Your Greens function centre , the place where she was supposed to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley . Ms Stanford was taken back to the home she shares with Vincent and brother Luke by a detective . The family have lived in Leeton -LRB- pictured -RRB- for just 14 months , and previously lived in the Netherlands . Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with the murder of Ms Scott , who was last seen at Leeton High School on Easter Sunday . A memorial service for Ms Scott , 26 , took place in Eugowra in NSW 's central west on Wednesday , at the venue where her wedding was due to be held . At the service her sister , Kim , shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was . ` Steph never cared what anyone thought of her , ' Kim said . ` She had an easy way about her that meant she could get along with anyone . ' Mr Leeson-Woolley looked visibly distressed throughout the service , held just outside the town of Eugowra in New South Wales ' central west . Leeton Shire Mayor Paul Maytom told Daily Mail Australia Anika Stanford had been helpful to police but could not expand on it any more . The pair recently met for coffee and during their conversation earlier this week , Cr Maytom said he had offered friendship and support to Anika . Ms Stanford met with Leeton Shire Mayor Paul Maytom ahead of Ms Scott 's funeral , and offered her condolences to her family and friends . When Daily Mail Australia knocked on the door of the Stanford 's home on Thursday nobody answered , but it was understood two people were inside at the time . Ms Scott 's funeral was held on Wednesday at Eat Your Greens , where she was supposed to get married . The much-loved school teacher 's fiance Aaron Leeson-Wooley sat between Ms Scott 's parents Robert and Merrilyn at the funeral . Vincent Stanford , pictured here age 11 , is due to appear in court in June . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen 's party in Canberra in March with her mother Merrilyn . ` I know she has people at work -LSB- to talk to -RSB- but I wanted the community to have that contact with her , and we care about her feelings in this matter , ' he said . ` She has been deeply saddened by this event . ` She feels terrible and was able to vent her condolences through me . ' Cr Maytom told Daily Mail Australia he had not passed on these sentiments to Stephanie Scott 's family but intended to do so through a council condolences card . ' -LSB- I will -RSB- make note of the condolence ... at an appropriate time , ' he said . ` The community has been very supportive of my having contact with -LSB- Anika , even though they are devastated -RSB- . ' Ms Scott is survived by her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , and was killed just days before the pair were set to wed . Stephanie Scott is pictured giggling as a little girl -LRB- far right -RRB- in a sweet photo with her elder sisters Robyn and Kim , in a photo shared by her sister Kim on the eve of her tragic funeral . Police were lead to Stephanie Scott 's remains by the family of her accused killer , Vincent Stanford . On Tuesday the woman 's heartbroken family shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ` show their support of our beautiful Steph ' for her funeral . ` Hi everyone . Tomorrow will be Stephanie 's funeral ... All are welcome to pay your respects , ' wrote Stephanie Scott 's sister Kim on Tuesday night . ` She was a beautiful girl and we 'd all love to see you to show your support for her . ' On the same day , the school used social media to reach out to staff , students and parents after their first day back after the school holidays . It had also been the first day on campus without the beloved teacher . ` Once again , whenever strength , unity , leadership and integrity is asked of the whole student body , Leeton High 's students rise to the challenge , ' they wrote . The school 's Facebook admin proceeded to commend the school community for their thoughtfulness after a beautiful , yellow-themed tribute was left for Ms Scott at the school following her disappearance . ` Just like at the fence tribute for Stephanie last Thursday , you guys were impeccable on this , the toughest of all school days . ' School cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , has been charged with Ms Scott 's murder and is due to appear in court in June . Family and friends grieve a day after Ms Scott 's remains were found . Stephanie Scott 's mother -LRB- right -RRB- comforts her daughter 's fiance , Aaron Leeon-Woolley who would have married Stephanie that day . Leeton High School made an touching gesture , sending a supportive message to the entire school community to acknowledge the grief they may feel as they face the daunting task of returning to school . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . Aaron Leeson-Woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service on the day he had been due to marry the love of his life , Stephanie Scott . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .