Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique , which leaves them just two points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga . It was a cruel twist of fate for Bravo and Pique , both of whom have been outstanding in the second half of the season and the effort on Sevilla 's part was momentous . A year ago Barcelona travelled to Andalusia to face Granada and left a beaten side , their title challenge hitting an iceberg . This was not as brutal a blow , but Enrique 's team will need to right themselves quickly ahead of a testing fortnight . Lionel Messi -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates scoring the opening goal with Neymar . Sevilla : Sergio Rico , Coke , Carrico , Pareja , Tremoulinas , Krychowiak , Banega , Iborra -LRB- Mbia 70 -RRB- , Aleix Vidal , Bacca -LRB- Gameiro 75 -RRB- , Vitolo -LRB- Reyes 70 -RRB- . Subs not used : David Soria , Navarro , Diogo , D Suarez . Goals : Banega 37 , Gameiro 83 . Booked : Iborra , Reyes , Mbia , Krychowiak , Banega . Barcelona : Bravo , Alves , Pique , Mathieu , Alba , Busquets , Rakitic , Iniesta -LRB- Pedro 85 -RRB- , Messi , Suarez , Neymar -LRB- Xavi 73 -RRB- . Subs not used : Ter Stegen , Xavi , Pedro , Rafinha , Mascherano , Bartra , Adriano . Goals : Messi 14 , Neymar 31 . Booked : Busquets , Pique . Ref : Juan Martinez Munuera . Goals from Lionel Messi and Neymar looked to have ended Sevilla 's amazing 14-month unbeaten home record in La Liga , but Unai Emery 's men showed why they are so hard to beat with a momentous comeback . Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla 's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench . To be able to leave out two Barcelona loanees shows the strength in depth that the coach has . It also shows how Sevilla won the Europa League last season and why they are aiming to reach the Champions League this year . A big part of their European triumph last season was down to their captain Ivan Rakitic . Enough , in fact , that Barcelona decided to pluck him from Emery 's ranks and give him a bigger stage to shine on . Rakitic says he still holds Sevilla in his heart , thanks to his four season spell in Andalusia . Perhaps his history confused him early on , with the Croat playing a terrible ball back towards his own box which did n't cost Barcelona , thanks to the referee deciding he was fouled after releasing it . Messi curled home a trademark left-footed shot against Sevilla . Real Madrid had already done their part on Saturday afternoon , seeing off Eibar at the Santiago Bernabeu and then desperately hoped Sevilla would be able to do theirs . Something had to give at the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan , whether it was Sevilla 's streak , or Barcelona 's nine-game winning run . It was Barcelona who last did the damage here in February 2014 , but they could not do it again . Jordi Alba , Sergio Busquets and Neymar were brought back into the Barcelona side after missing Wednesday 's win against Almeria , through injury , suspension and rotation respectively . The latter had a point to prove after a run of fruitless games , where he 's been more likely to cause a fight than score a goal . That was n't the case here . Neymar hit a beautifully struck free-kick from the left , to double Barcelona 's lead after half-an-hour . Messi had opened the scoring , with a goal similar to his strike in mid-week . Neymar fed the ball into the Argentine on the right-hand side of the box , who took a touch to work some space and then curled the ball sweetly around the outstretched arm of Sergio Rico and into the top left corner . The Argentine forward took his season 's tally to 34 goals in La Liga . Sevilla are good opponents for Messi , who has scored more goals against them than any other side , bar Atletico Madrid . And it was Sevilla he hit a hat-trick against at the Camp Nou earlier this season , the game where he overtook Telmo Zarra 's all-time record of 251 goals . When the big games have come around this season , Barcelona have brought their big game . Dani Alves , for example , has not had a good season , but when the chips are down he 's dug deep . This could be the last time he plays against Sevilla , his former side , and he evoked memories of his former self , charging up the right but getting back when needed as well . However , Sevilla got themselves back in the game before the break with a long-range drive from Ever Banega , the Argentine midfielder who has been reinvigorated under Emery 's watchful eye . Netmar doubled Barcelona 's lead with a curling free kick into the top corner . On a day of goalkeeping errors in Spain you suspected it would be third-choice Sevilla stopper Sergio Rico adding to the list , rather than Barcelona 's Claudio Bravo , but that was not the case . The latter is on course to beat Thibaut Courtois ' Zamora Trophy winning 20 clean sheets from last season , with 17 so far , but could not add to his tally here . Bravo got a hand to Banega 's strike but only succeeded in tipping it in off the post , rather than around it . Barcelona had chances to extend their lead , with Messi seeing a free kick tipped over , and Luis Suarez culpable of missing two huge opportunities . He blazed both over the crossbar , either side of the half-time interval . The first he was off-balance for and the angle was tricky , but the second was a golden chance . Andres Iniesta saw his shot saved by Rico , but Suarez could n't find the empty net with the rebound . But the Catalan side were n't creating chances at will ; this was hard work against durable , cunning opponents . Krychowiak made a quite phenomenal tackle on Messi which typified the sprit Sevilla showed both in this encounter and throughout the season . With the No 10 running at Sevilla 's defence , the Pole fought back , eventually committing himself to a sliding challenge , from which he emerged with the ball , and started a break . Luis Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- shoots past Sevilla midfielder Daniel Carrico . Carlos Bacca -- Cristiano Ronaldo , Messi and Neymar aside , La Liga 's most proflific forward this season -- went close when he whistled a strike over the top of Bravo 's goal , while Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets were both booked for stopping lightning-quick attacks . It was n't enough . Emery undid Barcelona with three substitutions , all of which paid dividends . Jose Antonio Reyes played a big part in the equaliser , which was converted by another substitute , Kevin Gameiro . Gerard Pique gave the ball away and Reyes combined with Vitolo , before Gameiro side-footed home a low , scuttled cross at the far post , to ignite the stadium . What makes things worse for Barcelona is that this game is just the start of a brutal fortnight . Enrique 's side travel to Paris to play PSG on Wednesday , before hosting high-flying Valencia on Saturday . Then it 's PSG again three days later , before a Catalan derby at Espanyol . By that time , they may even be playing catch-up . One crumb of comfort for Enrique though . Real Madrid still have to come to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan and to a man , Barcelona 's side will testify to the difficulty of emerging with three points . Neymar is challenged by Sevilla 's Grzegorz Krychowiak -LRB- right -RRB- and Victor Machin . Messi , right , skips past the challenge of Sevilla 's Grzegorz Krychowiak .