Just last month she was unveiled as the face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range and is currently busy working on her new TV projects , but there 's just no stopping Michelle Keegan . The pint-sized brunette is clearly keen to prove that there 's no end to her talents - by designing yet another range for Lipsy . The actress and model has given fans a sneak peak of her stunning summer range ahead of the launch on Wednesday - and you can expect stunning summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals . Scroll down for video . Michelle Keegan has teased fashion fans with some items from her new Lipsy range , which will be landing in store on Wednesday . Michelle , 27 , who is getting set to tie the knot with fiance Mark Wright , shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in the new campaign imagery . The designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and her success shows no sign of abating . The former Coronation Street star , whose collections have been a stellar success for the brand , has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months . As the clothes horse shows , her new range is full of colourful print playsuits , cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace . Michelle , 27 , shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in the new campaign imagery . Michelle says her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day and treats herself to a facial every other week to rehydrate her skin . Speaking to FEMAIL recently , Michelle revealed the regime that keeps her fit , healthy and glowing from the inside out . Sharing her top tanning tips for a flawless faux glow as she shows off her natural beauty in behind the scenes imagery , Michelle advised : ` Always exfoliate first and not just knees and elbows , all over your body . ` Next , I moisturise all over and then use Garnier Dry Body Mist all over my body , including the underside of my arms . ' The star , who says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed , also swears by LVL eyelash treatments . LVL , which stands for length , volume and lift , flicks , curls and straightens lashes from the roots up so they appear much longer . ` It helps make my lashes darker and more voluminous , ' says Michelle of the treatment , which takes an hour and a half and lasts over two months . The designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and her success shows no sign of abating as she unveils yet another stylish range . The star , 27 , says she 's always been a fan of the range and has been using it for years so when they asked her to work with them , she was ` over the moon ' The star also spoke about how important looking good was to her and how she takes a ` less is more ' approach to make-up . Her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day and treats herself to a facial every other week to rehydrate her skin . She swears by Simple face wipes , Origins serums and Garnier and Kiehl 's moisturisers . In terms of her diet , Michelle has been using the SoulMateFood delivery service and says she will be continuing the healthy eating plan when she comes back to Manchester while filming over the next couple of weeks . Loved by Daisy Lowe and Una Foden , the alkaline food delivery service allows you to create your own healthy menus , which are delivered straight to your front door . ` It 's perfect for me as I am always on the go at the moment and I can always have it with me , ' she said of the meal service . When she 's cooking for herself at home , Michelle starts the day with scrambled egg on brown toast with tomato , followed by a high protein banana smoothie with peanut butter . For lunch , she has a turkey or chicken salad sandwich on brown bread and dinner is salad with chicken or prawn . The flawless star , who found fame on Coronation Street , reveals that her simple but effective beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed . The actress likes to snack on fruit , nuts and her favourite treat : popcorn . Bodywise , Michelle says she tries to work out as much as possible and whilst there 's ` always an excuse not to go ' , she ends up feeling better after a workout . ` I 've been very busy at the moment but if I have time , I go to the gym 3-4 times per week . ' She does n't , however , do any cardio and simply sticks to weight training to tone up . ` Cardio is good for getting you sweating but it slims you down and I think it makes me look too skinny , ' she admitted . She also swears by the 8-minute abs YouTube video , which she does when she gets home from the gym . As for the future , Michelle says she ` may consider ' doing an accessories and jewellery range but for now , she 's focussing on her acting duties . ` I start filming next week for new movie , ' she revealed . ` I am also in talks for another film , so fingers crossed it will go well . ' In between posing in beauty shoots and designing her own Lipsy range , Michelle has been filming for new projects and is in talks for a new movie .