Arizona 's only Hispanic governor , Raul Castro , has died at age 98 . Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care , family spokesman James Garcia said . He was a self-made man , the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college , and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy . During his career , Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador , Bolivia and Argentina . Arizona Governor Doug Ducey said Castro ` lived a full life of exemplary service to Arizona and its people . ' Raul Hector Castro -LRB- above pictured in 2006 -RRB- , former governor of Arizona died on Friday morning . ` He was an honorable public servant , a history-maker , a beloved family man and a strong friend and fighter for Arizona , ' Ducey said in a statement . Castro is survived by his wife , Pat and his two daughters , Mary Pat James and Beth Castro , according to AZ Central . Growing up on the US-Mexico border near Douglas , Arizona , Castro saw discrimination around him . Former Arizona Governor and U.S. Ambassador Raul Hector Castro and his wife Pat , pictured in their Nogales , Arizona home in 2008 . ` America is the land of opportunity , ' he told The Associated Press in 2010 . ` Here , one can accomplish whatever they want to be . But you 've got to work for it . ' He said he wondered why the Hispanics were laborers and none delivered the mail or worked in offices . It did not seem right that the Hispanic children had to walk miles to school every day while the white kids would wave from a passing school bus , he said . Castro set out to beat the odds . When he could not get a job as a teacher -- schools did not hire educators of Mexican descent back then -- he became a drifter for a while , working as a farm hand and boxing here and there . He landed a job with the U.S. Consulate in the border city of Agua Prieta , Mexico . After five years , a senior official told him he was doing a great job but had no future in the foreign service -- he had a Hispanic name and no Ivy League education . Castro then quit and moved to Tucson . A law school dean at the University of Arizona told Castro he would not be accepted because he could not afford to quit a job teaching Spanish . Besides , the dean said , Hispanic students did not do well in law school . Undeterred , Castro went to the university president , who convinced the dean to give Castro an opportunity to prove himself . Castro died in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care , a family spokesman said -LRB- above Castro pictured far right in 1976 with governors at the time including Dick Lamm for Colorado , Jerry Apodaca for New Mexico . He excelled and went on to be elected the first Hispanic county attorney and later the first Hispanic judge in Pima County Superior Court . ` One of the finest men I ever knew , ' former Gov. Rose Mofford , a fellow Democrat , said of Castro during a 2010 interview with the AP . Born in Cananea , Mexico , in 1916 , some 50 miles south of Arizona , Castro grew up in Arizona and graduated from Douglas High School . He was the second youngest in a family with 12 children -- 11 boys and one girl . His father was a union leader forced out of Mexico for organizing a strike at the mine in Cananea . His father died when Castro was 12 , and his mother became a midwife to feed the family . She delivered babies for the Mexican families around Douglas in exchange for flower , corn , beans and other staples . Castro serve as U.S. ambassador to El Salvador , Argentina and Bolivia . Education was the best way out , Castro was determined . He went on to serve as U.S. ambassador to three Latin American countries under three U.S. presidents . Lyndon Johnson sent him to El Salvador , where Castro became known as ` Yankee Castro ' to differentiate him from the other Raul Castro -- the brother of Cuban dictator Fidel Castro . Johnson later sent him to Bolivia and he stayed for a short time under Richard Nixon before returning to Arizona and making the first of two bids for governor . His statewide races were two of the closest gubernatorial elections in state history . He lost to Republican Jack Williams in 1970 by 1.5 percentage points . He fared better four years later as the Republican Party was embroiled in the Watergate corruption scandal . Castro defeated Republican Russ Williams by less than one percentage point three months after Nixon resigned in controversy . As an ambassador and judge , Castro was used to having unquestioned authority . However , he struggled to adjust to the checks and balances imposed on a governor , said Alfredo Gutierrez , a Democrat and legislative leader while Castro was governor . ` It was a very difficult beginning for him , ' Gutierrez said . ` It was quite an adjustment . ' Castro was governor for two and a half years before resigning when President Jimmy Carter appointed him ambassador to Argentina . He told the AP he was proud of his work motivating Hispanics to vote , many of them for the first time despite deep nerves . ` The thing that bothered me the most when I resigned as governor , the Hispanic community felt that I had betrayed them , because they worked so hard to get me elected , ' he said decades later . ` I had to convince them and persuade them that being an American ambassador was just as important as being a governor . I had more authority . ' Castro spent his waning years living in Nogales and talking to students around the state , motivating them to work hard and chase lofty dreams .