Hundreds have attended the funeral of a nine-year-old Calais schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a Polish migrant . The tragic killing of Chloe sparked a national outpouring of grief in France after her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week . Mourners gathered at St Peter 's in northern France today where huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church . Scroll down for video . Isabelle Hyart lovingly touched the small white coffin of her daughter Chloe as it was taken down to the waiting hearse . Distraught : Isabelle Hyart breaks down in tears as she leaves the funeral of her daughter Chloe . The procession of grieving family and friends follows the coffin of the nine-year-old outside St Peter 's Church . Pall bearers carry the coffin of Chloe , who was raped and murdered on April 15 , down the steps of the Saint-Pierre Church in Calais , northern France . The murder of Chloe , who was killed by Zbigniew Huminsk , sparked a national outpouring of grief in France . Chloe had been snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart 's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk , 38 . The young girl was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol . Terror-stricken Miss Hyart had tried helplessly to reach her daughter but Huminsk bundled the girl into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her . He has since confessed to his crimes . Miss Hyart wept as her daughter was carried out after the ceremony and lovingly touched the small white coffin as it was taken down to the waiting hearse . The distraught mother was comforted by family and friends , including Chloe 's father , who all said their final farewells to the young girl . Outside in the Spring sunshine , mourners of all generations stood in silence in tribute to the nine-year-old who was murdered and raped by Huminsk on April 15 . This is the last picture of Chloe , taken on the same day she was abducted while she is seated in front of her family home . Schoolgirl killer Zbigniew Huminski -LRB- left -RRB- did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for the kidnap , rape and murder of Chloe -LRB- right -RRB- . News of his appalling crime shocked the country and on Saturday more than 6,000 took to the streets of Calais on Saturday to form a quarter of a mile long ` White March ' to pay tribute to Chloe . Many of those marching for Chloe were her friends at the Balzac Dance Club where last January she had performed in a show with them to raise money for the Red Cross , which helps migrants . Huminski has a long criminal record in France and Poland , including once attacking a frail woman of 78 with a knife in her home . The career criminal was sentenced to a year behind bars in March , but under the rules in Poland , he was supposed to take himself to jail . Instead , he hit the road for France and , under the EU 's free movement rules , there was nothing to stop him driving across Europe . Despite being banned from France for his earlier offences , Huminski was on his way to see his sister in Southampton last Wednesday when he ` stopped for a beer ' in Calais . He then carried out the attack on Chloe while drunk . Hundreds attended the funeral of the Calais schoolgirl who was killed in a brutal crime that shocked the country . Inside the packed St Peter 's church , broadcast on the screens outside , mourners stood as they listened to the ceremony . Mourners who could not fit inside the packed St Peter 's Church in Calais for the ceremony gathered outside . Huge screens had been erected outside the church for family , friends and members of the public to pay tribute to the girl . Friends , family and Calais locals gathered outside the church to say their final farewells to the young victim . Miss Hyart said previously : ` I 'm appalled , disgusted . I do n't understand why he was in France . And why did he come to Calais ? I do n't understand how anyone could do that to a child of nine . ' In court the killer did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a kidnapping , raping and murdering the girl which are likely to see him jailed for life . Huminski reportedly confessed to murder soon after being arrested close to Chloe 's body in remote woodland on the edge of Calais . Deputy mayor Philippe Mignonet had discovered the body after joining the police hunt to find the missing girl . Speaking in the town hall , he said : ` I saw a red car in the bushes and realised it was the car the police were looking for , so I called the police and three officers turned up . ` I will never forget , for as long as I live , the terrible image that day . I can not get it out of my mind . We all feel so sad for the family . It has been a terrible week for our town . ' Describing every parent 's worst nightmare , Miss Hyart said the brazen abduction happened in broad daylight on Wednesday when she left her daughter in the playground to pop back inside the flat to change her four-year-old son 's clothing . Miss Hyart wept as she left the funeral ceremony of her daughter surrounded by friends and family . The young girl was snatched from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol in front of her terror-stricken mother who is pictured leaving the church with Chloe 's father . Miss Hyart is comforted by the father of her deceased daughter at the funeral which was attended by hundreds . Miss Hyart said she was later told by police that Chloe had been raped and then strangled to death in an isolated wood once used as an illegal camp for migrants bound for the UK . Chloe had finished school and had been playing outside before her dance lesson at 4 pm . At 2.31 pm , her mother proudly posted the photo on Facebook of her daughter in her dance clothes -- and 59 minutes later she was abducted by Huminski , who neighbours had seen hanging around the housing estate drinking beer . Chloe is said to have pointed a water pistol at Huminski as part of a childish game before he bundled into the car , leaving one of her little white shoes lying on the ground . ` I went upstairs for five minutes to change her little brother , ' said Miss Hyart , an unemployed single mother . ` As it was a nice day , she wanted to play with her friend in the playground . ' She said she left another adult , the stepfather of one of Chloe 's friends , to watch over the children . ` When I came down with my two other kids , he said straight away : ` Someone 's taken Chloe ' . He said he did n't know who , that he did n't know him . ` I then went round the building shouting Chloe 's name . She was still there -- I saw her , lying on the ground , hidden behind the dustbins . ` And then this guy , who I did n't see apart from his back , grabbed her , dragged her by the arms into the car with him and left straight away . Hundreds , of all generations , stood in silence outside the church in the Sprind sunshine to pay tribute . A woman sheds tears for Chloe as the mother , relatives and members of the general public attended the funeral mass today . People attend the funeral ceremony for Chloe , whose killer Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a kidnapping , raping and murdering the girl which are likely to see him jailed for life . Flowers and tributes are left to the nine-year-old who was killed by the career criminal who had been sentenced to a year behind bars in March , but instead went on the run through France . Touching messages and tributes left to Chloe by family and friends in her hearse at the funeral . ` It was too fast , I was a few meters away with my other children but could not do anything . I was paralyzed . ` I screamed ` Chloe 's been taken , Chloe 's been taken ' . I was in panic . Everybody arrived , including the police , but it was too late . I do n't know why nobody intervened to start off with . The guy was n't that tough . ' Miss Hyart said she was later told by police that Chloe had been raped and then strangled to death in an isolated wood once used as an illegal camp for migrants bound for the UK . Police found Huminski 's red Seat Toledo with Polish number plates nearby . Huminski , who was drunk , first tried to run away but was then arrested . Huminski , who is single , originally moved to France in the early 2000s , and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the Foreign Legion as a soldier . He was rejected because of his long criminal record in France and Poland . Last night Chloe 's mother said : ` What did he do to my daughter ? I want to know . I want to see him , I want some answers . Walking together : The Mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart -LRB- right -RRB- and the mother -LRB- centre -RRB- of Chloe left Calais City Hill with relatives after a walk in memory of her daughter . The little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken on April 15 . ` At the moment I 'm still in shock , it 's like I 'm on autopilot . But when I speak about Chloe , I 'm in floods of tears . I ca n't help crying . ` I 'm starting to understand that I will not see Chloe again . It 's hard . Very hard . ` Above all , I do n't know when or how I 'm going to tell her little sister and her little brother . They 're only five and four , and I do n't know how they 're going to understand . ` I 'm going to tell them that she 's gone to heaven , that she 'll be with my father , who I lost last year . ' Officers were called at 3.30 pm and by around 5 pm , Chloe 's lifeless body had been discovered three miles away in the Dubrulle Wood . Until a few weeks ago , it was the site of a large immigrant camp , made up of mainly men trying to get aboard ferries sailing to the south coast of England . Such camps are regularly razed by the French authorities , with the migrants moved on . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls called for a full investigation in to Huminski 's past , saying Chloe 's family deserved the ` whole truth ' . Christine Taubira , the justice minister , also demanded a ` complete , precise and rapid ' investigation . '