Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time and Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 for the Union 's first Major League Soccer victory of the season on Saturday . NYC goalkeeper Josh Saunders collided with Conor Casey inside the 6-yard box defending a cross and Nogueira toe-poked it home in the 92nd minute . Zach Pfeffer started the scoring in the 27th minute for Philadelphia . Sebastien Le Toux beat his defender , dribbled to the goal-line and fed it across to Pfeffer . David Villa scores from close range to round off a classy New York City goal , but could n't prevent a defeat . Villa started the move with a back-heel before tapping in the rebound after his team-mate 's shot was saved . Former Spain international David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City , reacting first to a rebound off debutant goalkeeper John McCarthy to tap the ball into an empty net . New York 's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls at high-flying DC United . Goalkeeper Bill Hamid blocked Sacha Kljestan 's free kick , but the ball squirted away and Sam beat his defender to the loose ball for the equalizer . Perry Kitchen gave United a 1-0 lead after heading Taylor Kemp 's 26th-minute corner kick off the post and into the net . In the 67th minute , Chris Rolfe navigated through New York 's defense and found Kitchen , who took one touch and drilled a shot for a 2-0 lead for the Eastern Conference leaders . New York answered a minute later when Damien Perrinelle headed in Felipe 's corner kick for his first MLS goal . Sanna Nyassi scored in the 75th minute as San Jose beat MLS-leading Vancouver in a tempestuous match that saw both teams finish with 10 men . San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Sanna Nyassi scores the only goal in his team 's win over Vancouver . Vancouver blocked the first two shot attempts of the sequence , and then Nyassi smashed the left-footed strike from near the penalty spot into the left corner of the goal for his first career goal with the Earthquakes . Pedro Morales and Adam Jahn both received red cards in the 88th minute for a brief altercation . Jahn went down , and Morales kicked at the ball near Jahn 's midsection after the whistle . Jahn kicked back at Morales ' shins in retaliation . Giles Barnes headed home Brad Davis ' free kick in the 15th minute , ending Houston 's 274-minute scoring drought , as the Dynamo beat the Montreal Impact 3-0 . Ricardo Clark doubled the lead for Houston in the 72nd minute and Rob Lovejoy capped the scoring in the 80th as the Dynamo won for the first time in 5 games , despite Montreal controlling possession for most of the contest . Elsewhere , New England played to a scoreless draw with Columbus , as did Real Salt Lake at Sporting Kansas City . The Houston Dynamo players celebrate with Giles Barnes after he scored in a 3-0 win over Montreal Impact .