The glamour of a jet setting lifestyle has made working for Virgin airlines the most desired job in Australia . But a survey of workers has also revealed working for government departments - long considered an easy ride - are among the jobs people would most like to have . The Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey , while the Department of Defence and the Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work . Virgin , the second-largest airline in the country , was reportedly handed the accolade for its ` pleasant working atmosphere , a good work-life balance and strong management ' . Richard Branson 's Virgin Airline is the place most Australians want to work for , according to a new survey . Desk jobs in government departments highly ranked in Australia 's Most Attractive Employer awards . More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson . Coming second in the survey of Australia 's Most Attractive Employer is national public broadcaster the ABC -- confirming a TV career is still high on the list of many people 's dream jobs . And named in third place Thursday was the Department of Immigration and Border Protection , headed up by Immigration Minister Peter Dutton . Other Australians named the ABC as the place they would most like to work , alongside journalist Leigh Sales . Fourth and fifth place at the Randstad Awards were also airline and TV jobs , with the Seven Network and Qantas named respectively . People were asked which companies they had heard of , just how much they would like to work there and why they would like to work there . Frank Ribuot , CEO of Randstad Australia , said : ` The Virgin brand is widely recognised around the world and by people from all walks of life . The Department of Health came in at number 10 in the survey of where most Australians want to work . The Department of Immigration , headed up by Peter Dutton -LRB- right -RRB- , came third . While other Aussies want to work Samantha Armytage at the Seven Network -LRB- left -RRB- . ` For the past few years , Virgin Australia has been recognised as one of the best employers in Australia so it 's testament to the company 's continued investment towards building its employer brand that this year it has taken the highest accolade . ' Geraldine Chin Moody , Group Executive , People , Culture and Sustainability Virgin Australia , said : ` Our people have been key to the successful transformation of the airline over the past few years , and this award is testament to their outstanding professionalism and dedication to excellence . ` Our focus is on supporting our team to actively manage their careers and develop to their full potential . Our people get opportunities to be involved in our transformational projects and build their skills internally . ' Qantas was beaten by Virgin Australia as the top place to work but it still came in fifth place in the survey . In sixth place was multinational food and beverage company Nestle who have headoffice in Rhodes in NSW . In seventh place , Aussies would like a job at Coles or Kmart owners Wesfarmers . In eleventh place was a career with the Australian Federal Police .