Zoe Hadley , also known as Zoe Hommel , who hanged herself in a hotel room after suffering a mystery illness . The teenage daughter of a leading solicitor hanged herself in a hotel room after years of suffering a mystery illness that left her unable to eat , walk or open her eyes for long periods , an inquest has heard . Zoe Hadley , 19 , also known as Zoe Hommel , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in Putney , south west London last year . An inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents , solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence , struggled to treat her condition . The inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems . She insisted on having a series of operations , including the removal of her healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she 'd had a surgery for a prolapse . The inquest also heard that Miss Hadley suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk . After her death , notes she had written saying she was ` tormented by voices ' indicating she might have been suffering from schizophrenia , the hearing was told . A statement read to the hearing on behalf of her father , Dr Hommel , described how he and his wife fought to cope with their daughter 's illness and their vain attempts to help her . He said : ` She was a beautiful , intelligent , loving daughter . ` Up until the age of 13 she excelled at school . In 2009 she started to suffer terrible headaches and no physical causes were found . ` She was not eating , drinking or opening her eyes . It took her three months of treatment at Great Ormond Street Hospital to open her eyes and look at us , four months to eat solid food , six months before she could get into a wheelchair . The cause of the illness was never found . ' He said she recovered quickly and was ` so determined ' to catch up with her friends after missing nine months of school she did a year 's work in just one month , later coming top of her class . However , she relapsed in April 2011 and became convinced she could not use her legs . Her parents tended to her while trying to convince her she was perfectly fit . Dr Hommel added : ` From the age of 16 she started to go to the doctors to seek diagnoses for a neurological disease she believed she suffered from and seek a cure for her paralysis . ` In September 2011 she cut off all her school friends and never spoke to them again . ' During that time she was bedbound for 18 months in hospital , but decided one day she was better and started getting involved as an actress and planning to go to America to finish her studies , the inquest heard . When she was 18 she had her appendix removed without telling her parents . In May 2014 , after going under anaesthetic for an ` unnecessary operation ' she began to hear voices . She also suffered from obsessive compulsive disorder -LRB- OCD -RRB- and spent three to four hours a day washing herself and her possessions , leaving her skin raw and bleeding . At one point she was admitted to hospital after her body mass index dropped to 15 , the inquest heard . The inquest heard that Miss Hadley , pictured , suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk . She was treated at the Priory clinic for OCD , but was released because she refused food and doctors feared she would starve herself to death unless she was allowed to return home and be treated there . Her father explained : ` We sought expert psychiatric help for her which she rejected . ` She became increasingly psychotic , the voices returned with intensity . She never accepted help . It was unintelligible to her that her illnesses were not physical . We hope she is finally at peace and her soul is in a better place . ' Jonathan Bindman , who worked at Barnet , Enfield and Haringey Mental Health Trust , took charge of Miss Hadley 's treatment after she was released from The Priory in October 2014 . He diagnosed her with somatoform disorder , an anxiety-related condition whose sufferers feel real pain that ca n't be medically explained . However , he said that had she revealed the extent of her psychosis he would have diagnosed her with schizophrenia and given her the treatment she needed . He added : ` Zoe was not prepared to cooperate . Westminster Coroner 's Court , pictured , heard how Miss Hadley was an intelligent and gifted young woman until showing signs of mental illness . ` She experienced delusions around the issue her father and a surgeon had faked an operation and was conspiring against her . ' Detective Constable William Hanlan , who carried out the investigation into her death , said she checked into the MK Hotel in Putney on the morning of January 26 last year . The next day her body was found by a cleaner . Recording a verdict of suicide , Westminster Coroner Fiona Wilcox said : ` She was an intelligent , gifted young woman , who until the age of 13 was normal but very clever . ` From 2009 she began to show signs of a serious mental illness . Her symptoms were persistent ideas she suffered from some illness that was undiagnosed by doctors . ` She was very intelligent and used her intelligence at times to share with those around her as much as she wanted them to know and did so successfully . ` Her illness was incredibly disabling and completely affected every aspect of her life . ` She was suffering from a psychotic illness which impacted on her decision to take her own life . Maybe she intended to take her own life to escape from the illness or she took her own life suffering under a delusion . I do n't know . ` Her parents , clearly for many years , did everything possible for their daughter who was very clearly troubled and unwell . '