A couple who chose to forsake their dream wedding in order to pay for one final shot at IVF are celebrating giving birth to twins and even found a way to say their ` I do 's ' Becca Litchfield , 29 , and partner Dale , 30 , from Gotham , Nottingham , were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding , or fertility treatment . Desperate for a family , the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF , but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition . Becca and Dale Litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at IVF and have since welcomed twins , Darci-Mai -LRB- left -RRB- and Stanley -LRB- right -RRB- . The happy couple said their vows , and were overjoyed when they discovered the fertility treatment had worked - and Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai . The full-time mother says that the couple ca n't believe their luck having achieved both of their dreams . ` When we realised we 'd could n't have children and get married , it was heart breaking , ' she said . ` It was devastating to give up one of our dreams . We knew that we were n't getting any younger so the best option was to try IVF one last time , and sacrifice the wedding . ` It was a risk , because the IVF could have failed - and we 'd have ended up with neither . ` But when we won the wedding competition , and then found out I was pregnant , it was unbelievable . Although they had given up on the idea of their perfect wedding the couple were blessed with yet another stroke of luck when they won a wedding contest which allowed them to finally get married . Before they conceived Darci-Mai -LRB- right -RRB- and Stanley -LRB- left -RRB- Becca and Dale had attempted two rounds of IVF . ` Now I 've got my dream - the perfect husband and children , I could n't be happier . ' Becca and Dale , first started IVF treatment in 2012 after a year of failing to conceive naturally . The couple spent £ 5,500 on two rounds of IVF , keeping back an additional sum of money that they planned to spend on their wedding day . But after two failed attempts , Becca and Dale were forced to make a decision , Becca says that it was an incredibly difficult one to make . ` We were spending all of our money on IVF treatment hoping we 'd conceive but after we failed twice I wondered if I 'd ever get pregnant , ' she said . ` We planned to use the spare money to get married but knew because of our ages we 'd have to have kids now or never . ` I 'd always dreamt of feeling my baby kick for the first time and the bond after giving birth , so I knew we had to try IVF one last time . ' After winning the wedding competition the couple were able to have the white wedding they had always wanted . Becca , pictured with Darci-Mai -LRB- left -RRB- and Stanley -LRB- right -RRB- . In order to conceive , Becca , pictured with Darci-Mai , had to take three hormone injections a day but she says it was entirely worth it . After abandoning hopes of a big celebration the couple decided to at least secure their relationship with a proposal . ` We were advised to wait for a year before trying again - I was just counting down the days , ' she said . ` It felt like time was ticking away so quickly . At the end of the year , Dale and I officially became engaged - it was a way to lift our spirits and we thought if we could n't have a big wedding , we could at least get engaged . ' But unbeknownst to Becca , during their year long wait for IVF , Dale , who works as an electrician , entered the pair into a win a wedding competition . Becca says that once again fate was in their favour having initially been runners-up . Becca says that she and Dale could n't stop beaming when they discovered they were expecting twins . ` We actually came second in the competition , but then the first place dropped out and so we won , ' she said . ` We could n't believe it - after all the heart ache and the decision making , we were getting both . ` It felt like a miracle . I 'd always dreamt of a big white wedding and walking down the aisle , but I 'd put that to the back of my mind . ` I could n't believe my dreams were going to become a reality . ' After the wedding , the pair changed fertility clinics and had their final round of IVF . It was here that medics discovered Becca had low hormone levels and started to treat her for the problem , giving her three hormone injections a day to increase the chance of her falling pregnant . When Becca first discovered she was pregnant she was so shocked she took four tests to make sure . She gave birth to twins Darci-Mai -LRB- left -RRB- and Stanley -LRB- right -RRB- . Becca says that it was a challenging period but she was prepared to carry on in hope of having her dream family . ` I felt like a pin cushion while I was having all the treatment but knew it was worth it . ` Then after the eggs were implanted I took two weeks off work to relax and do nothing other than sit with my legs up in the hope it would help us to get pregnant . ` Then we did a pregnancy test and it was positive . We did n't want to get our hopes up but after four more tests said we were pregnant I believed it . ' Overjoyed with the news Becca was then astounded to find out that she was not carrying just one baby but two . ` Once I knew I was pregnant I had a feeling we were going to have twins and when doctors confirmed it we could n't believe it . ` When the doctor told me there were two heartbeats we were all gobsmacked . The twins were born on 27th September last year . Becca says that even when the Darci-Mai -LRB- left -RRB- and Stanley -LRB- right -RRB- are screaming she feels lucky to have them . ` Me and Dale sat beaming at each other , we could n't believe we were about to have one baby let alone twins . ' The twins were born in September last year and six months later the couple still ca n't quite believe their luck . Becca said : ` It 's amazing to think how dramatically our life changed in one year - we got married and now have a beautiful boy and girl . ` Even now I still feel so privileged to have children - even when they are screaming I keep thinking thank goodness that they are with us . ` Before I thought of myself as very unlucky , I 'd never won anything in my life . ` But since winning our wedding and having kids it still does n't feel real . ` I 've definitely used my life 's worth of luck now but I do n't care because I 've got everything I ever dreamed of so I 'm happy . ` Finally everything 's gone right , we are finally married parents after everything we 've been through it is incredible . '