There are few things better than sipping a refreshing drink while admiring spectacular views of the sea and soaking up the sun at an island resort . Unless you have the entire island to yourself . Holidaymakers with deep pockets can find that kind of privacy on a Brazilian island which is tucked inside a picturesque bay and boasts chalets over the water , air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat , a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock -- all from £ 2,500 -LRB- $ 3,750 -RRB- a night . Scroll down for video . Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the Brazilian heat . Located off the Costa Verde , between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo , the private island boasts stunning surroundings . With the main residence and four chalets the island - priced from £ 2,500 a night - can accommodate eight guests . Ilha de Mana is a 15-minute boat ride from Paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from Rio de Janeiro . Perhaps the best part of all is that guests who rent Ilha de Mana -- about a mile off the mainland near the colonial town of Paraty -- wo n't have to fight for a sunlounger . While they have the tropical island all to themselves they will have access to a private , 100-ft beach protected from the open ocean on the stunning bay of Angra dos Reis . Large enough to accommodate eight guests , Ilha de Mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , has a solar-powered main residence with a dining room , fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining . Four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom -LRB- the island has its own water supply -RRB- , and provide access to a communal lounge , bar and wooden terrace . Located a short walk from the main residence , the smaller chalets have access to a communal lounge , bar and wooden terrace . The main residence has a dining room , fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining ; every building is solar powered . Each guest room has incredible views of the bay of Angra dos Reis , where the island is protected from the open ocean . Surrounded by stunning views , Ilha de Mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , and the mainland are home to lush vegetation . Ilha de Mana is sheltered from the Atlantic Ocean in the bay of Angra dos Reis , where it is about a mile from Paraty , Brazil . When it 's time to cool down guests can leap into the crystal clear sea or relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock , or they can head out onto the bay in a speedboat that comes with the property . With coconut palms and other lush vegetation , the private island offers breathtaking views and thrilling activities . Letting agency WhereInRio said the surrounding sea is studded with 365 mountainous and jungle-covered islands with no fewer than 2,000 sandy beaches . When it 's time to cool down guests can leap into the crystal clear sea or relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock . WhereInRio said the surrounding sea is studded with 365 mountainous and jungle-covered islands with hundreds of sandy beaches . Guests can unwind on sunloungers , relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock , or go for a ride in a speedboat . When they 're not relaxing on the island guests can swim with sea turtles or discover underwater wrecks while scuba diving . Adventurous holidaymakers who venture off the island can spot monkeys and parrots during hikes , swim with sea turtles or discover underwater wrecks while scuba diving . Located off the Costa Verde , between Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro , the area is home to Brazilian celebrities and wealthy entrepreneurs . Ilha de Mana is a 15-minute boat ride from the town of Paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from Rio de Janeiro . Despite its isolated location , guests who are unable to ` unplug ' when they head abroad can enjoy most of the comforts from back home , including internet and satellite television .