A transgender South Carolina teenager who was told to remove her makeup for a driver 's license photo has settled her lawsuit over the incident and a state agency has agreed to handle such cases differently , according to court documents . Under the terms of the settlement , the state DMV is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . Agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who do n't identify with either gender . Transgender teen Chase Culpepper , 17 , who was born male but identifies as female , was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up -LRB- left -RRB- for her license photo last year -LRB- after taking off make-up right -RRB- . After a legal battle , the policy has been changed and Miss Culpepper was allowed to wear makeup for her ID . The 17-year-old transgender teen won her legal battle against the state DMV to appear in her license with make-up and jewelry . Chase Culpepper , 17 , who was born male but now identifies as female , regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women 's clothing . After passing a driving test last year , she was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson , about 100 miles northwest of Columbia , to remove her makeup because of a policy that bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance . After several attempts , Culpepper says the makeup was removed to the satisfaction of DMV employees , and a license photo was ultimately taken , a process the teen called degrading and humiliating . Culpepper and the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund , a New York legal defense group , wrote to DMV officials , asking that Culpepper be allowed to take a new photo . They eventually sued the agency , calling the policy unconstitutionally vague . In a release from the defense fund , Culpepper said she was pleased with the settlement , which also includes a requirement that the DMV officially apologize to her and allow her to take a license photo with her everyday makeup . ` My clothing and makeup reflect who I am , ' Culpepper said . ` From day one , all I wanted was to get a driver 's license that looks like me . Now I will be able to do that . ' Under the settlement , the DMV also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender . DMV officials on Wednesday declined to comment , saying the agency 's policy is not to discuss any litigation , even after a settlement is reached . Following the victory , the South Carolina teen said : ` My clothing and makeup reflect who I am '