Detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old William Tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother 's house last September . Detective Superintendent Mick Willing , NSW Homicide Squad Commander , said on Friday : ` One of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring . ' He said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace . ' ` We are perusing every lead that we get , ' Detective Willing said . The news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the NSW mid-north coast . ` Just give him back ... take him to a church , take him to a police station , take him to school . Give him to someone , give him back , ' his mother says in a video released by police . The distraught couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts . Scroll down for video . New video : The parents of missing William Tyrrell , who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring , released home videos of the missing son showing the lively young boy playing guitar -LRB- above -RRB- and playing around his home . Heartfelt plea : William Tyrrell 's distraught parents released a video pleading for their missing son 's return as well as home movies showing the lively boy riding his bike -LRB- pictured -RRB- and playing at the family home . Full of life : The new videos of William Tyrrell -LRB- pictured , above at a slightly younger age -RRB- show a smiling boy full of energy and his mother has begged kidnappers to show her son care and love if the little boy is still alive , seven months after police believe he was abducted from his grandmother 's NSW mid north coast home . The parents of missing three-year-old William Tyrrell have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in daylight last September . ` Just give him back ' : The parents -LRB- pictured -RRB- issued the plea in an emotional video released by NSW Police to encourage people to come with forward with new leads as to the missing toddler 's whereabouts . In the videos , William can be seen riding his bike down a path and flashing a cheeky grin , as well as playing a guitar and swivelling his hips in times to the music . William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September . Investigators believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . Legal restrictions have prevented William 's parents from speaking publicly throughout the ordeal , and their identities are not revealed in the video . The home videos of William were released on Friday . William 's father choked back tears as he remembered his son , who was infatuated with the Spider-Man superhero . ' -LRB- He loved -RRB- anything that related to Spider-Man and superheroes , ' William 's father said in the video . ` He 's a cheeky , vibrant little boy ... full of energy . I mean he 's my little boy . ' But he said William was a cautious boy who would n't go with a stranger . Vigorous pursuit : NSW Homicide squad boss Detective Superintendent Mick Willing -LRB- pictured -RRB- revealed on Friday that police are investigating William Tyrrell 's disappearance at a very fast pace and that ` one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring ' One of the new photos released by police of William Tyrrell show the three-year-old smiling and drawing , while other images and photos show an energetic and happy youngster full of life . A new home video of cheeky William Tyrrell -LRB- pictured , eating cake -RRB- has been provided by the family in their desperate wait for the return of the three-year-old , seven months after his probable kidnap . William 's father -LRB- pictured in a videoed plea filmed by NSW Police -RRB- choked back tears as he remembered his son , describing the toddler 's love of superheroes . Homicide Squad Commander , Detective Superintendent Mick Willing talks to the media in relation to the investigation of missing toddler , William Tyrrell . His mother said she had a vision that somebody ` reached over ... has gone ` clump ' on his shoulders , picked him up and moved him on ... because ... that 's the only way ... to explain for him not to be there . ' She said the family was struggling with not knowing where William is or what happened to him . ` We need to know what happened to him ... ` cause we ca n't live forever ... like this . ' She said she hoped whoever had him was looking after him . ` I want him to be safe , I want him to be feeling loved and I want someone to be looking after him because to imagine that something else is going on ... we ca n't live like that . ' William was playing in his grandmother 's yard dressed in a Spider-Man suit in Kendall , on the NSW Mid North Coast last September when he disappeared in broad daylight . William Tyrrell 's parents released this new photo -LRB- above -RRB- of their missing son , with an impassioned plea in which his mother said she had a vision that somebody ` reached over ... and has gone `` clump '' on his shoulders ' William 's mother said in a tearful plea that she hoped whoever had her son -LRB- pictured -RRB- was looking after him and making him feel loved . The parents are calling for any who has any information to contact Crime Stoppers immediately on 1800 333 000 . The release of the video comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in Bonny Hills , south of Port Macquarie , for evidence relating to William 's whereabouts . Police divers were brought in from Sydney to search a murky dam in a bush reserve and a nearby swamp , after more than 30 officers and the dog squad had spent spent two days searching through dense bushland - including along a track that can only be accessed by four-wheel drive . The release of the video of William -LRB- pictured -RRB- comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in Bonny Hills on the NSW Mid North Coast in a renewed effort to find the boy who vanished last September . NSW Police divers search a dam for evidence of missing boy William Tyrrell near Bonny Hills , NSW . Police divers were brought in from Sydney to search the murky dam in a bush reserve , and a nearby swamp . The three-day search was carried out near local washing machine repairman William ` Bill ' Spedding 's home . Mr Spedding was identified as a person of interest in the case after he was due to fix William 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the toddler vanished . However , Mr Spedding says he did n't go to the house on September 12 because he could n't get in contact with William 's grandmother . Police searched the 63-year-old 's home and business in nearby Laurieton in January , seizing various items , including cars , a mattress and computer , for forensic examination . Mr Spedding has strongly denied any involvement and police have previously stressed he is n't their only line of inquiry .