Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £ 88million but Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place in the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List . Formula One world champion Hamilton , who lives as a tax exile in Monaco , remains on pole position in the list but his fortune has spiralled by £ 20million on last year . Hamilton has his sights on retaining his world championship title after winning three of the first four races of the season , and is set to sign a new contract with Mercedes worth £ 27million a year . Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List with a fortune of £ 88million . Hamilton and actress Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2 on Friday . The scene seems to show the celebrities and fashionistas have gathered to watch Zoolander 's latest show . Hamilton and Munn happily chatted and checked out each other 's phones in between takes . The list was released just hours after Hamilton was pictured on the Rome set for the filming of comedy sequel Zoolander 2 on Friday . Hamilton was sat front row with Olivia Munn and busily chatting in between takes for the film which will be released in February 2016 . Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen having previously lent his voice to Disney animation Cars 2 . Rooney 's overall wealth is up £ 12million to £ 72million , and the Manchester United and England skipper remains on course to join David Beckham as the only British footballer to amass a fortune of more than £ 100million . Rooney 's £ 300,000-a-week contract with United still has another four seasons to run , and he is just two goals short of Sir Bobby Charlton 's record of 49 goals for England . Button is £ 1million behind Rooney and though his net worth has grown by £ 8million in the past year , he signed a new contract on a reduced salary of around £ 8 million a year last December . Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £ 72m . Formula One driver Jenson Button is just £ 1m behind Rooney with a fortune of £ 71m . Andy Murray -LRB- left -RRB- takes up fourth place on the Rich List with wealth put at £ 48m . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is in sixth place on £ 42m , but is £ 2m behind Rio Ferdinand . Tennis player Andy Murray is now fourth on the list with wealth put at £ 48million . The 27-year-old signed a three-year deal with Standard Life last year and also left the Adidas stable to take up a new £ 15m four-year deal with American clothing brand Under Armour . Rio Ferdinand -LRB- £ 44million -RRB- is ahead of former England team-mate Steven Gerrard -LRB- £ 42million -RRB- , while British NBA star Luol Deng , who plays for Miami Heat , has a fortune of £ 40million . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho -LRB- £ 40m -RRB- is next on the list ahead of Arsenal 's Arsene Wenger -LRB- £ 38m -RRB- who is tied in 10th position with Ryan Giggs , the 41-year-old who is now the assistant manager of Manchester United . British NBA star Luol Deng -LRB- right -RRB- in action for the Miami Heat - and his wealth is put at £ 40m . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is in seventh position with £ 40m , which is £ 2m more than Arsene Wenger .