Tony McCoy , the greatest ever jump jockey , is guaranteed a roaring send-off at Aintree this week as racegoers tip a fairytale ending to his glorious career . The 40-year-old from County Antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his Grand National ride Shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world 's most famous steeplechase . McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National and Aintree is busy setting the scene to make sure it is one he never forgets . The Royal Liver Building in Liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for Tony McCoy . The building was lit up with the image of McCoy winning the Grand National on Do n't Push It in 2010 . Tony McCoy is guaranteed a great send-off during the Grand National at Aintree this week . On Wednesday night , one of Liverpool 's most iconic landmarks , the city 's Royal Liver Building , was lit up with a good luck message . The famous building was illuminated with an image of one of McCoy 's finest moments -- winning the world famous Grand National on Do n't Push It in 2010 -- together with the words ` The Greatest Jockey . The Greatest Race . ' ` The AP McCoy factor is reaching fever pitch with it being his 20th and final Grand National , ' said John Baker , Regional Director of Jockey Club Racecourses North West . ` We certainly plan to give him a great send off and I 'm sure the 150,000 racegoers will join us in honouring the greatest jockey the sport has ever seen . ' Aintree will line the parade ring with banners from AP 's 20 Grand Nationals ; there will be a ` Thank You AP ' signature wall where racegoers can sign messages of thanks , which will be auctioned off for Alder Hey Hospital after the festival . There will also be images of AP on the media centre wall , courtesy of Charlie Barton and he will be inducted as an ` Aintree Legend ' on Grand Opening Day while Baker promises ` with a few other surprises it should prove to be a great send-off ' . McCoy celebrates winning the Grand National on Do n't Push It back in 2010 . McCoy 's solitary National triumph was on Do n't Push It in 2010 but his ride this year , trained by Jonjo O'Neill , is being heavily tipped as fans sense a romantic ending for one of racing greats . ` We ca n't wait to get started now , ' said Baker . ` We have listened to our customers and made the necessary upgrades to ensure the customer experience is superb , we have fantastic music , great new additions to Ladies Day and top-quality racing planned for all three days . Everything is ready for the biggest party in the history of the Crabbie 's Grand National Festival and it 's not one you want to miss . ` We expect really strong fields in every race across the three days and with ten Grade 1 races taking place , everyone who attends is going to be treated to the best our sport can offer , ' he said . ` Add to that forecasts of good weather going into the Festival plus an exciting line-up of musical entertainment on offer and Aintree is going to be the place to be . ' The Crabbie 's Grand National prizemoney is again set at £ 1million with around 70,000 spectators expected on the Saturday and a British TV audience in excess of 8million due to tune in . Such is the support for McCoy that bookmakers are predicting as many as one in three of the £ 150m worth of bets placed on the Grand National will be supporting Shutthefrontdoor . The course itself has overseen a number of enhancements which include upgrades to the toilet and bar facilities around the West Tip area along with new grandstand seating . The Chair Pavilion will be extended this year with an extra 1,500 unreserved external seats available for racegoers . Food and drink facilities throughout the racecourse will be improved with several new additions including an extra seating facility outside the Princess Royal Stand . McCoy beats Black Apalachi ridden by Denis O'Regan over the last fence to win the Grand National in 2010 . Liverpool-based cocktail bar , Palm Sugar will also be situated in the Red Rum Garden for the first time . There is also a new grandstand along with a 60 metre-long marquee with full bar and betting facilities in the Steeplechase enclosure . Aintree has also paired up with Falkirk Council to showcase Scottish sculptor Andy Scott 's award winning Kelpies Maquettes at the course this year . The Maquettes are 1/10 scale sculptures of the world renowned Kelpies situated in Falkirk , Scotland . The hand crafted sculptures in the form of two horse 's heads have been displayed across the world . Musical entertainment in the Equestrian Centre will include The Christians taking the stage on Grand Opening Day ; X Factor star , Jake Quickenden wowing the crowds on Ladies Day ; and ` The Stars from the Commitments ' entertaining the guests on Grand National Day . There will also be a short performance from Liverpool singer and X Factor star , Rebecca Ferguson on the Red Rum Lawn at 4.15 pm on Ladies Day . After-show parties on the Thursday and Friday on the Red Rum Lawn will continue with BBC Radio 2 DJ Sara Cox headlining the after-show party with her 80s DJ set from 6.30 pm on Grand Opening Day , and DJs Lee Butler and Dave Kelly from Radio City offering a cool vibe on Ladies Day , perfect after a day of Grade 1 racing . Before The Crabbie 's Grand National race there will be a special performance of God Save The Queen by a local children 's choir who have been selected from four local Aintree schools in association with Resonate Music Hub . Seventy children have been given the once in a lifetime opportunity to sing in front of 72,000 people at one of the biggest sporting events in the world . Ladies Day has also had a make-over with Aintree offering a Mini Roadster for the winner of the Style Award alongside £ 6,000 worth of prizes from style partner , Liverpool One -- a total of £ 26,000 worth of prizes for the winner . The style contest has also been extended across the course with several giant frames being the focus of entries for the coveted prize . Style judges include Liverpool singer Rebecca Ferguson and Liverpool One 's Jade Fung with the prize being presented by style guru , Gok Wan . Liverpool singer and X Factor star Rebecca Ferguson will give a short performance during Ladies Day . Aside from the Style Award , Ladies Day has had another addition in The Grand Women Summit . In its inaugural year over 120 delegates will meet to discuss women in racing , business and sport with the debate being led by Channel 4 's Tanya Stevenson and with an expert panel including Britain 's greatest ever gymnast , Beth Tweddle MBE ; Rose Paterson , Chairman of Aintree Racecourse ; Dr Denise Barrett-Baxendale MBE , Deputy CEO of Everton FC ; and British Horseracing Authority Chairman , Steve Harman . Delegates will also enjoy a course walk by Ladies Day Ambassador and Easter Monday Irish Grand National National winning jockey , Katie Walsh as well as racing experts , Richard Pitman and Carrie Ford . Jockeys riding in the festival will also visit Alder Hey Children 's Hospital on Friday morning bringing with them two special guests , 2004 winner Amberleigh House and 2012 champion Neptune Collonges . A team of Aintree ` Racemakers ' will be on hand to give spectators a Grand National welcome and guide them around answering any questions . ` The Crabbie 's Grand National Festival is primarily a racing event , but in reality it is much more , ' said John Baker . ` It is part of the cultural landscape of Liverpool . People come to see the best of what the city has to offer and to enjoy once-in-a-lifetime experiences . ' Tickets and hospitality packages for The Crabbie 's Grand National Festival are still available for the Thursday and Friday . Please go to thecrabbiesgrandnational.co.uk or call 0844 579 3001 . Racegoers can also buy tickets at the gate on Thursday and Friday .