Juventus and Inter Milan are among clubs showing interest in Robin van Persie 's situation at Old Trafford . The Manchester United striker has been out of the picture during the club 's rise up the table with an ankle ligament injury ruling him out for the past six weeks . He has still managed 10 goals this season but his performances have been under par . United want to liven up their strikeforce in the summer and are looking to bring in two new forwards with Radamel Falcao expected to return to Monaco and Van Persie in danger of becoming a more peripheral figure . Manchester United striker Robin van Persie is a target for Serie A sides Juventus and Inter Milan this summer . Van Persie has been out injured for six weeks after damaging ankle ligaments against Swansea in February . The Dutchman scores United 's opening goal in their win against Leicester City at Old Trafford in January . The Holland international turns 32 in August and will have one year left on his contract at the end of this season . United will talk to him in the summer but would listen to what other clubs have to offer . Juventus and Inter are admirers and know he could give them a short-term quality option . Real Madrid , Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers of his level , although Barca remain under a transfer embargo until January . Van Persie , pictured celebrating a goal against Liverpool , has struck 10 times for United this season . Radamel Falcao is expected to leave United at the end of his loan spell after failing to make an impact . United have an interest in PSG striker Edinson Cavani , a player David Moyes tried to sign a year ago , and he was unhappy after being substituted at the weekend . PSG , though , also have doubts about the future of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and should he leave they would prefer to keep Cavani . The Uruguayan joined the French champions in a £ 50million deal from Napoli in the summer of 2013 . United could make a move for PSG striker Edinson Cavani -LRB- right -RRB- when the transfer window reopens . Cavani , pictured celebrating a goal against Chelsea , was also a target for ex-United boss David Moyes .