The hunt for proof of the Loch Ness monster 's existence may be over - and it does n't lie in a blurry photograph . Fossils of a creature bearing a ` striking ' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection . Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist , Hugh Miller , the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery . Scroll down for video . Vital clue ? Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed ` Pessie ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness . The intriguing fossils were rediscovered when the president of the Official Loch Ness Fan Club , Gary Campbell , was invited to the museum and spotted them . He saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature . As part of research for the upcoming Inverness Science Festival , museum and festival teams went hunting for the origins of the fossil , belonging to a species known as Pterichthyoides milleri - or ` Pessie ' as it has been christened . Now researchers have revealed that ` Pessie ' may have lived at the bottom of the lakes that would later become Loch Ness . The fish ancestor roamed Earth 's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era , between 542 million and 251 million years ago . The creatures were some of the earliest known vertebrates to possess jaws , though they had grinding plates rather than teeth . Great-great grandma ? Pterichthyoides milleri -LRB- illustration pictured -RRB- roamed Earth 's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era , between 542 million and 251 million years ago . The name ` Pterichthyodes ' refers to the creatures ' odd wing-like appendages - ` pterichthys ' coming from the Ancient Greek for ` wing-fish ' . It is believed that the ` wings ' led to the pectoral fins seen in modern fish . Cait McCullagh , curator at the museum said : ` If you think of the picture that most people have in their heads of the Loch Ness Monster , our fossils pretty much meet what they would expect . ` Pterichthyoides milleri lived at the bottom of freshwater lochs and had flippers to help it move around . ` Its head and back were covered in an armoured shell , showing that it was well-protected from predator attacks ; ready for anything . ' In 2013 , this shadowy form measuring around 100ft long and seemingly having two giant flippers powering it through the waters of Loch Ness was photographed by Apple 's satellite map app . The image was studied by experts at the Official Loch Ness Monster Fan Club , who concluded it is ` likely ' to be the elusive beast . Elusive : A satellite high in the atmosphere , accessed using Apple 's satellite map app , took this amazing image of a creature swimming below the surface of the world famous loch . During preparation work for the Festival , Dr Evelyn Gray , an orthopaedic researcher and imaging specialist who is part of the Science Festival team worked with Cait on the history of ` Pessie ' . The investigations were undertaken as part of research into possible scientific explanations for the origins of the Loch Ness Monster . ` It became clear that what we have here could be Nessie 's great granny , ' explained Dr Gray . ` It fits all the criteria that people around the world associate with lake monsters , albeit a little smaller than popular images would suggest . ` However , if we assume that this form of Nessie would evolve in a normal fashion , then we can project how biological changes over the millennia might make it similar to the larger Nessie we think of today ' . Tantalising : Many hunters have claimed to have spotted the elusive Loch ness beast - such this photo of its ` head taken in November 2014 - but concrete evidence has been lacking until now . Gary Campbell , President of the Official Loch Ness Monster Fan Club said : ` This is fantastic news for all Nessie fans . ` We always said that the first sighting of the monster was by St Columba 1450 years ago - now we can say her family has been living in the area for 360 million years . ' ` For the first time , visitors to Loch Ness can be guaranteed to see a real Nessie , notwithstanding that it 's one that 's a few years older than her relative that lives in the loch today . ` No one is sure of what Nessie actually is and the popular view is that she 's some sort of dinosaur - maybe she 's actually Pessie after all ' ` Pessie ' is available to view in the museum in Inverness but visitors will have the chance to actually hold her during a lecture on the origins of the Loch Ness Monster on 7th May 2015 . An online register lists 1067 total Nessie sightings . The list was created by Gary Campbell , the man behind the Official Loch Ness Monster Fan Club and is available at www.lochnesssightings.com . Mr Campbell said : ` Jonathan 's photo bears an incredible similarity to Bob Rines series of pictures and will certainly further stimulate discussion about this enduring legend . ' Among the most famous claimed sightings is a photograph taken in 1934 by Colonel Robert Kenneth Wilson -LRB- below -RRB- . It was later exposed as a hoax by one of the participants , Chris Spurling , who , on his deathbed , revealed that the pictures were staged . This famous photograph , produced in 1934 , was exposed as a hoax by one of the participants , Chris Spurling , on his deathbed . A close-up of what could be the Loch Ness Monster . The photo was taken by William Jobes in 2011 . Another renowned sighting was made in 2001 by semi-retired photographer James Gray and his friend Peter Levings when they were out fishing on the Loch . This blurred picture , said to show the Loch Ness Monster , was taken by Hugh Gray in 1933 and published in the Daily Express .