Human remains have been found in the search for a missing college freshman who vanished while home for spring break last month . Anjelica ` AJ ' Hadsell , 18 , has been missing since March 2 , when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia and home in Norfolk . The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning , police said . Franklin is around 40 miles from Norfolk . The body has been sent to the Chief Medical Examiner 's Office to be identified and to determine the cause of death . The FBI is now involved in the investigation , police said . Missing : AJ Hadsell has been missing since March 2 and on Thursday , police announced they had found remains 40 miles from her home . They have been sent to the medical examiner 's office for identification . It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface . Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home ; he says he was looking for AJ . Two days after the Hadsell vanished , police received a tip that she had been seen on the Virginia Commonwealth University campus , two hours away from where she was last seen by her family . Investigators have previously said there is no evidence of foul play , but her family and friends have said she would n't disappear on purpose . Earlier this week , her grandmother , Katherine Hadsell , blasted authorities for seemingly ` doing nothing ' to bring the teenager home . And in a twist , Hadsell 's stepfather was caught allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after Anjelica 's disappearance , an act his mother Katherine says was out of fatherly concern . She told ABC News her son Wesley had heard his stepdaughter could be inside the home . ` As any father would , if you hear that your daughter may or may not be in a house or being held or some of her belongings or at a location , any father is going to try and find out , ' she said . He was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . Hadsell , 36 , had not been named a suspect and has insisted he does not know where AJ is . He faces charges of obstructing justice , possessing ammunition and breaking and entering . Search : Last week , authorities searched a nearby pond near Carrsville -LRB- pictured -RRB- after receiving a tip that her cellphone might be below the surface . Carrseville is just six miles from where the remains were found . Fears : The 18-year-old freshman vanished while home on spring break from Longwood University . But Hadsell , who had been working in nearby Franklin , around the time of the disappearance , said he was only thinking about his daughter . ` I could n't sit a minute away from where my daughter may have been , ' he told wavy.com . While searching the property for around 15 minutes , he claims that he discovered her jacket . ` I was just trying to make the evidence come to light , ' he said . ` It 's not like I had the jacket , I did n't plant the jacket , I did n't know anything about that . It was the fact of the overwhelming information that led me there . ' The stepfather has aroused local suspicions because he has a lengthy felony criminal record . In 2005 , his ex-wife went missing for several days and he was reportedly arrested after allegedly kidnapping her and driving her across multiple states . Concern : Her grandmother Katherine Hadsell said earlier this week that she did not think police were doing enough to find the teenager . She argued that her son , Wesley Hadsell , had been arrested unfairly . Charges of rape , kidnapping , assault and domestic violence were later dropped . He also served 54 months in prison for a bank robbery in Fredericksburg , Virginia , according to WTKR - but he insists that he is now a changed man . And in another twist , Jennifer Busby , AJ 's mother , said she received texts from her daughter 's phone shortly after he disappearance but was not convinced she was actually messaging the girl . AJ is described as standing at 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds .