Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews surfaced for the first time after her NHL star boyfriend Jarret Stoll was busted at a pool party at the MGM Grand Hotel , allegedly with cocaine and Molly tucked into his swim trunks . Stoll , 32 , who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond Friday . TMZ reports the NHL player passed through security on his way to the Wet Republic pool at the Las Vegas hotel when a security guard found a ` pink baggie ' filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and ` gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of Molly . Scroll down for video . Spotted : Andrews , who co-hosts Dancing With The Stars and works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports , was seen being visited by a friend at the home she reportedly shares with Stoll the day after he was arrested . ` Molly ' is the name given to the powder or crystallized form of MDMA , the drug compound also found in ecstasy . After being patted down , Stoll was asked whether the powder in the pink baggie was cocaine and answered yes , according to the police report . Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach , California during the offseason , with the Kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident . Jarret Stoll , 32 -LRB- left -RRB- , is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews , 36 -LRB- right -RRB- . Busted : Erin Andrews 's beau Jarret Stoll , 32 , was booked into jail in Las Vegas on possession charges after reportedly being found with cocaine and Molly in his swim trunks at a popular hotel . He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand -LRB- above -RRB- . Stoll -LRB- seen partying at the MGM Grand in 2014 after the Kings Stanley Cup win -RRB- was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas , Nevada , on drug possession charges , according to many reports . Stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular HBO show Entourage , was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday . The charges include possession of Class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . Friday was the two-year anniversary of MGM Grand 's popular club Hakkasan , an event featuring Tiesto that brought out names like Christina Aguilera . In both 2012 and 2014 Stoll headed to the MGM Grand to celebrate at the end of the hockey season . It seems that Stoll went on a date with Andrews on Thursday night , as she posted a photo of a romantic-looking candle that was seemingly taken at Italian restaurant La Sosta Enoteca in Manhattan Beach , California , on her Instagram page , and a fan snapped a photo with Stoll earlier in the day . The caption , which did not mention Stoll by name , read : ` Always a great date night . ' The popular television personality recently spoke about her boyfriend while participating in the Grub Street Diet , a weekly feature in which celebrities keep a diary of what they eat for the week . Andrews posted a photo of a candle that was seemingly taken at Italian restaurant La Sosta Enoteca in Manhattan Beach , California , on her Instagram page on Thursday . That location is four hours from Vegas . A fan snapped this photo with Stoll on Thursday in California . Stoll had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the Kings ' Stanley Cup championship teams in 2012 and 2014 . He will become an unrestricted free agent on July 1 . The Kings failed to qualify for postseason play after winning the Stanley Cup last year and in 2012 . The team said : ` We are aware of police reports out of Clark County , Nevada regarding Jarret Stoll . ` Our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation . ` While we continue to actively gather facts , we are withholding further comment at this time . ' Veteran had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the Kings ' recent Stanley Cup teams . Andrews , 36 , sparked engagement rumors after she posted an Instagram of her wearing a very large , square-cut diamond ring last month . Fans thought the picture meant Stoll had proposed , but Andrews said the ring was on loan . ` I 've definitely dropped hints here and there , ' the Fox broadcaster shared with ABC News in July . ` But we have n't looked at rings ... Nothing there yet , the ball 's in his court . ' She added : ` But no we are fine ! We 've had enough on our plate for the last two years of dating and have n't really gone there yet . ' He was previously engaged to actress and model Rachel Hunter , the former wife of singer Rod Stewart . Stoll broke off their engagement just seven weeks before they were supposed to be married .