It is a cold , spring night in the heart of Liverpool at a football ground bordering Huyton , where Steven Gerrard grew up , so Paul Scholes is in unfamiliar territory . But he is reluctant to leave . Most of the rest of his party have gone but he lingers as the final minutes are played out , with the score 0-0 . It has been a frustrating night for Salford City , the club Scholes co-owns with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs , Gary Neville , Phil Neville and Nicky Butt . A draw here at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility . Gary Neville and Paul Scholes attending the Salford City game at home to Clitheroe Town on Saturday . -LRB- Left to right -RRB- Scholes , Phil Neville , Nicky Butt and Ryan Giggs co-own the club with Gary Neville -LRB- not pictured -RRB- . Salford are attacking the far end of the ground and the view is obscured but , with 90 seconds remaining , the ball breaks for substitute Gareth Seddon about 10 yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat . And even from Scholes 's long-distance view the ripple of net is immediately visible as the ball beats the keeper and Seddon turns away to celebrate . Scholes , too , punches the air , his face beaming as it once did when he scored a last-minute goal against Manchester City in April 2010 . ` We had to win , ' he says , a look of real relief in his eyes . This must compare to watching United in a title run-in . ` It 's the same , ' he replies nonplussed , before reconsidering . ` Tonight it has been worse . ' Seddon 's late goal set the wheels in motion for a fantastic run that has seen Salford win six on the bounce , their latest victory away at Burscough on Saturday . It takes them five points clear of Darlington , who have a game in hand , at the top of the Evo-Stik League First Division North -LRB- four tiers below the Football League -RRB- . With one week to go promotion is well and truly in their hands . Win at home to Ossett Town on Saturday and they are up . Remarkably , Salford City are the team who have happened upon five of the biggest names in English football as owners . The former United players , otherwise known as the Class of ' 92 , are products of the Premier League era which has propelled the game into a celebrity culture . Here , though , they seem in their element and none more so than Scholes . Earlier Phil Neville was with him . ` This is going to ruin my week , this is , ' he mutters as another chance is wasted . This is near the base of the football pyramid : clearly the players are a lot better than Sunday League footballers but the culture is closer to Hackney Marshes than Old Trafford . Scholes sits in one corner with a friend , while Phil Neville , across the table with his father , Neville , informs him that they will be pairing up with One Direction at a forthcoming Pro-Am Golf Day so Scholes might need a stylist to keep up appearances . Scholes pulls a face while the rest of the group laughs at his expense . Meanwhile , the Prescot committee members quietly discuss a promising first half . The Salford owners are scarcely given a second glance , though there is the occasional photo to pose for . A queue of fans wait for food duing the Evo-Stick League Northern Premier match . Jimmy Birtwhistle , pictured with his grandsons , is a committee member and has looked after the turnstile for the past six years . Although yesterday 's 2-1 win at Burscough extended Salford 's lead at the top , the season has been anything but a smooth ride . The original manager Phil Power was sacked in January and left complaining that the decision was delivered by chairman Karen Baird , with the owners failing to contact him . Both Gary and Phil Neville say they did contact him to talk through their reasons but the offer was refused . ` That was a low moment and not something we want to do often because there are good people at this level and you do n't want them to lose their job , ' said Phil Neville . ` This season has been a massive learning curve . The biggest lesson we have learnt is we have to take a step away from the playing and coaching side . Let the managers manage and players play . At this level , they are the experts , not us . ' The club are now managed by the duo of Anthony Johnson and Bernard Morley , who won promotion from this league last season with Ramsbottom United . When Power was in charge , Scholes and Phil Neville attended training and helped out with sessions but , under the new managers , that has come to an end . ` We had become the meddling owners , everything we did n't want to be , ' said Phil Neville . Gary Neville takes up the story . ` Phil and Paul became quite involved in the first three or four months and we found that what might have been seen as a positive did n't work out that way , ' he said . ` The players would hear different voices -- one week they would be there , the next they 're not there . With coaching , it 's about consistency and repetition . What was seen as being assistance for the previous manager and creating a buzz just did n't work . ` The sadness of it all is that we did lose a manager and it was not something we wanted to do . It was not something that we felt good about . ' There have been other adjustments to the non-League level . ` You never win away games at night in midweek , ' said Phil Neville . ` Players are tired after a day 's work ; often they 've rushed to the ground sometimes without eating properly ; naturally they fade late on . ' Former Manchester United striker Danny Webber now plays for Salford City . Salford City 's game against Clitheroe Town on Saturday was free admission for fans . Captain Christopher Lynch works a night shift loading gas bottles , physically demanding work , and usually has to come off after 70 minutes in evening games to go to work . The owners have tried to address the fatigue problem , with the team meeting in a hotel for salad , pasta , chicken and salmon a few hours before their matches . ` At the start of the season we had a perfect vision that we 'll have the manager now for the next 20 years and we 'll have a set of young players and they 'll see us all the way to the Football League , ' said Phil Neville . ` But as time has gone on , we 've learnt from speaking to teams that have come through the divisions , like Fleetwood , Fylde and AFC Wimbledon , that you have to be ruthless . ' If there has been a loss of innocence , there is at least a better understanding of an owner 's lot . ` You can understand how , when emotions are running high , owners can make bad emotional decisions like bringing players in on big money and putting yourself under financial pressure , ' said Phil Neville . ` I can see how it runs away with you . When you lose a couple of games you think : `` Oh , we need a new player . Let 's just push the budget out a little bit and we 'll make it back here . '' But you never make it back . ' LEFT TO RIGHT TOP ROW - Phil Neville , Robbie , Savage , Raimond Van Der Gouw , John O'Kane , Mikael Silvestre , Quinton Fortune LEFT TO RIGHT BOTTOM ROW - Nicky Butt , Gary Neville , Raphael Burke , Ryan Giggs Paul Scholes line up for a Class of '92 v Salford City match last August . Gary Neville added : ` When we jumped into this we thought this is going to be a big challenge and a lot of people are going to be looking at how this goes . But actually , no matter what happens , if we 're still watching this level of football in five years ' time , we 'll be disappointed because we wo n't have progressed , but we 'll still be happy every week . ` It brings us back down to earth.We might be coaching with England or United or doing a Premier League game or Champions League game in Barcelona . Then three days later you 're at Brighouse away or Ossett Town and there 's a tea lady at half-time saying : `` Do you want a cup of tea , love ? '' It 's just real . People at this level do it for the passion of their clubs and their communities . And though Giggs and Butt have n't been able to attend as much , because of their coaching duties at Manchester United , Scholes and Phil Neviile clearly feel the same . ` At the start we asked ourselves why we were doing it , ' said Phil Neville . ` But when you come down to training , go to matches and mix with the supporters , it just feels real . ` There 's a simplicity at this level . It 's exciting to watch . I know we want the game to be played in a beautiful way but there is also something beautiful about the style at this level . The roots of English football are actually in the Evo-Stik League . '