The family of a Massachusetts woman who died from melanoma likely caused by her love of tanning are campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds . Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005 . Three years later , at just 26 years old , Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle . Now , her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young . Sad : Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005 . Started in high school : Glenna was an avid tanner starting in high school and would sit in the sun some 40 hours per week every summer while working as a life guard in Cape Cod . In college , she tanned frequently in sun beds . Glenna was diagnosed with stage III melanoma after she found a golf ball sized lump in her groin just before graduating from college in 2005 . ` No one in our family knew what melanoma was , ' Glenna 's mother , Colleen Kohl , recalled to Cosmopolitan -LRB- via ELLE -RRB- ` We did a lot of crying . ' The dreaded diagnosis came after Glenna , at just 22 , discovered a golf ball-sized lump in her groin while working out at the gym one day . She would eventually see a doctor and get a biopsy . Physicians would trace the cancer back to a mole Glenna had removed years earlier , but which doctors had failed to identify as melanoma . By then , she already had stage III melanoma . But Glenna was prepared to fight . ` Whatever I have to do to fight cancer , I 'll do , ' her father Bob recalls his daughter saying . Because the cancer had spread to her lymphatic system , doctors removed 13 lymph nodes from her groin . Less than a year later , Glenna found a small lump in her abdomen and was told her cancer had progress to stage IV . Glenna was given more powerful drugs , but the cancer continued to spread . She tried experimental treatments with terrible side effects , but they were no use . Glenna died in November 2008 , three years after her diagnosis -- and her final tanning session . ` As health-conscious as Glenna was , she did n't connect tanning with skin cancer , ' said Glenna 's mother , who 's now working to make sure others will make that connection before it 's too late . ` Glenna 's not here to inform people of the dangers , ' Colleen told Cosmo . ` so we 're going to continue her work for her . ' Since their daughter 's death , Colleen and Bob have launched the Glenna Kohl Fund for Hope in order to ` increase awareness of the Cape Cod community to the importance of early detection and prevention of melanoma and to support those fighting this deadly disease . ' h/t YouTube/Maryellen Maguire-Eisen . Because the cancer had spread to her lymphatic system , doctors removed 13 lymph nodes from her groin . Less than a year later , Glenna found a small lump in her abdomen and was told her cancer had progress to stage IV . Glenna died in November 2008 , three years after her diagnosis -- and her final tanning session . Thanks in part to the group 's efforts , the state of Massachusetts in 2014 passed a bill banning indoor tanning for those under 16 and requiring express consent from parents for those aged 16 or 17 . Melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer with 9,000 people dying each year from the mostly preventable disease . The Melanoma Research Foundation says exposure to tanning beds before age 30 increases a person 's risk of developing melanoma by 75 percent . Doctors recommend doing regular skin checks for new moles and seeing a doctor if any change in size , shape or color . Doctors also recommend applying at least 1 ounce of sunscreen with an SPF of 30 or more to exposed skin and reapplying every two hours , more if swimming or sweating . Children in particular should be protected because bad sunburns in childhood are thought to greatly increase risk later in life . ` Glenna 's not here to inform people of the dangers ' : Since their daughter 's death , Colleen and Bob have launched the Glenna Kohl Fund for Hope in order to ` increase awareness of the Cape Cod community to the importance of early detection and prevention of melanoma and to support those fighting this deadly disease . ' Thanks in part to the group 's efforts , the state of Massachusetts in 2014 passed a bill banning indoor tanning for those under 16 and requiring express consent from parents for those aged 16 or 17 .