Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen . Giudice , who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud , lost his driver 's license and was fined the maximum of $ 10,000 . He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation . His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence . Scroll down for more . Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen . That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes . His wife , Teresa , is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges . He will begin his sentence when hers is over . Superior Court Judge Adam Jacobs said Joe Giudice has a ` general disrespect for the law , ' citing dozens of previous driving infractions and suspensions . He said he came close to rejecting the plea deal with prosecutors but wanted to follow a federal judge 's intention to allow Giudice to remain free while Teresa is in jail so he can care for their four daughters . The judge permitted Giudice to drive home from court but said he would be sent to jail immediately if he drove again after that . Jacobs said : ` If you so much as back down your driveway ... that will constitute a violation of the conditions of your release , of your bail , and it will result in you being remanded immediately to Passaic County Jail , ' Joe 's lawyer tried to argue that he is ` destitute ' and unable to pay the hefty fine . Giudice 's lawyer tried to argue that his client is ` destitute ' and unable to pay the hefty $ 10,000 fine , but after the reality star recently got paid $ 75,000 for prison photos alongside his wife Teresa , the judge refused . Tough times : The 42-year-old will serve 18-months in prison which will run concurrently to the 41-months he was sentenced to last year on separate charges for bankruptcy fraud . He is pictured with Teresa and their four daughters on January 4 before she started her 15-month sentence . But after his less than transparent financial history and recently getting paid $ 75,000 for prison photos alongside his wife Teresa and a tell-all interview , the judge refused to lower the fine . Prosecutors in Passaic County said Giudice used his brother 's identity to obtain a driver 's license while his own was suspended for driving while intoxicated in 2010 . The Giudices pleaded guilty in the federal case in March 2014 , admitting they hid assets from bankruptcy creditors and submitted phony loan applications to get some $ 5 million in mortgages and construction loans . Joe Giudice also pleaded guilty to failing to pay taxes totaling more than $ 200,000 . The couple also was ordered to pay restitution of more than $ 400,000 . Joe Giudice is an Italian citizen by birth who never became a U.S. citizen . He is expected to be deported once his prison term ends .