Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis was forced to wear an autographed shirt in last week 's Championship match with Reading because the club had no spares , midfielder Andrea Orlandi has revealed . The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool , who have no kitman , had no others to give the 27-year-old . The club 's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham 's 1-0 win over Brighton , and this is just another embarrassing moment in a season to forget for the Tangerines . Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week 's Championship match with Reading . Lewis had to wear the signed shirt because the club had no spares , midfielder Andrea Orlandi has revealed . Click here to read the sorry story of an Oyston-made mess at Blackpool FC . Writing in his weekly column for Spanish website am14 , Orlandi admitted : ` Before starting the game I noticed Joe Lewis 's shirt . It was signed and I thought he was going to do a raffle after the game -LRB- something quite common in England -RRB- . ` It turns out that no , he had not even noticed or knew anything about it and when he tried to get another one he was told there were none left . ` It was funny because he tried to put a plaster over the writing to cover it and it looked even more funny . Things like that however , details without apparent importance , make a difference in a club . ` There are details that should be improved as a club . A small thing ? Probably , but still not a normal thing for a Championship club . ' Blackpool supporters gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family before kick-off . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . Blackpool 's support are sick of a lack of investment in their club and held a protest amid the Reading match . The Blackpool Gazette were scathing in their assessment of the club 's relegation to the third tier . A fan walks out of a Fish and Chips shop , next to a store selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . Supporters threw missiles during the 1-1 draw with Reading at the directors ' box , having already pelted the reception area to Bloomfield Road with eggs before kick-off in protest against their chairman Karl Oyston . Blackpool have sat bottom of the Championship since October , and the club that were in the Barclays Premier League just four years ago will compete in the third tier of football next year . The club found an unsigned shirt for Lewis but only at half-time against Reading . It comes after Blackpool 's kitman Steve Wales quit in March , forcing club secretary Chris Hough to take up the role . Sportsmail have contacted Blackpool for comment . Blackpool midfielder Orlandi pictured scoring against Ipswich after four minutes , though they lost 3-2 . Orlandi helped Blackpool score twice - a rare occurrence this season - but they could not steal a point .