Robbie Fowler is already among the names of the best Premier League strikers of all time , with only five players scoring more than his 162 goals . The former Liverpool , Leeds and Manchester City hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at Anfield in 1993 and would go on to win 26 caps with England . But Fowler could n't resist naming an ultimate starting XI from players who featured during his era -LRB- with one particular Dutch striker treading a grey area ! -RRB- as he names his all-star team . GOALKEEPER . Peter Schmeichel . It may be a shock for Fowler to name a Manchester United legend in his team , but the striker featured alongside the great Dane during a brief spell together at Manchester City . Peter Schmeichel celebrates a Manchester United goal in a 1999 Champions League semi-final vs Juventus . CENTRE-BACKS . Paolo Maldini . There is little surprise to see Paolo Maldini in anyone 's dream team with the former AC Milan and Italy star widely regarded as one of the greatest defenders of all time . Fernando Hierro . Fowler seemed to snub Premier League players when picking his centre-backs and although Hierro had a spell at Bolton in his twilight years , it was at Real Madrid where the former Spain record goal scorer made his mark . Fabio Cannavaro . Italy 's World Cup winning captain also gains a place in Fowler 's incredibly strong back three , thanks to a glittering career playing at a host of big clubs including Real Madrid , Juventus , Inter Milan Parma and Napoli . Real Madrid 's Fernando Hierro looks for options in a 2002 Champions League match against AEK Athens . Fabio Cannavaro gives a thumbs up sign at the Bernabeu after signing for Real Madrid in 2006 . Paolo Maldini celebrates scoring against Messina for AC Milan in a November 2006 at the San Siro . WING-BACKS . Roberto Carlos . During the late 1990s , Carlos set the bar for full-backs with his dynamic pace and incredible free-kick technique making him a stand out star for Real Madrid and Brazil . Frank de Boer . ` I 'll be honest I was going to pick Gary Neville , ' Fowler said . ` But I 'm going to go with Frank de Boer . Sadly , Gary you ca n't play in my team . ' Roberto Carlos spent 11 years at Madrid and gestures during a Champions League match vs Bayern Munich . Barcelona 's Frank de Boer -LRB- left -RRB- beats Liverpool 's Emile Hesky to the ball in a Champions League match . MIDFIELDERS . Lothar Matthaus . ` I do n't really need to say too much about him , everyone knows him . He was about for years and years and won everything in the game . ' Patrick Vieira . ` Arsenal and Manchester City have seen him and he was an absolute tremendous player - he loved to tackle . ' Luis Figo . ` Now I 've played in charity matches with Luis and he is a tremendous player - even still . ' Lothar Matthaus celebrates scoring a Bayern Munich equaliser with two minutes to play in a German league match against Arminia Bielefeld in April 1998 . Patrick Vieira takes charge of the ball for Arsenal during the 2005 FA Cup final against Manchester United . Luis Figo wheels away to celebrate after netting for Inter Milan against Parma in a 2005 Serie A clash . STRIKERS . Robbie Fowler . ` I have to pick myself . Being a bit of a player-manager I want to be in this team because there are excellent stars in it . ' Marco van Basten . ` He 's got everything a player needs as a forward . Van Basten is the man , I have a bit of a man-crush on him . ' Liverpool and FIFA 15 Ultimate Team Legend Robbie Fowler has picked his Legends squad . To celebrate his 40th birthday EA SPORTS are challenging FIFA 15 Ultimate Team players to take on his Legends XI to win in-game prizes , available from April 9th . Find out more at http://www.easports.com/uk/fifa/ultimate-team #FowlerFUTLegends . Robbie Fowler celebrates scoring for Liverpool against West Ham in a 2001 Premier League match at Anfield . Marco van Basten salutes as his AC Milan side took on Marseille in the 1993 Champions League final . Robbie Fowler 's team is based on a 3-5-2 formation with three central defenders and wing backs .