Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider , it was reported today . The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox . Bloomberg , followed by the New York Times , reported Thursday afternoon that Comcast is planning to ` walk away ' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government . An announcement from the telecoms giant , already the biggest cable company in the country , could come as early as tomorrow . Comcast and Time Warner Cable declined to comment on Thursday . Scroll down for video . Ding-dong : Experts , including Columbia University professor Tim Wu , declared the Comcast-Time Warner Cable murder dead after the FCC expressed skepticism . Mega-merger : The $ 45.2 billion deal would have merged Comcast 's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable 's 11million . The new company would have spun off or sold 3.9 million customers . The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation . On Wednesday night , the Wall Street Journal revealed that Federal Communications Commission regulators questioned whether the creation of mega-size TV and internet provider was in the public interest . Staffers reportedly planned to recommend that an administrative law judge review the deal - a regulatory obstacle that is likely to cost both companies several months of hearings and many millions of dollars . The hearings were likely to draw the companies past the merger deadline , at the very least . Columbia University professor and net neutrality activist Tim Wu tweeted : ` Comcast merger is dead . ' CNN 's Brian Stelter reports that some inside the companies were talking about the deal in the past tense almost immediately after the FCC decision . Combining the No. 1 and No. 2 U.S. cable companies would put nearly 30 percent of TV and about 55 percent of broadband subscribers under one roof . That would give the resulting behemoth unprecedented power over what Americans watch and download . That has had competitors , consumer groups , and Senators lining up to oppose the deal . Time Warner Cable 's shares dipped slightly in trading on Thursday - though Comcast stocks were actually up after the news . ` This is one of those deals where the opponents of the merger have been one of the most vocal I can remember , ' said s & p Capital IQ Tuna Amobi . One concern , for example , is that the company could undermine the streaming video industry by requiring onerous payments from new online-only video providers for connecting to its network . Dish , the satellite TV company behind the new Web video service Sling TV , and Netflix are opposed to the deal . Another charge is that Comcast has n't stuck to conditions imposed on it when it bought NBCUniversal . The company says it has , except for one circumstance when the FCC found it was n't promoting a stand-alone Internet service . Comcast says it fixed that . Pushback against the merger has picked up in the last couple weeks . Al Franken , d-minn . , along with five other Democratic senators and Bernie Sanders , I-Vermont , this week urged the Federal Communications Commission and the Department of Justice to block the merger , saying it would lead to higher prices and fewer choices . Recent media reports suggested that regulators are n't going to approve it . On Friday , Bloomberg , citing unidentified people , said Department of Justice staff attorneys were leaning against the deal . The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday said , also citing unidentified people , said that FCC staff recommended that the merger review go to a hearing under an administrative law judge , although no final decision had been made . The FCC would send the deal to a judge if it did n't believe it serves the public interest . The company has the right to present its case to the judge . But a trial could take months and even then a decision could be appealed to the FCC . ` It 's a dead end for Comcast , ' said Rob McDowell , a former FCC commissioner . The Justice Department declined to comment . The FCC declined to comment and spokesman Neil Grace said the review is ongoing . Comcast spokeswoman Sena Fitzmaurice confirmed that company executives met Wednesday with Justice Department and FCC officials . But she would not comment on what occurred during the meetings or what other conversations the company is having with regulators . If the Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal falls through , a transaction with Charter Communications Inc. aimed to smoothing the way for regulatory approval also falls apart . Charter 's bid for Bright House Networks , which it announced in March , could also be killed . Many analysts expect that Charter , which lost out on its bid for Time Warner Cable to Comcast , to resurrect its effort if Comcast is rebuffed . ` Other cable deals that do n't involve Comcast might be allowed to go through , ' McDowell said . There ` seems to be an antipathy towards Comcast at the FCC ' because the agency thinks Comcast did n't stick to the conditions of the NBCUniversal merger , he said . A combined Charter and Time Warner Cable would have 15 million video customers and 16.5 million Internet customers . That 's still smaller than Comcast alone , which has 22.4 million video subscribers and 22 million Internet customers . Comcast wanted Time Warner Cable to bulk up on subscribers as it deals with old rivals Dish , DirecTV and Verizon 's FiOS , as well as newer , cheaper online competitors like Netflix . The company had also said the deal would help it cut costs , including for programming -- the shows and movies it pipes to subscribers . But Comcast may have to look overseas for future acquisitions . ` Washington 's concern here is excessive control of broadband in the hands of a single company , ' wrote analyst Craig Moffett in a client email . ` For all intents and purposes , their m & a ambitions would be on ice in the U.S. ' Read more : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3052969/Reports-say-Comcast-plans-drop-45B-Time-Warner-Cable-bid.html#ixzz3YAkxSfYl Follow us : @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook .