Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names by the UN 's World Meteorological Organization , a WMO spokeswoman announced on Friday . The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group . As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt , Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . Isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the UN 's World Meteorological Organization . As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt , Isis had been on the WMO list of names for 2016 . The Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico 's request to retire the name Odile because of the storm -LRB- above -RRB- . ISIS is also used to describe the Islamic State militant group , whose forces have captured large swathes of Iraq and Syria . The group stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by UN war crimes investigators . Spokeswoman Clare Nullis said from Geneva : ` The Hurricane Committee removed the name Isis from the rotating list and agreed to replace it with Ivette . ' ` Names are knocked off the list , which rotates every six years , if they are considered inappropriate if they caused too much damage and too much death . ' She added that this was not the case with Isis . The WMO has rotating lists of storm names for various regions that run from A to Z alternating between male and female . The proposal by the WMO regional center was endorsed by the committee . The group , which is composed of experts from 27 member states and territories , was meeting in Costa Rica this week . ISIS stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by UN war crimes investigators . The Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico 's request to retire the name Odile and decided on Odalys as its replacement to be used for the 2020 season . Odile hit the popular beach resorts of Baja California last September , stranding thousands of tourists , knocking out power and causing heavy flooding . ` Tropical cyclone activity during the 2014 eastern North Pacific hurricane season was well above normal , ' according to the WMO . ` Most of the tropical cyclones formed from tropical waves which moved from the Caribbean Sea to the eastern North Pacific . ` Of the 20 tropical storms that formed , 14 became hurricanes , and eight reached major hurricane strength . ` The hurricane total is the second highest on record for the basin and the number of major hurricanes ties the record for the most . ` By comparison , the 1981-2010 averages are 15 tropical storms , eight hurricanes and four major hurricanes . '