Eden Hazard is seemingly days away from securing a Barclays Premier League and PFA Player of the Year double with Chelsea , and the Belgian star showed off exactly why with a series of tricks at their Cobham training base . Hazard , being filmed as part of a feature for Queens Park Rangers defender Rio Ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine , left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control . Giving a full sample from his box of tricks , Hazard fools his marker with step-overs , a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession . Eden Hazard left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control . Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs , a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg . The Belgian star celebrates with the Chelsea supporters after scoring the winner against Manchester United . It was n't all good for Hazard , who strives for perfection , though . After his fourth successful take-on he smashes the ball over the bar with an open goal gaping . The 24-year-old will be a key man for Jose Mourinho 's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title . And hours later he will be at London 's Grosvenor House hotel , hoping to beat the likes of Harry Kane and David de Gea to the PFA Players ' Player of the Year crown . Hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for Queens Park Rangers defender Rio Ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine . Once again , Chelsea 's tricky winger gets past the marker and finds his way towards the goal at Cobham . Chelsea star Hazard tucks the ball behind his standing leg in the latest attempt to fool a defender ... ... and it 's successful , as he breezes past his man who ends up running completely the wrong way . Chelsea 's star man has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season and will be confident of reaching the 20-goal mark at the Emirates after notching in the 1-0 win over Manchester United on Saturday . Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane commented on his admiration for Hazard on Wednesday , although the Belgian star is not expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer . Chelsea 's star man has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season and could add to that at the Emirates . Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane -LRB- right -RRB- commented on his admiration for Hazard on Wednesday . ` I enjoy everything he does on the pitch , ' former France international Zidane said . ` There are players I keep an eye on and who I like a lot , like Messi and Ronaldo . They 're fantastic players , but I like Hazard a lot too . ` I like the way he carries himself . That decisive streak in him and the fact that he 's improving every year . He can still get better too , and I think he 's a big reason why Chelsea are top of the table . '