Head coach Tony Pulis insists West Brom will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run-in . The Baggies host Liverpool on Saturday eight points above the Barclays Premier League relegation zone . They also face Manchester United , Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games , along with a trip to Newcastle . West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams . West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 last Saturday to move them eight points clear of the relegation zone . But Pulis will embrace their challenge against the big hitters as the Baggies try to reach his 40 points survival target . ` We ca n't be below 100 per cent , not just physically but mentally , ' he said , with Albion on 36 points . ` Every game that we play in now we will be the underdog and I 've always enjoyed that . ` As for the three points last weekend , I was most concerned about -LRB- restoring -RRB- the confidence in the players . ' Liverpool come to The Hawthorns after their disappointing display in the 2-1 FA Cup semi final defeat to Aston Villa on Sunday . And Pulis insisted they must still be respected despite their slip . ` You have to give Villa credit . They were very , very good . They caused them lots of problems , ' he said . Jordan Henderson -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates scoring Liverpool 's winning goal in a 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion at Anfield back in October 's reverse Premier League fixture . April 25 : Liverpool -LRB- home -RRB- . May 2 : Manchester United -LRB- away -RRB- . May 9 : Newcastle United -LRB- away -RRB- . May 18 : Chelsea -LRB- home -RRB- . May 24 : Arsenal -LRB- away -RRB- . ` Brendan Rodgers knows what the Premier League is like . Expectations are going to be different to what they were like at Swansea , . ` They expect you to win trophies at Liverpool . ` It 's ebbs and flows . You have to ride with the waves and make sure you have a clear view of where you want to go . ' -LRB- Raheem -RRB- Sterling , -LRB- Philippe -RRB- Coutinho , -LRB- Daniel -RRB- Sturridge , -LRB- Adam -RRB- Lallana - whoever he plays they have great players . ' Liverpool loanee Andre Wisdom is ineligible to face his parent club while Youssouf Mulumbu is suspended but Craig Dawson has shaken off a dead leg which forced him off in the 2-0 win at Crystal Palace last week .