As the worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW , some savvy social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . From a boat parked between two cars by someone who ` knew what was coming ' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail while he skateboards down the street , Sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm . Snapchat 's Sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs . Scroll down for video . Wild weather : Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures , like this man windsurfing on his skateboard . Boogie boarding : As the beaches were closed this water enthusiast decided to get his kicks in floodwater . During their clash on Monday night the field was drenched in water with players struggling to hold onto the ball let alone stay on their feet . Spectators captured the rain water-falling off the top of the grandstand as fans tried to stay dry under any cover they could find . One man even decided to try his hand a boogie boarding through the floodwaters at what looks to be a local park due to the fact all the beaches were closed . Others took the opportunity to play in the mud , while one Snapchat user sounded a little concerned as he filmed the rough waters from inside the Manly Ferry . Well prepared : One user joked that the owner of this boat ` knew what was coming ' Stuck in the mud : A pair of tradies with a wet work site took the opportunity to get back to their childhood days by splashing in puddles . Waterfall : The rain was heavy at Monday night 's NRL game between Cronulla Sharks and the South Sydney Rabbitohs . Drenched : Cronulla 's home ground Shark Park was flooded with inches of water as players struggled to hold onto the ball . A keen skateboarder decided to make good use of the gusty weather and tried his hand at windsurfing down the street , using his inverted umbrella as a sail . A pair of tradies took advantage of a wet work site to play in the mud , with one mate asking the other : . ` Here we are in sunny Sydney having some fun in the mud , what do you think Troy ? ' while the other jumps boots first into the wet ground . This man , boasting a strong American accent , suggested it seemed like a good day for a surf . Currently there are severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan , Mid North Coast , Hunter and Illawarra . ` Seems like a pretty good day to do some boogie boarding , maybe a little surfing , ' a man with an American accent said in another part of the footage , barely audible above the sound of the wind . Currently there are severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan , Mid North Coast , Hunter and Illawarra . The Bureau of Meteorology has asked people to prepare for for damaging and locally destructive winds , heavy rainfall and damaging surf in these districts .