A Missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born . For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home . When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died . But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family . Scroll down for video . Zella Jackson Price -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died . But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption . Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years . Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents . Price and Gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother 's house in Olivette , Missouri . ` I 'm so elated . I 'm just hugging her and there 's such a big family . She did n't know she had so many people here in St. Louis , ' she said . Price told Daily Mail Online that when she was still in the hospital ward , she was told by doctors her baby , which was prematurely born , had died . The details she was given were very vague , and she said she was told the baby 's twin had died , too , even though she had only had a single-child birth . The hospital had a big maternity ward , she said , adding that she had seen women nursing the wrong babies while she was there . ` There 's a lot of information they should have given me , ' Price said . ` I still have a lot of questions . ' Friends of Gilmore 's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her . Her foster parents have since died , but Price said it was heartwarming to know that she grew up in a good home . ` She ended up in a family of love . They cared for her so much , ' Price said . Gilmore , who lost her hearing when she was three years old after a childhood illness , said meeting her biological mother - her father has passed away - is something she 's wanted for a long time . Price and Gilmore exchanged many hugs and said they loved one another during their first in-person meeting . ` I 'm just so happy ... very excited , ' she told KTVI . Gilmore 's four children knew about their mother 's wish and researched a name that Gilmore was given from her adoptive parents . They eventually came across Zella Price . Price received a text message from one of Gilmore 's four children at 4 am several weeks ago , something she ` will never forget ' . ` She texted me a messaged asking if I was her grandmother . I said , `` Why do you think that '' , and she started asking questions and asked if I had given birth on November 25 - which I had , ' Price said . The mother and daughter eventually video chatted on Oovoo and the pair did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore 's mother . And then they decided to meet in person . On the day she met her mother , Gilmore was also able to meet her biological brother Harvey , who picked her and her own daughter and son up at Lamber-St . Louis International Airport . The family had flown from Oregon . Gilmore also had a chance to meet her biological brother Harvey , who picked Gilmore and her children up from the airport . When the mother and daughter finally came face-to-face , they hugged for several moments and said they loved each other . ` There was a bond that automatically started when we saw each other , ' Price said . She added that she has been hurt by the separation and is relieved to have a new start . ' -LRB- God -RRB- has given me everything the devil has taken from me , ' Price , an accomplished gospel singer , told KTVI . ` I 'm getting it back . I 'm getting my baby back . ' Price said that Gilmore 's kids told her they had n't ever seen her as happy as she was when she arrived in St. Louis to meet her biological mother . ` She 's been dancing and all of her comedy and laughter has come out , ' Price said . ` We 're all so happy . ' The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born . Price has hired an attorney to help with the process . But for now , they celebrate being a family once again . ` There 's nothing greater . There 's nothing greater than this . Nothing , ' Price said . Price -LRB- center -RRB- said that she 's looking forward to having a second chance at forming a relationship with her daughter , who she thought had died nearly 50 years ago .