The morning after the row the night before , Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their Emirates flight to Dubai , en route to the next race in Bahrain . If the two Mercedes drivers are not quite on non-speaking terms , they are communicating only when they have to . While they kept quiet among themselves , both had a further say in public about the dispute that broke out after the Chinese Grand Prix . Hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ` racer ' and Rosberg is not . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- and Nico Rosberg have both had their say on Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix . Winner Hamilton -LRB- centre -RRB- waves to the crowd as Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- and Sebastian Vettel shake hands . Briefly , the bones of the argument are these . Rosberg , who was beaten into second place by Hamilton , said his team-mate had been ` selfish ' by slowing down while leading the race . It caused him -LRB- Rosberg -RRB- to be bunched up closer to the attacking Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel , whom he feared could overhaul him . Vettel did not manage to do so and finished third . The verbal spat played out at the press conference as the two protagonists sat side by side . Rosberg fumed . Hamilton smiled , seemingly happy to have riled his title rival . But it can now be revealed what happened after they finished their subsequent round of interviews in the Shanghai paddock on Sunday night . Both went through their usual engineering debriefs before being brought in one by one to meet senior Mercedes management including Toto Wolff and Paddy Lowe , team principal and technical director respectively . Hamilton went in first and was in conversation with his bosses for half an hour . Rosberg for 20 minutes , now in a room illuminated by lights as darkness crept in outside . Then , more than two hours after the race had finished , Wolff was happy the team had got their story straight enough to speak to journalists . It was now 90 minutes after his scheduled press conference . Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- was clearly angry with Hamilton in Sunday 's press conference and hit out at his team-mate . The British driver -LRB- right -RRB- denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg 's accusations . Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate 's race . He declared the talks ` positive ' and cleared both his drivers of wrongdoing . Hamilton then spoke to the press under an embargo that mean his words have not appeared until now . ` Nico did n't try , ' he said with passion , often repeating his words for emphasis . ` Nico did n't try . ` They said maybe he was just comfortable in second place and I said , `` Well that 's the difference between us . I want to win always . '' ` And I would have done everything to get past today . Or at least pushed for three laps . He was n't quick enough . ` This is motor racing , man . Racing . Do n't take away the fun of the racing . It 's racing . I would n't have sat back two seconds to make it to the end of the stint . ` I do n't even know what Nico 's point is . Where we are is that I just won the race today . I did the best job I could possibly have done and the team got a one-two . ' Hamilton 's explanation for slowing down is that he was running his own race and conserving his tyres as best suited him . No neutral I have spoken to within Formula One disputes the world champion 's rationale . Hamilton -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates his win with the Mercedes team , but Rosberg -LRB- right -RRB- appears less pleased . Hamilton crosses the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in China . ` Ultimately this is Formula One , ' added Hamilton . ` I want the guy to be up my a *** if he 's got the pace to be up my a *** , and putting pressure on me . And if I ca n't defend it , I lose , like in Bahrain last year . I was n't quick enough and I did everything I could to stay ahead . And that was the greatest race ever . ' The greatest race of this young century , certainly . Both drivers are now spending a few days in Dubai before travelling to Bahrain for this year 's race on Sunday . Before leaving , and without knowing what Hamilton had said , Rosberg offered his considered version of events through his customary post-race video , on which he answered fans ' questions . One asked if he was ` crying ' -- by which the questioner meant moaning or being a poor loser . Rosberg said : ` You say that I was crying . OK , I respect your opinion , and I 'll keep it in mind and I 'll try to show respect when it 's due going forward . ' Hamilton in front of team-mate Rosberg during Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai . Rosberg -LRB- right -RRB- speaks with Mercedes executive director Toto Wolff in Shanghai during the weekend . But why did he not push to pass Hamilton ? ` It might not be so easy to understand from the outside , ' said the German . ` But the reason is , I did try to attack Lewis in the first stint , and it just did n't work . All I did was destroy my tyres . ` So in the second stint there was no point to do that again . I would have completely destroyed my tyres and Vettel could have had a really good shot at overtaking me . My only chance of winning the race anyway , or to fight Lewis , or try to overtake him , would have come at the end of the race , so that 's what I was building up to . ` The worst part of the weekend was losing out to Lewis in qualifying . That compromised me most . And it was by just four-hundredths . That 's all down to me to be those five-hundredths quicker next time . '