Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job . Charlie Pye , from Leamington Spa , applied for the Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked in February . The Villa fan wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets . Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials , despite missing out on the job . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood -LRB- centre -RRB- showed his softer side by replying to 6-year-old Charlie Pye . He wrote : ` From your letter it is clear to see that you would indeed be an ideal candidate for the job due to your knowledge of the game - and your very capable backroom staff , of course ! ` Hopefully you 're not too disappointed at missing out and I 'm informed that I just managed to pip you to the post so you were very close to being offered the job . ` Our chief executive Tom Fox has informed me that the club would like your permission to keep the letter on file ` just in case ' - although I 'm hoping I will be successful at this great football club . The youngster applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked but was pipped to the post by Sherwood . ` I will certainly be aiming to make you and all the other supporters happy . ` In terms of your football career , I want to wish Norton Lindsey every success this season . Well done on being appointed captain . I was a captain during my own playing career - it 's a special honour . ' Sherwood has guided Villa six points above the relegation zone in the Barclays Premier League after Saturday 's 1-0 win at former club Tottenham and taken them to Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool . Charlie had written to chief executive Tom Fox after Lambert was sacked with Villa in the relegation zone earlier this year . Pye is captain of Norton Lindsey and got a special message from Sherwood about being a captain . He wrote : ` I would appoint my mum and dad as assistant managers so they can drive me to the training ground each day . My mum is also very good at making bacon sandwiches for the players if that helps . ' Charlie told the club 's official site : ` I never expected a letter from the manager but I was absolutely delighted to get one . ` What he wrote was brilliant - it meant a lot to me . Even the stuff about congratulating me on being a captain was really special . ' The 6-year-old would have appointed his parents as assistant managers if he had been offered the dream job .