Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date . Mrs Miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' . But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders . Worse still , the politician persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics , which she ca n't stand . Scroll down for video . Justine Miliband , right , said she fell in love with her husband Ed , left , after she got bitten by a dog . Mrs Miliband , right , said Ed , left , did not tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party . The mother-of-two was campaigning with her husband in the north west at several events . In an interview with the Daily Mirror , Mrs Miliband said : ` Canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with Ed in 2005 . ` I had never been out leafleting before and did n't realise you had to keep your eye out for dogs on the other side of the letterbox . ` I 'd been bitten by a Doberman . Ed bandaged me up and I fell in love with him . ' The Doberman incident happened while canvassing in Mr Miliband 's constituency in Doncaster . However , Mr Miliband almost doomed the couple 's relationship on their first encounter after he failed to reveal that he was already in a relationship . She said : ` I thought he was good looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . But we just went down a conversational cul-de-sac . ` Apparently we had nothing in common . He wanted to talk about economics -- one of my least favourite subjects . None of our conversations went anywhere . ' The unpromising start to their relationship was compounded when she found out he had been going out with the woman who invited them to dinner . She said : ` I found out he was secretly going out with the woman who had invited us for dinner . I was furious . ` I bumped into him a couple of times after that , but we did n't start seeing each other for at least a year . ' Mrs Miliband said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend - understood to be the former BBC economics editor - who Ed was secretly in a relationship with . Mrs Miliband said neither her or her husband are bothered about the ` kitchengate ' controversy when it emerged the couple had two kitchens - or ` bacongate ' when Mr Miliband was caught struggling to each a sandwich . The couple have two children , Daniel and Samuel . However , Mrs Miliband , who is a lawyer , said she has no intention of giving up her job in the event her husband is elected prime minister . She said she was ` genuinely taken aback ' by the suggestion . Mrs Miliband said she has been surprised by some people 's obsession with their domestic arrangements . She added : ` With kitchengate , I was just amazed at the ink being spilled . I ca n't get upset about things like that when people are having terrible lives in this country and around the world . ` There are things in politics that are really serious and then there 's lots of other stuff . It 's partly why Ed and I get on so well . Both of us could n't care less about kitchengate or bacon buttygate . '