Fleece jackets , piles of hay , a fuzzy stuffed animal sloth and a lot of fruit were on Bobbi Gordon 's shopping list when she became a surrogate mother to a big-eyed , spikey-haired little boy . A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City 's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve , a Bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth . Now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl . Scroll down for video . A new addition : Tuah , the five month-old Bornean orangutan looks on in the Great Ape Building at Utah 's Hogle Zoo on Friday . Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday , with visitors -- some of whom wore ` I met Tuah ' buttons -- lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse . About 9,000 people visited the zoo Saturday , said Erica Hansen , the zoo 's community relations coordinator . ` It was such a larger day -LRB- for attendance -RRB- than we usually have in April , ' she said . Gordon is one of several primate handlers who provided round-the-clock care for the infant , improvising along the way . ` We lived like an orangutan , ' Gordon said . ` It was exhausting . ' Orphan : Tuah 's parents Eve and Elijah , both passed away last fall just a few weeks after Tuah 's birth . Orangutans spend most of their time in trees . A baby orangutan instinctively clings to his mother 's fur while she builds nests and scavenges for food . So Tuah could n't be swaddled and put in a crib like a human baby ; he needed to hang onto someone , even while sleeping . A zoo employee used specialized sewing machines and old fleece jackets to make a vest with strips that simulate an orangutan 's fur . The animal keepers took turns wearing the vest and crawling in hay , while Tuah held tight to their chests , developing his muscle strength . But Tuah ca n't cling to humans forever . That 's where his sister , Acara , comes in . After Tuah 's birth , zookeepers began training Acara on maternal duties . Acara will turn 10 next month and is an eager-to-please orangutan that enjoys learning , Gordon said . ` Gorillas are a whole other different story , but orangutans are very easy , ' said Gordon with a laugh . She called the species ` insanely intelligent . ' Taken care of : After four months of round-the-clock care from zookeepers and his older sister , an orphaned orangutan baby is ready to meet the public . The first step was to teach Acara to be gentle with the infant . ` She was young and spunky , so that was our biggest worry , that she would n't know what was too rough , ' said Gordon . They plied Acara with rewards . The more complicated the task , the higher-value the treat : from the everyday fruit to her favorite grapes and pomegranates to the foods she only gets on special occasions , like jello , granola , graham crackers , applesauce and peanuts . When Acara had mastered being gentle , zookeepers gave her a stuffed animal to teach her how to pick the baby up , hold it and flip it over . The two were introduced when Tuah was 3 months old , and for the last month , they have lived together full time , Gordon said . Acara has adjusted to child-rearing and will retrieve Tuah for animal keepers and carry him between exhibits . She also helps Tuah navigate the ropes and stops him from tripping on toys . On Saturday , Tuah spent a lot of time holding onto the ropes and occasionally wandered up to the glass , giving visitors outside the enclosure an up close glance . ` He stayed awake and fought off his nap until about 3:30 , ' Hansen said . Tuah 's father was Eli , an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the Super Bowl winner seven years in a row . Eli died of cancer in September , but officials hope Tuah inherited his ability . ` Tuah 's going to try it next year , ' Gordon said . Lost her parents : Tuah 's father , now dead , gained national fame by correctly picking the Super Bowl winner seven straight years is ready to meet the public .