Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g . Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same . The miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g , will now weigh just 12g . The shrinking of one of Australia 's most popular children 's chocolates was not widely announced but was in fact spotted by a shop owner who stocks the treats , the Herald Sun reports . Cadbury 's spokesman Julian Polachek said : ` We 're making a change to the size of the product because of manufacturing cost increases that we can no longer absorb . ' The Freddo 's downsize is just the latest product to feel the pinch in the declining confectionery world . In February , chocolate lovers expressed their anger after Cadbury announced plans to reduce the size of their family blocks by ` one row ' in a cost cutting deal . The best-selling blocks dropped from 220 grams to 200 grams . The Australasia managing director for Mondelez International , Cadbury 's parent company , Amanda Banfield told the Financial Review : ` Clearly any chocolate lover is going to be a bit disappointed . ' Anticipating a backlash , Ms Banfield explained the company had decided the shrink the family block because of ` unprecedented cost headwinds ' . She blamed the increased price of ingredients and rising packaging costs for the change . Cadbury still recommends the blocks are sold for $ 4.99 -- a price which wo n't increase or decrease -- but Ms Banfield highlighted that shops set the prices that they choose to sell the products at in store . Cadbury 's parent company 's profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $ 87 million to $ 127 million in 2013 . Thousands of angry chocolate fans complained about the change on Cadbury 's Facebook page . Creator of the Freddo Frog , Harry Melbourne , who thought up the idea of the chocolate frog named Freddo when he was an 18-year-old . He died aged 94 in 2007 . Cadbury have reduced the size of their family block of Dairy Milk by one row of chocolate . Tony Abbott carefully pours chocolate into a mould during a visit to the Cadbury chocolate factory in Hobart . Rebecca Isaako wrote : ` You turned a $ 127 million dollar profit last financial year . This is complete & utter baloney ! ' Kyria Economidis said : ` What do you take us for ? You guys are thieves , you want to cut it down and charge us the same ? You are plain greedy . ' ` Good bye Cadbury it has been a fun ride , but when you make it not worth it and unaffordable and then lie pffft not worth wasting my money how much would it cost to change the size of the chocolate with new moulds smaller packaging lots of money I would assume . I 'll just wait for the tim tams to go on sale , ' Kirsty Logan commented . Nestle has sliced its Killer Python lolly in half in a bid to help Australians better manage their health . Cadbury chocolate produced for the Australian market is made in Claremont in Tasmania . A statement on the company 's website read : ` Confectionery companies around the world are feeling the squeeze of increasing costs . At Cadbury , we 're feeling it too . We 've reached a point where we can no longer absorb these increasing costs into the price of our chocolate blocks . ' In October last year , Cadbury rival Nestle sliced its Killer Python lolly in half in an apparent bid to help Australians better manage their health . The new ` treat size ' Allen 's Killer Python measures 21 cm instead of 32.5 cm and weighs 24g instead of 47g . Nestle has also reduced the size of Smarties ` fun size ' boxes from 20g to 16g . The move is part of Nestle 's efforts to help Australians improve their health by controlling the amount of food they eat - ` especially treats ' . The company said the Killer Pythons still have the same ` recipe , taste and stretchiness ' but the new size cuts the lolly 's kilojoules from 630 to 336 , meaning a 10-year-old can run it off in 30 minutes instead of one hour . Customers have expressed their outrage over the move but Nestle 's General Manager of Confectionery , Martin Brown , said it was the ` right thing to do ' . Nestle has also reduced the size of Smarties ` fun size ' boxes from 20g to 16g . The new ` treat size ' Allen 's Killer Python measures 21 cm instead of 32.5 cm . ` I think lollies are just such a fun part of growing up and people have got a lot of passion for them , I really understand that , l used to love eating Killer Pythons as a kid , ' Mr Brown told Daily Mail Australia . ` I can understand why there will be some disappointed Python fans , it 's a short term sacrifice because it will upset customers and we 'll sell less Pythons but it 's the right thing to do for ongoing trust . ` This is a really important initiative for a product primarily eaten by kids , getting it at the right portion . ' When Red Rock Deli chips dropped 20 grams from their packets the prize remained the same . The company said the new treat size Killer Pythons bags are the same price as the old ones , but have gone up in weight , so customers will be getting more lolly snakes in smaller portion sizes . The recommended retail price on individual Killer Pythons will be halved from $ 1 to 50 cents . In the past manufacturers have been called out for slashing product sizes while keeping the same packing and price . Red Rock Deli-Style potato chips were shrunk by 20 grams . And Choice spotted Oat Crisp Honey cereal packets were reduced by 14 per cent while maintaining similar packaging and that the price per 100 grams increased by 10 per cent .