It has long been considered that a lie-flat bed is the only way to get a good night 's sleep on a plane . But Boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre ` upright ' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too . Nicknamed the ` cuddle chair , ' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all . Boeing has just filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair ' It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . According to the patent for the ` Transport Vehicle Upright Sleep Support System , ' and illustrative animated video from website PatentYogi , the head cushion will have a ` face relief aperture , ' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing . The chest cushion supports the passenger 's chest in a natural , forward-leaning motion , which will helpfully aid the traveller in a few precious minutes of shut-eye . Sleeping on a plane can be quite a feat - especially for those who do n't have the money to splurge on business or first class seats . While some rely on a personal neck pillow , which is readily available to purchase in airports , Boeing 's patent insists that the ` cuddle chair ' is a far superior option . For those sitting in economy aircraft seats , the ` cuddle chair ' offers a more natural way to get some sleep . The backpack will be located under the seat and straps will attach to the passenger 's head rest . A ` face relief aperture , ' or a face pillow with a hole for breathing , and chest cushion provide added support . The patent insists that this system is far superior to neck pillows due to sleep 's ` natural horizontal tendency ' Although a patent was filed , Boeing tells MailOnline Travel that no further information is currently available . According to the patent , the inflatable pillow is ` not a highly successful option due to the natural tendency of a sleeper to relax their muscles and fall to a more horizontal point . ' If you 're using a neck pillow , this may be the moment that it slips and you wake up . However , it may be a while until we see the ` cuddle chair ' installed on Boeing aircraft , as the aviation company tells MailOnline Travel that it ` files many patents every year , but that does n't necessarily mean we end up pursuing them . ' A spokesperson for Boeing adds : ` We are n't providing any further information or comment beyond what was detailed in the patent filing . '