Ronny Deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the Premiership with victory at St Mirren -- then hit out at the state of pitches in Scotland . A James Forrest strike and Stefan Johansen 's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as Celtic moved eight points clear of Aberdeen . But although pleased with the way his side stayed patient to win , Deila felt their cause was n't helped by the state of the Paisley surface . And he believes Scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches . Celtic manager Ronny Deila was impressed with his side 's performance against St Mirren on Friday night . ` It was a tough game , St Mirren were well organised and played very deep , ' he said . ` They fought really hard and it was difficult to break them down . We had to be patient . The pitch was better than some others we 've played on . But the pitches in Scotland are terrible . ` If you want to develop players and get passing football , it 's difficult when the ball is bouncing all the time . It 's much easier for the other teams to just sit behind the ball and try to break down our play . ` It 's better to play on an artificial surface than this . If they are watering artificial pitches and they are of the best quality , it 's totally different and much closer to European standards . James Forrest slides on his knees to celebrate scoring Celtic 's opening goal against St Mirren . ` If we are going to develop good young players , you need a good surface to play and train on . If not , you get fighters . If you want skills and technique , play on better surfaces . ` They are much better in Norway . Sixty per cent are artificial and the grass pitches are better as well because they do n't train there and there are n't other teams playing on them . And we play in the summer . That 's the biggest thing . The pitch here might not look so bad but try to play on it . ' TV pictures showed Leigh Griffiths eating a chocolate biscuit while sitting on the bench . But Deila , a strong advocate of fitness and conditioning , laughed it off . ` I think it was a carbo biscuit which is totally different ! I 'll have to check his weight tomorrow . ' Celtic midfielder Stefan Johansen slots home from the penalty spot to secure his side 's 2-0 victory . Goalscorer Johansen believes there 's no stopping Celtic as they close in on a treble . ` It looks great for us now , ' he said . ` I do n't think we 're unbeatable but there is a huge confidence in the team . ` We are starting to look fitter and have much more of the ball because we 're playing with a higher tempo . That 's the way the manager wants us to play . I said in the beginning when people were asking questions I was confident he would be a great and it 's starting to look that way . ' Saints boss Gary Teale felt there were positives in defeat but was n't happy about the handball awarded against Viktor Genev for Celtic 's penalty . ` Was it ball to hand or hand to ball ? If they 're going to give penalties for things like that they need to give all of them in every single game . ' Deila berated the state of pitches in Scotland and claimed it would be better to play on artificial surfaces .