Ronny Deila insisted on Friday night that Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches . The Celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the Josh Meekings handball debacle that helped kill his Treble dream last weekend . But Deila has called for similar transparency as in his Norwegian homeland , arguing that referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships . Celtic manager Ronny Deila speaks to the officials after his side 's Scottish Cup semi-final loss to Inverness . Celtic wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend 's defeat to Inverness , seeking ` to understand ' how Steven McLean and his assistants failed to act on the Meekings incident . ` When my team has a bad performance , I have to stand in front of newspapers and everybody , ' said Deila . ` If it 's good , it 's good . If it 's bad , it 's bad , but I have to stand up to it . ` I ca n't understand what the problem is with the referees doing it as well . ` They could say : ` I made a bad mistake , I 'm so sorry , I 'm irritated at myself , I should have done it better , I should learn from this . ' What could you say after that ? ` It 's not important for me to speak with the referee . It 's the Press . If the Press has a question for me and I say no comment , it never stops . If I say what I think , then you move on . ` It would be good for referees . We all know they will make mistakes in the future and do good and bad things . Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . ` We will do the same , but just to be open and honest gets you much more respect . You have to be able to handle it through good times and bad times . ` If they shut themselves away , you do n't get answers and that 's why we are writing a letter to them just asking what happened . ` If not , we do n't need to do that . They tell it to television . What 's the problem ? More and more in Norway , the referees go to speak to the media after the match . ' Speaking in December , Deila said that Scottish referees had been ` fantastic ' since he came to Celtic and that he had encountered more problems in European matches . Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . ` I have n't changed my mind , ' he insisted . ` You see mistakes all over Europe and I think the referees here have been good , I have no problems with that . ` It 's just afterwards there are a lot of things . So many meetings , appeals , I ca n't understand that system . But that 's not up to me , it 's up to others . ' Referees have performances evaluated by assessors but Deila feels it would be better if they came under a more public disciplinary system similar to managers and players . ` I think it is strange that we have to do it and not the referees , ' he added . ` We are all one unit -- football . ` I think it should be the same rules for everybody . If my players are not performing well then I talk with them . And the solution might be that they are out of the team . ` How do you punish a referee ? You could give another referee a chance instead , give someone a break . ` In Norway referees get banned as well . They get told they have to go down to the first division for a couple of matches or have a week off and then come back again . I think that is made public . '