It 's a common misconception that anyone can swan into their local fast food store and pick up a job serving food , flipping burgers or even mopping up spilled soft drinks . However , as Daily Mail Australia recently discovered , it 's just not that easy , with potential workers required to pass detailed psychological questionnaires before they can secure an interview . KFC 's quiz contains 30 questions , which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree ' to questions which to some , might not have an obvious answer . Scroll down for video . KFC 's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree ' Head of Human Resources , Robert Phipps , assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company . When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers , they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later . The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations . How would you respond if someone yells at you ? What about a change in the workplace , how would you deal with it ? Another question asked if it is ` okay for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid ' . KFC 's human resources boss , Robert Phipps , claimed the test was specially designed to rank the thousands of applications which apply for a job with the company . ` We want to get the best possible candidates that we can for our organisation , ' Mr Phipps -LRB- pictured -RRB- said . ` I would n't say it 's deeply scientific , but it 's reasonably scientific , ' Mr Phipps told Daily Mail Australia . ` We take a norm sample of what success would look like in the output of the questions , and essentially what it does for us is it gives us a better than normal chance of predicting success around work attributes like honesty , work ethic and whether someone is a team player , ' Mr Phipps told Daily Mail Australia . ` It does provide a ranking system and we tend to take those up the top end of the ranking . I would n't say that you can fail , unless not getting the job is failing . ' Mr Phipps said that the test was not anchored to a personality type , but rather different work styles . ` In terms of personality or what have you , any personality fits in well at our company and then we teach them skills , but it 's a question of their values around work ethics that will help us , ' he said . ` I would n't say it 's deeply scientific , but it 's reasonably scientific . We take a norm sample of what success would look like in the output of the questions , and essentially what it does for us is it gives us a better than normal chance of predicting success around work attributes like honesty , work ethic and whether someone is a team player , ' Mr Phipps said . Mr Phipps said that the test was not anchored to a personality type , but rather different work styles . He estimated that only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process , with employee referrals being ` our number one method of recruitment ' - and was unable to estimate how many were hired by the end of the recruitment procedures . ` When you look at our organisation globally , we actually hire a lot of people ... we find that by taking an approach like that , and it 's not the most difficult of tests , but to be able to do a basic screening test and get to the point where we want to get the best possible candidates that we can for our organisation and its best practice , so we apply it . ' KFC 's quiz also includes a few situational questions such as : ` Your manager just told you that you need to work this weekend . You have plans this weekend that you do not want to change . What would you do ? ' He estimated that only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process , with employee referrals being ` our number one method of recruitment ' KFC 's quiz also includes a few situational questions , however these are nowhere near as difficult as the scenario questions in McDonald 's 23-question multiple choice quiz . The fast food giant has a vigorous recruitment procedure in which applicants must pass a 23 question multiple choice quiz online before their application can be submitted . Contrastingly , some of the scenario questions in McDonald 's 23-question multiple choice quiz are far more complicated . While the company says that the questionnaire is designed to ` help McDonald 's understand the position in our team that suits you best ' , Daily Mail Australia has been told that applicants can easily fail the test . ` You are approached by a group of young kids while you are relaxing in the park . They want you to join them in a game of soccer . What are you likely to do ? ' one question reads , with answer options ranging from ` join in for a couple of minutes just to make them happy ' and ` join in with them as you really enjoy playing with kids ' . Another question asks : ` You find you have some time available to cook . What do you do ? ' Questions range from those any job seeker would expect to be asked during an interview , to multiple choice scenarios . When asked why they have decided to apply for a job at McDonaldns s , applicants have the option of selecting ` it 'll make my parents happy ' or ` it 's easy to get a job at Macca 's ' More convoluted questions are also included in what appears to be an attempt to determine an applicant 's personality . Answers range from ` make a meal you are very familiar with ' , ` grab a cookbook or download a new recipe to follow ' or ` be creative and experiment with whatever you find in the kitchen ' . The possible responses listed for one question , which describes a scenario in which a man trips and spills his shopping on the floor , differ only slightly . They include immediately helping the man , asking if he needs help and ` let the man know the same thing has happened to you and offer any assistance he needs ' . But Mr Phipps said there were ` other stages to the recruitment process that are far more important than the first one ' such as face-to-face interviews and trials at the work place . No doubt those who are more serious about securing a position would second guess what response would make the best impression . The answers listed for this question differ only minutely .