For many years carbohydrates such as white bread and pasta have been seen as the enemy for anyone trying to keep their waistline slim . But doctors are concerned with the increasing trend that 's seeing people cut whole food groups out of their diets , especially healthier options like wholegrains . As revealed by the Daily Mail on Tuesday , experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one 's relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good . Australian dietician and nutritionist Susie Burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain , but says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely . Scroll down for video . Carbs are back : Doctors have warned against people cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates . 1 . Tip Top 9 Grain . Calories : 184 . Carbs : 26g . Fibre : 4.8 g Sodium : . 296 mg . 2 . Helga 's Lower Carb . Calories : 196 . Carbs : 19g . Fibre : 5.4 g . Sodium : 280 mg . 3 . BarleyMax Wrap . Calories : 104 . Carbs : 10.6 g . Firbe : 10.4 g . Sodium : 121 mg . 4 . Baker 's Delight Cape Seed . Calories : 269 . Carbs : 25.1 g . Fibre : 7.6 g . Sodium : 265 mg . 5 . Burgen Soy Lin . Calories : 200 . Carbs : 26.1 g . Fibre : 5.9 g . Sodium : 370 mg . Measurements are based on two slices of bread . 1 . Lawsons White . Calories : 302 . Carbs : 53g . Fibre : 3.4 g . Sodium : 513 . 2 . Turkish . Calories : 808 . Carbs : 111g . Fibre : 6.3 g . Sodium : 1900 mg . 3 . White Sourdough . Calories : 244 . Carbs : 45g . Fibre : 2.7 g . Sodium : 600 mg . 4 . High Fibre White bread . Calories : 172 . Carbs : 30g . Fibre : 6.1 g . Sodium : 296 mg . 5 . Lebanese Bread . Calories : 275 . Carbs : 53g . Fibre : 3.0 g . Sodium : 451 mg . Measurements are based on two slices of bread . ` Bread has been a dietary staple for thousands of years , and the more advanced technology has become , so too the more processed our bread , resulting in the soft , almost sticky common white loaf many families base a number of meals around each day , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` Bread , white or otherwise is a rich source of B group vitamins which are crucial for energy production , and hence bread remains a major contributor to energy and the running of energy systems in the body . ` Less processed varieties of bread also offer a range of other nutrients including dietary fibre , Vitamin E , zinc ; iron and long chain unsaturated fats , which is generally why loaves of grain based bread contain more fat than white bread , ' she added . The nutritionist said there is a distinct difference in the nutritional value of white and grain bread , there 's also a disparity in the glycaemic index -LRB- GI -RRB- . The best : Tip Top 9 Grain -LRB- right -RRB- and Helga 's Lower Carb -LRB- right -RRB- came highly recommended from Susie Burrell . ` As white , wholemeal and flat breads have all had the grains ground down in their processing , they have a relatively high GI compared to wholegrain bread , meaning that they release glucose into the bloodstream much more quickly than wholegrain breads , ' Ms Burrell said . ` Over time , this means that choosing processed breads as a dietary staple will be resulting in regular glucose peaks and troughs , and subsequent insulin release . ` High insulin levels over time are related to weight gain and increased risk of developing Type 2 diabetes , ' she added . This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your daily diet . In light of this the diet guru has compiled a list of the five most nutritious , and five worst breads Australian consumers can buy . BarleyMax wraps also rated highly on the Australian nutritionist 's list , coming in third in her top five . Baker 's Delight Cape Seed loaf -LRB- left -RRB- was given the nod by the nutritionist , as was Burgen 's Soy Lin -LRB- right -RRB- . ` One of the most commonly asked questions in relation to bread choice is whether ` wholemeal ' is a good choice . While whole meal bread does contain more dietary fibre than standard white bread , it is still a high GI choice , ' Ms Burrell revealed . Swap it : Australian nutritionist Susie Burrell says while too many processed carbohydrates can be bad , people should n't generally be eliminating them entirely but instead looking at healthier options . She said Turkish breads can be one of the worst as people tend to eat it in higher quantities and fill the holes with butter or margarine . ` The average adult will need just 2-4 slices of bread each day and be mindful of the increasing sizes , ' the nutritionist warned . ` Some large , thick slices of bread can contain up to double the amount of carbohydrates and are really not necessary for the majority of us who would ultimately like to drop a few extra kilograms . ` As many Australians eat bread on a daily basis , it is imperative that our choice of bread is gold standard , and this means grain bread , ' she added . Ms Burrell also warned parents to be cautious of the bread they 're serving their children , as they will learn what they know . ` If you continue to buy white bread , they will continue to eat it , and it is not the best choice nutritionally for their health long term , ' she said . While it 's widely accepted that processed carbohydrates , such as white bread and pasta , can contribute to weight gain and its associated diseases , doctors are increasingly concerned about a trend for excluding all carbs - even healthier wholegrains , where the grain is left intact and not processed . People who do this could suffer from a lack of energy , mood swings , poor concentration and gut problems - and may even put on weight . Those who shun carbs say they are bad for us because they convert into sugar in the body , and can cause weight gain because we store excess sugar as fat . Lawson white bread was named as the worst nutritionally , due to its high calorie and sodium counts . Lebanese bread -LRB- left -RRB- and Turkish bread -LRB- right -RRB- were also listed unfavourably by Ms Burrell . But while many experts agree that overweight people often do eat too many carbs , they also say that these foods have been unfairly demonised . ` Carbs are seen by many as the `` devil '' food , but any dietitian will tell you they are an essential part of a healthy , balanced diet - the general guidance is they should make up a third of our intake , ' says Helen Bond , spokesperson for the British Dietetic Association . ` They are a ready source of fuel for the body . Cutting them out can cause headaches , tiredness and lethargy . ` You wo n't be able to perform so well during exercise and concentration is likely to be affected , too , because carbohydrates also fuel the brain . ' She adds that where people go wrong is in treating all carbs as the same . Burgen Soya & Linseed Bread . Calories : 111kcal . Carbs : 12g . Fibre : 4.1 g . Sodium : 0.13 g . Sainsbury 's Taste the Difference Thickly Sliced Wholemeal Multi Seeded Batch Loaf . Cals : 116kcal . Carbs : 14.8 g . Fat : 1.5 g . Sodium : N/A . Biona Organic Rye Bread Amaranth/Quinoa Wheat Free Bread -LRB- per 100g -RRB- . Calories : 195kcal . Carbs : 34.2 g . Fibre : 10.1 g . Sodium : 0.98 g . Marks & Spencer Spelt , Honey & Sunflower -LRB- per 100g -RRB- . Calories : 298 . Carbs : 35.8 g . Fibre : 7.3 g . Sodium : 0.39 g . White Sourdough . Calories : 244 . Carbs : 45g . Fibre : 2.7 g . Sodium : 0.6 g . Asda Country Miller Rye & Sunflower Bloomer . Calories : 137kcal . Carbs : 19.2 g . Fibre : 3.2 g . Sodium : 0.36 g . Cranks Proper Organic Seeded Farmhouse Bread -LRB- per 100g -RRB- . Calories : 247kcal . Carbs : 39.9 g . Fibre : 6.9 g . Sodium : 0.8 g . Weight Watchers Thick Sliced Grained Loaf . Cals : 75kcal . Carbs : 14.1 g . Fiber : 1.3 g . Sodium : 0.3 g . Waitrose Farmhouse Batch Sliced Bread . Calories : 99kcal . Carbs : 16.8 g . Fibre : 3.7 g . Sodium : 0.20 g . Hovis Nimble Sliced Wholewheat loaf . Calories : 51kcal . Carbs : 8.1 g . Fibre : 1.5 g . Sodium : 0.20 g . Turkish bread . Calories : 808 . Carbs : 111g . Fibre : 6.3 g . Sodium : 1.9 g . Lebanese Bread . Calories : 275 . Carbs : 53g . Fibre : 3.0 g . Sodium : 0.45 g . Measurements are based on per slice except where stated otherwise .