Sleepy kid : Brock Guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla . Authorities said the Northern California boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen . An eight-year-old boy who took a snooze in the backseat of his family 's car , apparently slept through his own kidnapping after the car was stolen from in front of his home . Brock Guzman was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern Californian home in the abandoned car following a frantic search for him . Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota Corolla after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home . But the car thief clearly did n't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle . The boy 's father said he had placed Brock in the Corolla at around 4:45 a.m. , and started the engine . He then went back into the house in Fairfield to get some belongings and his older son , who attends school 40 miles away in Napa . However , when the father went back outside , the car was gone and an unfamiliar bicycle lay nearby . In a blind panic , he hopped into another family vehicle and sped off in search of the Corolla . The boy 's mother frantically called 911 , and authorities issued an Amber Alert . Less than four hours later , a resident called police and said the car was parked in their neighborhood . When officers cautiously approached it at around 8:15 a.m. , the suspect was gone and Brock was still asleep . He was not injured . Fairfield police Officer Kathryn McCormick said : ` We do n't know for sure if he slept through the whole thing , but it looks that way . We hope that was the case . ' Police do not have a description of the suspect and say it appears that the thief did not know the child was sleeping in the backseat . ` At this point , we are investigating this as a crime of opportunity , ' McCormick said . Car theft : According to police , a hapless thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota , similar to the model of car pictured here , after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended and did n't notice him inside .