Fears for two new strains of influenza , which caused a spike in deaths in Europe and the United States , will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on Australian shores . Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket . The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu . Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against two new strains . High-risk groups - such as the very young and very old , and most indigenous Australians - will be able to access free , government-funded flu shots from April 20 . Experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for . But Dr Alan Hampson , who chairs the Influenza Specialist Group , said everyone should be getting the vaccine , which also provided protection against Influenza A strain H1N1 . He said H3N2 and B/Phuket caused a spike in deaths in Europe and the US during the northern winter because the vaccine available did not provide the right buffer against the diseases . There was a spike in deaths related to H3N2 and B/Phuket in Europe and the US during the northern winter as the vaccine did not cover the strains . World health authorities realised that and modified the vaccine to be used in Australia this winter . ` Our vaccine now should be a really good match for the strains that are circulating globally and we certainly hope we can prevent more deaths per capita than they did , ' Dr Hampson told AAP . ` In fact the vaccine that will be used in the next northern winter will be exactly the same as the one we 'll be using over the next few weeks . ' Dr Hampson said people should be booking their flu shots now , given the delay in stocks arriving . ` Even if people are not in one of the high-risk groups , they are probably coming into contact with people in their own families who are , ' he said . ` Those high-risk groups are harder to protect so it 's great if we can also protect the people around them . '