The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War . Thursday 's commemoration in Appomattox , Virginia , included a reenactment of Lee 's last clash with Grant 's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9 , 1865 . Ahead of the battle reenactment , the boys of the Confederate 11th Virginia were a seemingly pretty cool bunch as those portraying Union troops gathered several fields away at Appomattox Court House amid the rolling farm country dotted by neat brick buildings and white picket fences . In April 1865 , however , the troops were n't as calm . Lee 's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits . Scroll down for video . American Civil War re-enactors dressed as Union cavalry drill early in the morning at the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park . Confederate troops muster in front of the McLean House as they prepare for battle during a re-enactment of the Battle of Appomattox Courthouse . Today is the 150th anniversary of Confederate General Robert E. Lee 's surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to Union forces commanded by General Ulysses S. Grant in the McLean House at Appomattox , Virginia . Lee 's surrender in Appomattox , Virginia marked the beginning of the end of the American Civil War in 1865 . American Civil War re-enactors dressed as Confederate cavalry walk in formation as part of the re-enactment of the Battle of Appomattox Court House . American Civil War re-enactors dressed as Union cavalry drill early in the morning at the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park . Ragged , hungry Southern soldiers , many straggling and on the run from federal forces , began giving up alone and in small bunches even before the official surrender . Days earlier that month , the Union Army had already smashed their way into the Confederate capital of Richmond , Virginia . Lee 's forces , seeking an escape route , had crossed the Appomattox River while burning bridges . Union forces ` attacked them vigorously ' in the hours before the official surrender , convincing Lee the fight was over . The last days accounts were cited as saying ` the road for miles was strewn with broken down wagons , caissons , and baggage of all kinds , presenting a scene seldom witnessed on the part of Lee 's army . ' But in 2015 , a stoic Chris Ferree could n't contain his excitement when asked about his role in the 150th commemoration of Lee 's surrender here , effectively ending the Civil War 150 years ago on Thursday . ` This is an awesome place to be , ' said Ferree , a Roanoke resident . ` We 're all excited to be here . ' The Confederate re-enactors were a ragtag , mismatched group of heavy wool coats , ill-fitting trousers and more types of hats than a haberdashery . Dozens stood along a rough wooden fence , their muskets stacked at the ready . American Civil War re-enactors portraying Confederate artillery fire several of their cannons during the re-enactment . Confederate artillery re-enactors appear to work in threes to fire off each cannon . They cover their ears as the cannons blow . Re-enactors dressed as confederate troops fire their muskets in rows of two as more men gather behind in preparation to shoot . American Civil War re-enactors acting as members of the North Carolina 26th Infantry leave the field of battle once the re-enactment is finished . Re-enactors acting as members of the North Carolina 26th Infantry carry their weapons and flag on their shoulders as they leave the battle field . American Civil War re-enactors dressed as Union cavalry celebrate after defeating Confederate troops at a re-enactment of the battle . Confederate and Union forces clash during a re-enactment of the Battle of Appomattox Station on Wednesday as part of the 150th anniversary of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to Union forces at Appomattox Court House , in Appomattox , Virginia . The Union and Southern re-enactors spent the night encamped in tents at Appomattox Court House National Historical Park . The smell of wood smoke greeted the first of thousands of visitors expected to throng the park for several days of commemorative events . The outline of Union troops in formation could be seen in fields as visitors approached the park . Perry Miller of Salisbury , a re-enactor with the North Carolina 28th from Salisbury , explained the strategy succinctly : ` We 're trying to break through the Union lines . ' Thomas Holbrook , a park ranger on loan from Gettysburg to Appomattox , went down the line of re-enactors for a quick briefing before battle . ` This is part of what I like to call the armistice that was signed on April 9 , when Gen. Lee surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia , ' he said . In a place where historically accurate fashions abound , the Rufeners of Ohio stood out . Cousins by marriage , Kim and Mary Rufener carefully stepped through soaked turf and muddy roads at Appomattox to keep their hoop skirts mud-free . The two also wore bonnets as they watched Union and Confederate reenactors clash . Confederate and Union re-enactors clash as they battle with swords on horseback as part of the Battle of Appomattox Court House re-enactment . Confederate and Union re-enactors dressed in gear likened to what was worn during the Civil War , 150 years ago . As several people rode on horseback , they re-enacted the battle as records show it occurred in Appomattox in April 1865 . Union re-enactors charge Confederate troops on horses during a re-enactment of the Battle of Appomattox Station on Wednesday . Confederate re-enactors check their weapons during a re-enactment . The re-enactors spent the night camping in tents at the Appomattox Court House National Park . Amid the hundreds if not thousands lined along a fence watching a battle re-enactment , the two women drew attention as they posed for photographs . ` It just enhances the experience for us , ' Kim Rufener said amid the startling booms of cannon fire and the crackle of muzzle fire . ` It makes it more alive . ` It 's an important part of history that we need to remember . ' ` We 're just having fun , ' Mary added . Asked if the reproduction outfit had hampered her travels , Mary said , ` Well , it is muddy . ' She modestly lifted the hem of her hoop skirt , revealing laced black boots that were slightly muddied . Mary 's husband Mark joined the two wearing a formal waist jacket and coachman 's hat . He finished off the look with a cravat . The Rufeners have been to other Civil War commemorative events , but Appomattox was the first in period costumes . ` This is a big deal , ' Mary Rufener said , adding ` We wo n't be around for the 200th . ' A Confederate re-enactor rides her horse back to friendly lines so quickly that her hat , tied around her neck , flies off her head . Historical interpreter Susan Bowser , of Kittanning , Pennsylvania , pours water in a pan at the Union camp next to the McLean House during preparations for the anniversary . Civil War re-enactor Steve Riggs , of Charleston , South Carolina , with the 2nd Virginia Cavalry , lets visitors pet his horse , Jackson , before a re-enactment . Historical interpreter Joe McShane , of Kittanning , Pennsylvania , shows Jeryl Callahan , right , of Lynchburg , Virginia , and others a Civil War era replica rifle during preparations for the anniversary . This image provided buy the Library of Congress shows an artists rendering of the surrender of Confederate General Robert E. Lee to Union General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 . This April 1865 image provided by the Library of Congress shows Federal troops in front of the Appomattox Court House near the time of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender .