Gone are the days when a few strategically-placed tissues was all you needed to give cleavage a boost - now Japanese women are using ribbons . The fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back , so every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent . The idea was inspired by a popular ` anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature . Scroll down for video . A trend in Japan has seen young women tying blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage . In the show , called Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls In A Dungeon , heroine Hestia is depicted with a cartoonish face and outsized eyes , her hair in long bunches that taper to her thighs . Like her Greek goddess namesake , she wears white - but that 's where the comparisons end . Her frock is short , backless , with a plunging neckline and comes with matching white gloves . Added to this is her distinctive blue ribbon , looped tightly around her pneumatic torso , and tied with the bow resting on her upper arm . The trend is inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon . The ribbon is tied under the breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised . The trend has seen many Japanese women uploading pictures of their successes online . But bizarrely Hestia 's signature has taken off with the fans of the show . It has not only been picked up by cosplayers , who like to dress up as their favourite anime characters , but it has also been copied by ordinary girls who have been posting their own Hestia-inspired images online . The trend has even extended to toys and collectable items , with some snaps showing dolls in a copycat costume , and even a Lego figure designed to look remarkably like the anime character . While some women opt for a single loop around their chest and arms , others tie the ribbon once under their breasts and then around once again to rest on the upper arms to give cleavage a bigger boost when lifting their arms . Fans have even created detailed diagrams on how best to tie the ribbon . Both ordinary women and those who practice Cosplay -LRB- pictured -RRB- have tried the trend .