A series of thought-provoking clothing labels have been photographed in a bid to raise awareness of the horrific plight of those toiling in sweatshops around the world . The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from . Teaming up with the advertsiing agency Rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh , Cambodia and Sierra Leone . Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item . Scroll down for video . The label in the red hooded top highlights the case of 34-year-old Tejan who had been coughing up blood but carried on working for fear of losing his job . One of the labels , sewn into a yellow , cable jumper , reveals a day in the life of Behnly and reads : ` Made in Cambodia by Behnly , nine years old . He gets up at 5 am every morning to make his way to the garment factory where he works . ` It will be dark when he arrives and dark when he leaves . He dresses lightly because the temperature in the room he works reaches 30 degrees . ` The dust in the room fills his nose and mouth . He will make less than a dollar , for a day spent slowly suffocating . A mask would cost the company ten cents.The label does n't tell the whole story . ' A red hooded top focuses on the life of Tejan , a father-of-two , and bears the label : ` Made in Sierra Leone by Tejan . The first few times he coughed up blood he hid it from his family . They could n't afford medical treatment and he could n't risk losing his long-time job at the cotton plantation . This label describes the story of Behnly , nine , who has been working since 5 am . ` When he fell into a seizure one day it could no longer be ignored . The diagnosis was pesticide poisoning . ` The lack of proper protective clothing has left him with leukemia at the age of 34 . He has two daughters . One of them starts work at the factory next year . The label does n't tell the whole story . ' The final image , of a smart jacket , highlights a working day for 12-year-old Joya . The label says : ` Made in Bangladesh by Joya who left school at the age of 12 to help support her two brothers and newly widowed mother . ` Her father was killed when a fire ripped through the cotton factory where he works . She now works in the building across the street from the burned down factory . A constant reminder of the risk she takes everyday . ' The jacket was made by 12-year-old Joya , says the label , who has to support her family after losing her father in a factory fire opposite where she is working . ` It 's time for change , ' said the Canadian Fair Trade Network . ` Buying fairtrade ensures workers are being compensated fairly and not exposed to unsafe working conditions . ' Rachel Wilshaw , Oxfam 's ethical trade manager , said the charity welcomed the campaign . ` Oxfam welcomes campaigns like this which use a creative approach to making consumers aware of the plight of garment workers on poverty wages , ' she said . ` In Bangladesh for instance , the minimum wage is just $ 68 a month , far too low to support a family , an issue that Oxfam highlights in our report Even it Up ! Time to End Extreme Inequality . ` Consumers concerned to find out which brands are tackling poverty wages can refer to Oxfam 's new briefing paper Steps towards a living wage in global supply chains . ' The conditions of workers in clothing factories came under the spotlight following the collapse of the Rana Plaza building in Dhaka , Bangladesh , on 24 April , 2013 . The tragedy resulted in the death of 1,129 people and a further 2,515 people were injured , many of whom were making clothing for big name brands . The incident saw the launch of Fashion Revolution Day , a now annual event which takes place on 24 April and invites people from around the world to turn their clothing inside out to display the label , take a selfie and ask #whomademyclothes via Twitter .