A filmmaker , whose older sister has Down syndrome , is confronting the misuse of the word ` retarded ' and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult in her upcoming documentary , which aims to change the way people think , speak and act . Amanda Lukoff , from Arlington , Virginia , teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word , which is in pre-production while they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo . The director and producer , who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle , has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter , who has Down syndrome . ` To full understand how and why the R-word came to be , we have to start at the beginning , so I am setting out on a journey to find out how , when and why the R-word became a part of popular culture , ' Amanda says in the trailer for the documentary . Scroll down for video . Tight-knit : Amanda Lukoff -LRB- left -RRB- , pictured with her siblings , was inspired to create her documentary The R-Word after growing up with her sister Gabrielle -LRB- center -RRB- , who was born with Down syndrome . Amanda , who plans on starting principal photography this month , has already raised nearly $ 25,000 since starting the campaign in March . Although she still has 25 days to reach her goal , she notes on the page that she will make the documentary whether or not she meets her fundraising target of $ 200,000 . In the preview clip , Amanda explains that , while she was growing up , she knew her sister Gabrielle ` was different , even special ' because of her intellectual disability . She adds that her sister 's refusal to let her Down syndrome define her has been a source of inspiration for her in her own life . ` I have also realized that everyone is not as sensitive to my sister 's difference as I am , ' she says . Sisterly support : Amanda and Gabrielle can be seen speaking at a podium during a private event . Celebration : Gabrielle was photographed happily dancing at Amanda 's wedding to her now husband Danny Egan . After years of being confronted with the misuse of the word ` retarded ' when she was ` on the bus and at school , at work and parties , on TV and in movies , in music and books , and most recently all over social media ' Amanda says she realized that other people were ` probably experiencing the same thing ' . ` I wanted to know how a term once used as a medical description for individuals with intellectual disabilities became a derogatory word used to put people down , ' she says . With her film , Amanda is looking to see if the word ` transcends American society ' and will explore the lasting effects it has on people with intellectual disabilities , as well as their friends and families . Spreading the word : Amanda can be seen giving a presentation about her documentary . Think first : Amanda 's says she wants to change the way people speak . Amanda explains that she hopes to empower people and also encourage others to think before they speak . ` We want to show people that the word -LSB- retarded -RSB- actually has a big impact when we use it , ' she tells The Mighty . ` It 's not a light-hearted joke that some people believe it to be . ' The money Amanda receives in donations will go towards filming , travel , animation and editing , among other things . But the amount of money she raises will only determine how quickly the documentary will be created . ` The film will be made no matter what , ' she says .