Former Arsenal and England defender Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month 's general election . Campbell has joined forces with Homeland actor David Harewood , musician Tinie Tempah and Paralympic medallist / / television presenter Ade Adepitan . The campaign , run by Operation Black Vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20 . Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote for the General Election . Ex-England star Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics . Campbell , 40 , last month ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington after Sir Malcolm Rifkind announced he would be standing down . At the time he said his ` ambitions lie elsewhere in the political arena ' which led to speculation he could run for London Mayor . Campbell posed for a photograph with his face coloured white alongside the caption , ` If you do n't register to vote , you 're taking the colour out of Britain . ' And on launching the campaign , Harewood said : ` What it brilliantly illustrates is that if you do n't register to vote , you are quite literally taking all the vibrancy we have in our community off the table . ` If you do n't register to vote , politicians do n't really care about you , politicians are n't really caring about what you have to say , what you have to do , anything . Campbell won 73 caps for his country , scoring one goal over the space of nine years . ` The only way they talk to you is if you register to vote . That is when you become an important part of the electorate . ' Operation Black Vote also launched a 2015 general election manifesto with the aim of ` reclaiming democracy , empowering citizens and fighting race equalities ' . It says that in the past black and minority ethnic -LRB- BME -RRB- groups presented a broad range of ` key policy demands ' to all parties , but adds : ` Our experience shows that whilst all parties express interest in our proposals during elections , this interest soon evaporates once in power . ' Instead OBV has created a list of manifesto points of its own , including automatic voter registration linked to the National Insurance system , the introduction of e-voting and proportional representation , voting from the age of 16 , state funding of parties and a ` minister for race equality ' in the Cabinet . Posters featuring David Harewood and Tinie Tempa in a new campaign to encourage minorities to register . Former Paralympian and current TV presenter Ade Adepitan is also part of the Operation Black Vote campaign .