Do n't be fooled , Arsene . Do n't be caught out by this impressive run of form and think everything is in place for a crack at the title next year . It is not uncommon to see Arsenal finish a season with a string of good results . Usually they rattle out a sequence of wins just in time to preserve their place in the top four but too late to affect the destiny of the Barclays Premier League . The same thing has happened this year . Chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before Christmas . Arsenal players celebrate after their extra-time winner against Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals last week . Alexis Sanchez jumps in the air and celebrates wildly after his second goal for Arsenal at Wembley . With a 10-point advantage , even if Jose Mourinho loses to Arsene Wenger for the first time on Sunday it wo n't stop his side becoming champions . Next year , though , Chelsea wo n't have it all their own way and no team is better placed than Arsenal to dislodge them . There is a different feel to their form and performances this time around and Wenger said recently he could ` smell ' something happening . You just hope , however , Wenger and Arsenal 's board do n't get fooled into thinking they have got all the tools they need at their disposal . This is not the time to be complacent . This is the summer when Arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men . That is exactly what Chelsea did 12 months ago . After finishing behind Manchester City and Liverpool , Mourinho did n't mess around . In came Diego Costa , who had spearheaded Atletico Madrid 's La Liga success , and a World Cup winner in Cesc Fabregas . They meant business . The money was big but the quality was proven and , after they were unveiled , everyone began tipping Chelsea for the title . We might be doing the same with Arsenal come August if Wenger , who has been criticised for spending Arsenal 's money like it 's his own , is similarly ambitious . Arsenal , it should be stressed , are not in need of major surgery and the spine of their team is now much stronger than at any point last season , when they only just held off Everton 's challenge to finish fourth . But there is still room for improvement . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger talks to his players ahead of extra time at Wembley last Saturday . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho looks in fine form during a press conference on Friday . Results have been impressive since David Ospina replaced Wojciech Szczesny , who had failed to show the required consistency . Ospina has played 12 Premier League games ; Arsenal have won 11 and he has kept six clean sheets , but Wenger still needs to buy a new No 1 if they are to be title challengers . Petr Cech would be an ideal candidate to come in . Laurent Koscielny has steadied things in defence , with Arsenal winning 15 of the 18 games he 's played since January 1 but , to progress , Wenger needs another top centre back . Gabriel Paulista arrived in the New Year but it seems it was to provide cover for Koscielny and Per Mertesacker . Francis Coquelin has added bite to the midfield , but would Arsenal have enough to challenge next season if Coquelin is their anchor and Mikel Arteta is his back up ? No . Why does n't he go for Paul Pogba , who looks set to leave Juventus ? Wenger spent £ 42m on Mesut Ozil , so why not spend the same and more on Pogba . If they needed to sign Ozil two years ago , their need to sign Pogba this summer is even greater . Diego Godin of Atletico Madrid is 29 and at the peak of his powers . He would be ideal at the heart of the defence . Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina pictured during a training session at London Colney last week . Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech warms up before Saturday 's Premier League clash against Manchester United . Olivier Giroud , meanwhile , has provided a focal point up front . I like Giroud . He is an under-rated striker and , had he not missed three months with a broken ankle , his tally would be more than 14 ; he averages a goal every 101.93 minutes , the second best rate in the Premier League . Giroud is one of a number of good options Wenger has up front . Alexis Sanchez has been brilliant , while Danny Welbeck has played his part , but that should not stop Wenger looking to improve on what he has got . If a forward with the class of players he has had before , such as Thierry Henry or Nicolas Anelka , comes on the market , Wenger would have to move for him . Imagine what Luis Suarez , Sergio Aguero or Karim Benzema could do for Arsenal ? I 'm not saying Arsenal are getting to the levels of ` The Invincibles ' but their form has me thinking they are getting closer . The 2-0 win at Manchester City in January could be a turning point . They made themselves difficult to beat rather than being open . Hopefully we will see more of this . Arsenal 's French striker Olivier Giroud looks forward as he advances with the ball at Wembley . Danny Welbeck -LRB- left -RRB- looks to evade the challenge of Reading 's Hal Robson-Kanu -LRB- centre -RRB- and Alex Pearce . Of course it has been frustrating that they have not challenged for the title since last winning it 11 years ago , and Wenger has not had a smooth ride . Fans turned on him after they lost at Stoke -- and after the Champions League defeat to Monaco -- leading to talk about Jurgen Klopp coming in . But some perspective is needed . Wenger has done a good job keeping Arsenal consistently in the top four -- all their rivals have dropped out at some point in between -- and by the end of next month , they could have won back-to-back FA Cups . How could you then get rid of Wenger ? So one question would need asking : what are they waiting for ? Both Manchester clubs will spend in the summer , but both those clubs have got far more problems to fix . City 's squad is old and needs big investment , while United will have the complication of being back in Europe . Wenger , then , could use the next window to call it on . The message it would send out to his players , fans and , most significantly , their rivals would be huge . It would let everyone know they were launching an all-out assault on the title . They would have to be taken seriously . Beating Chelsea on Sunday wo n't alter things in the short term , but it will offer belief that Arsenal can challenge next season . What they do in the window will determine how big a statement they can make . Finding some special players could transform them . Borussia Dortmund head coach Jurgen Klopp celebrates after beating SC Paderborn last weekend . Wenger applauds the Arsenal fans after his side booked their place in the FA Cup final . Big guns missed out on a Fab freebie . Full marks to Aston Villa . They are a side rejuvenated by Tim Sherwood and absolutely deserved to beat Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final . Jack Grealish understandably attracted most of the headlines for his outstanding performance but the role Fabian Delph played was just as important ; his aggression , energy and left foot gives Villa balance in their midfield . Liverpool could n't cope with his aggression . Earlier this season , Delph was lauded for committing his future to Villa even when their position in the Barclays Premier League was threatened . He signed a four-year deal , which showed his character could never be called into question . What can be called into question , however , is the wisdom of some other clubs in the Premier League . Fabian Delph -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates after scoring for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semis . Delph , do not forget , was set to be out of contract this summer and a number of sides at the top of the table had their chance to sign a young England international for free . No doubt these same clubs will go out when the window opens and bring in at least one foreign midfielder , to go with the ones they signed last summer , and soon enough we will hear at some point next season that we do n't have enough English players playing for top sides competing in Europe . There will then be complaints from clubs saying it is impossible to buy English players because there is such a premium on them and they will argue that is why they are forced to look abroad for new signings . The Delph situation shows that sometimes such an argument is nonsense . He is now Villa 's captain and has been their best player for the last 18 months . His progress has been so impressive he is now a regular in the England squad and if he can add more goals to his game -- like the one he scored against Liverpool -- he could reach a very high level . Delph slots the ball past Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet in Villa 's 2-1 victory at Wembley . If Delph does maintain his improvement , inevitably clubs will come looking at him . But if they want him , it will cost . For reasons only they know , they let slip a chance to get something good for nothing . Their loss is most certainly Villa 's gain .