A former high school teacher in South Carolina has pleaded guilty to having sexual relations with two of her male students . Kimberly Waddell Macemore , 25 , of Wilkesboro , was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . Macemore was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service , register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years , receive a sexual offender psychological assessment and participate in any recommended treatment . Former English teacher Kimberly Waddell Macemore , 25 , of of Wilkesboro , South Carolina , pleaded guilty on Tuesday to having sexual relations with two 17-year-old boys she was supposed to be teaching . Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014 . Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014 . The two male students were both 17 at the time . Macemore had a casual sexual relationship with one of the young men , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other , said prosecutors . On Thuesday she pleaded guilty to two counts of taking indecent liberties with a minor . She had also pleaded guilty to two misdemeanors : assisting a student in obtaining a grade by fraudulent means and giving alcohol to someone under age 21 . As part of a plea agreement , six counts of committing a sexual offense with a student at the same school were reduced to taking indecent liberties . The offenses occurred between October , 2013 , and January , 2014 , but not on school property . The incidents only come to light after Macemore told another student . Word reached the principal and contacted the sheriff 's department . The teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one young man , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other .