Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge and her body was found in a canal five months later . The sister of murdered schoolgirl Lindsay Jo Rimer has spoken of her family 's agony as they still hope to find her killer 20 years after her death . Lindsay Jo was 13 when she went missing after going to the shops in Hebden Bridge , West Yorkshire . Her body was discovered in Rochdale canal five months later , weighed down with a 20 lb rock . The teenager 's sister Kate described her family 's struggle since Lindsay Jo 's death as a ` life sentence ' . She has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find Lindsay Jo 's killer as they admit they are still searching for the ` golden nugget ' to bring justice to her family . Ms Rimer said : ` I was 20 at the time and still remember when mum called me to say my little sister was missing . I felt instantly that something was wrong . ` And then five months later she was found . ` From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we can not stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end . ` We miss her so much but every memory of her is tainted - it is so painful and bleeds into everything we do . ' Ms Rimer , who now lives on the south coast , decided to speak out in a video as the 20th anniversary of when her sister 's body was found approaches this Sunday . She added : ` It is about time this came to an end - it is a life sentence for this family . Ms Rimer said when her own daughter started school a teacher , who had also moved to the south from Bradford , asked if she had any connection to the Lindsay Jo case because of her surname . Scroll down for video . ` She had to say that Lindsay would have been her auntie , ' said Ms Rimer . Lindsay Jo was last seen in Hebden Bridge on November 7 1994 . She left her home on Cambridge Street to go to the shops and paused briefly at the Trades Club on Holme Street where she met her mother before buying cornflakes at the Spar shop . As the 20th anniversary of her sister 's body being found approaches , Kate Rimer speaks about the struggle the family have faced as Lindsay Jo 's killer has not been found for two decades . CCTV from the shop on Crown Street shows her buying the cornflakes at 10.22 pm . It is not known what happened to her then . Her body was found in the Rochdale Canal on April 12 1995 . Detective Superintendent Simon Atkinson , from West Yorkshire Police , said previous publicity has helped generate new leads and they are hopeful that they may be able to find fresh clues as to the identity of her killer . But he said : ` We are , however , still waiting for that one ` golden nugget ' of information that will finally crack the case and bring closure to Lindsay 's grieving family . ` Anyone who watches the clip of Kate 's interview will be moved by what she has to say . It is clear that the pain still runs as deep as it did 20 years ago and nothing will ever completely erase the memory but bringing Lindsay 's killer to justice will at least bring some closure to the family . ` Someone somewhere knows what happened to Lindsay and I am appealing again , directly , to that person to come forward and help me solve the case . CCTV from 1994 show Lindsay Jo walking along the aisles of the Spar shop where she bought cornflakes . ` For 20 years Lindsay 's family have had to live with the pain and the hurt of not knowing what happened to her as her killer continues to enjoy their liberty . ' The officer said : ` All we know is that Lindsay 's body was found five months later on Wednesday April 12 1995 , with the ultimate indignity to her and to her family that her body was left to rot in a watery grave . ` Someone prepared to do this does n't deserve any protection . It is time they were brought to justice . ' Two years ago a church minister and his parishioners urged police to investigate any links with prolific paedophile Jimmy Savile , who used to stay in a caravan in Cragg Vale - close to where Lindsay Jo lived in Hebden Bridge and previously at Lower Rough Head Farm . Savile would stay at Cragg Vale , just miles from where Lindsay Jo Rimer lived , first at Lower Rough Head Farm , then Hebden Bridge .