The old adage that an elephant never forgets appears to be true , based on a touching video showing an Asian elephant returning to her mother after years apart . After a 62-mile -LRB- 100 km -RRB- trek through the Thai jungle , Me-Bai , the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother , Mae Yui , while the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks in the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary , in the north of the country . Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old , and did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years . Scroll down for video . It would appear to be true that an elephant never forgets , based on a touching video showing an Asian elephant returning to her mother after years apart -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die , sharing incredibly strong bonds . They are very rarely separated before the calf is five years of age . The small elephant left the tourism trade ` because she -LSB- Me-Bai -RSB- was too young -LSB- and -RSB- began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer , ' according to Elephant News ' YouTube page . Me-Bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after a tiring 62 mile -LRB- 100 km -RRB- trek in the hot sun that lasted four days . The small elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old , and did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years . They are pictured here togeher . Asian elephants remember old friends and have large social networks of friends , a 2011 study found . Researchers claimed that just like humans , some elephants are social butterflies , while other prefer to stick to a close-knit group of friends . Past studies suggested elephants usually live in small groups centred around females and their young while adult males live independently . However , the study found that though males do live apart , females and their young actually have the sort of complex network of friends , relatives and acquaintances normally seen in humans . Study author Dr Shermin de Silva from the University of Pennsylvania said : ` Elephants are able to track one another over large distances by calling to each other and using their sense of smell . ` So the ` herd ' of elephants one sees at any given time is often only a fragment of a much larger social group . ` Our work shows that they are able recognise their friends and renew these bonds even after being apart for a long time . ' ` Me-Bai was nervous and wary of people when she first arrived at the sanctuary , but she quickly learned that her new caretakers had no intention of abusing her in any way , ' the sanctuary writes . She was initially wary of humans but quickly adjusted to her new surroundings , National Geographic reported . Workers learned that Me-Bai 's mother was working in the tourist industry nearby and its owners agreed to retire Mae Yui so she could join her young at the sanctuary . The emotional moment the pair were reunited was captured on camera . It shows the elephants caressing each other with their trunks and flapping their ears -- seemingly in joy - after spending an uncertain half an hour together where the keepers thought they may be worried about being separated again . A previous study conducted at the park by Mahidol University in Thailand and Emory University in the US , found that elephants comfort each other when they are stressed by chirping softly and stroking each other 's heads and genitals . These actions can be seen in the video . Psychologist and elephant behaviour expert , Preston Foerder , of the University of Tennessee , said the elephants are communicating with touch , as well as sound and sight , because their trunks are so sensitive . The duo can be seen walking and eating together happily , later in the video . After a 62-mile -LRB- 100 km -RRB- trek through the Thai jungle , Me-Bai , the small calf can be seen nuzzling her mother , Mae Yui , and joyfully flapping her ears in the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary in the north of the country . However , animal behaviour expert Frans de Waal of Emory University , said that it 's possible the elephants do n't remember each other , but are just a compatible pair . ` There is no doubt about elephant feelings and bonding , but we humans like to read the mother-child relation into this , ' he said . ` It is possible the two remember each other but the video itself does not necessarily prove this . ' Whatever the case , the sanctuary says : ` Now , Mae Yui 's owners and Elephant Nature Park are working together to rehabilitate Mae Yui and Me-Bai so that they can return to the wild and live free . ' Me-Bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after an exhausting 62 mile -LRB- 100 km -RRB- trek in the hot sun that lasted four days . Here the pair walk towards each other at the sanctuary . Workers learned that Me-Bai 's mother was working in the tourist industry nearby and its owners agreed to retire Mae Yui so she could join her young at the sanctuary .