Nick Clegg has been accused of blaming ` everyone but himself ' after making a series of excuses for the party 's disastrous poll ratings . In an interview , the Lib Dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are ` p ***** off ' and have deserted the party since 2010 . And he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees . Scroll down for video . Collapse : Nick Clegg has told the Economist there was a range of reasons why different groups left . Pictures : The Lib Dem leader on the campaign trail in north west England on Tuesday , April 7 . Blame game : But Mr Clegg has said none of them were to do with his policy making decisions . He was asked in an interview with the Economist magazine why Lib Dem support had ` collapsed ' in the last five years . He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they did n't want to take any ` responsibility ' . He also blamed the fact the Lib Dems had entered into coalition with one of the major parties . He said going in with Tories meant it was ` inevitable ' that support would fall in ` anti-conservative ' parts of Britain . And he said public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts . Mr Clegg said there was ` clearly a section of the support we had in 2010 that was virulently anti-Conservative ' . Coallition : Mr Clegg said going in with the Tories meant they would lose ` virulently anti-Conservative ' voters . Cuts : Public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts , he claimed . He said : ` They 're the ones who still scream and shout blue murder and have done so without pause for breath for half a decade . And they 're loud and they 're noisy and they 're angry . ` And that was a significant chunk of support that basically wanted to be associated with any party that did n't have the remotest sniff of power . ` There just is a constituency out there that wants to be entirely bereft of any responsibility . So they 're clearly also very pissed off . It was ` wholly predictable and totally unsurprising ' that public sector workers were at risk of being ` disenchanted ' . He added that those factors are ` probably more important explanations than tuition fees , or this decision or that decision , although those obviously play a part ' . Mr Clegg said some areas of country are a Lib Dem ` desert ' and the party is now running a ` defensive ' campaign focusing on winning where it retains support . ` Petulant ' : A Tory source has told the Daily Mail : ` This sums Nick Clegg . Its everyone 's fault but his own ' He admitted there are ` great parts of the country now where there is just no Liberal Democrat presence ' citing the North of England and areas where they are fighting against Labour . He added : ` We 're not going to waste any time , any effort , any money , any energy on places where we 're not going to win -- which , by the way , is the vast majority of the country . ' In 2010 the Lib Dems won 23 per cent of the vote but national polls in recent months have put them on single digits . A Tory source said : ` This sums Nick Clegg . Its everyone 's fault but his own . He is like a petulant child . ' Despite his party facing the prospect of losing dozens of seats , Mr Clegg used the interview to stake a claim for a particular government department his party would like to run if he is back in coalition after May 7 . He said he would call for the Lib Dems to be given control of education , and criticised the ` fruitless and fruitcakey ' policy ` spasms ' under former Education Secretary Michael Gove .