A volcano in Chile that has laid dormant for more than 40 years has suddenly erupted , causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee . Volcano Calbuco , in the country 's south , is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile 's 90 active volcanoes , but was not under any special observation before it suddenly sprung into life at around 6 pm local time . An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared . Scroll down for video . Up in smoke : Volcano Calbuco , in southern Chile , has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from Ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes -LRB- pictured , a view of the eruption from Puerto Montt , a small city around 20 miles from the volcano -RRB- . Boom : The eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere which was visible from up to 100 miles away -LRB- pictured , the scene in Puerto Varas , around 25 miles away -RRB- . Unexpected : The volcano last erupted in 1972 , and while it is widely believed to be among Chile 's most dangerous , it was not under observation before it erupted today -LRB- the eruption pictured from Puerto Varas -RRB- . Active : Volcano Calbunco is regarded as being among Chile 's three most dangerous volcanoes , and is part of an active chain of around 500 that cover the south of the country . Panic : Residents from Ensenada described ` apocalypse scenes ' after the volcano erupted about 6 pm local time , with local authorities setting up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around it . Smoke and lava can be seen spewing from the Calbuco volcano in this picture taken from the shores of Lake Llanquihue in Puerto Varas . An electrical storm lights up the night sky as a huge column of ash and lava shoots out of the volcano . The eruption sparked a red alert in the port city of Puerto Montt . The volcano is located near the tourist town of Puerto Varas and the city of Puerto Montt , a little more than 620 miles south of Chile 's capital , Santiago . The National Mining and Geology Service issued a high alert , setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5 miles around the volcano , barring access to the area . Trevor Moffat , who lives in Ensenada , some six miles from the volcano , said the eruption happened without warning . Volcano Calbuco 's last major eruption happened in 1961 , with a weak eruption following in 1972 . The Calbuco volcano in southern Chile erupted for the first time in more than five decades on Wednesday , sending a thick plume of ash and smoke several kilometres into the sky . Explosion : Residents in nearby Puerto Varas go about their business while in the background the ash cloud from Volcano Calbuco is seen . Destructive : Volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another . Eruptions occur when magma forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust . Plume : While most people think of volcanoes as spewing lava , many eruptions take the form of super-heated gas and ash which is pushed through the earth 's crust , covering the sky . Not another one : Southern Chile is a sparsely populated region of high volcanic activity . In March , volcano Villarrica , about 155 miles to the North , also erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky . He said : ` It sounded like a big tractor trailer passing by the road , rattling and shaking , guttural rumbling ... we left everything there , grabbed my kid , my dog , got in the car with my wife . Mr Moffat , who was originally born in Canada , said he was now driving his family to Puerto Varas . He added : ` All the neighbors were outside , a lot of young people crying . Armageddon type reaction . ' Television pictures showed a spectacular mushroom-shaped column billowing into the sky with occasional lighting bolts shooting through it . The eruption was seen up to 100 miles away in neighbouring Argentina . Danger : Residents from nearby towns said people were crying in the streets after the volcano erupted without warning at 6 pm local time . Shocking : While the first eruption occurred in the middle of the afternoon , the plume of ash and smoke was visible well into the evening from towns 100 miles away in Argentina . Blanket : The last major eruption here was in 1961 when lava flows filled the top crater before spilling down the sides and into a nearby lake . There was another minor eruption in 1972 . Distant : A view of the ash cloud from the Nahuel Huapi lake , around 100 miles away from the volcano in neighbouring Argentina . Derek Way , a resident of Puerto Varas , , said : ` There are a lot of people out in the streets , many heading to the gas stations to fill up on gas . A friend told me to fill everything we have with water . ' Chile , on the Pacific ` Rim of Fire ' , has the second largest chain of volcanoes in the world after Indonesia , including around 500 that are potentially active . In March , volcano Villarrica , also in southern Chile , erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky , but quickly subsided . Volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another . Eruptions occur when magma from the Earth 's core forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust .