Model Karlie Kloss is spreading her passion for computer coding and empowering young women by teaming up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer teen girls around the country scholarships to the academy 's software engineering program this summer . The 22-year-old 's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy . ` Code is only going to continue to play a major role in defining our future , ' she says in a video promoting Kode With Karlie . ` I think it 's crucial that young women learn to code as early as possible to ensure that we -LSB- ... -RSB- have a voice and a stake in what the world looks like . ' Scroll down for video . Role model : Karlie Kloss can be seen flexing her muscles in a promotional video for her Kode With Karlie scholarship program , which will provide 20 young girls free tuition for a computer coding course this summer . Team player : The 22-year-old model was filmed working with other students at the Flatiron School in New York , where her scholarship recipients will be taking a two week software engineering program . Karlie is donating $ 20,000 of her own money for the classes , which cost $ 2,000 per student , while the Flatiron school has offered to match her contribution . The blonde beauty , who describes herself as a ` model , ballerina and cookie expert ' in the clip , explains that she learned how ` creative coding truly is ' when she studied it last summer . ` Similar to dance and fashion , coding is a form of self-expression , ' she says . ` It 's a way to turn a cool , innovative idea into a product , website , app , tool or experience . ' Karlie says it was this revelation that inspired her to share her passion with other girls across the country . Major revelation : Karlie attended the coding course , which costs $ 2,000 per student , last year . Deep in thought : The former Victoria 's Secret Angel can be seen working on a computer programming project with other students . Completed project : Karlie and other students watched their hard work pay off as their creation took flight . After the course , her 20 scholarship recipients will understand the ` building blocks of coding ' and have already built and deployed their own app to the web . In order to apply for the scholarship , female students are asked to film a 60 second video explaining how they plan to use their ` coding super powers ' after they complete the course . Karlie took to social media yesterday to promote the opportunity , tweeting : ` Who runs the world ? CODERS ! Apply for the #KodeWithKarlie Scholarship @FlatironSchool for your chance to learn code ! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' And it 's clear that Karlie , who also co-founded Karlie 's Kookies with chef and owner of Milk Bar Christina Tosi , takes her entrepreneurial roles and studies seriously . Stellar student : Karlie can be seen working with other students at the software engineering class last summer . Combined interests : The blonde beauty can be seen speaking on a panel about how technology revolutionized fashion week at SXSW in Austin , Texas . In February , it was announced that she was hanging up her Angel wings and leaving Victoria 's Secret to focus on other business opportunities , as well as her classes at New York University . The model will be starting college at NYU 's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in the fall , where she will study computer coding . Karlie , who covered the summer issue of Porter , told the magazine that she ` definitely could not get a job as a coder yet ' . American girl : Karlie , who covers the summer issue of Porter , told the magazine she is ` fascinated ' by computer coding . Catwalk queen : Karlie can be seen strutting down the runway at the Tom Ford show -LRB- L -RRB- and the Atelier Versace haute couture show -LRB- R -RRB- earlier this year . ` But it is something I am fascinated by , even if it is not the profession I choose , ' she added . Karlie continued : ` Simply having the comprehension of the way that it works , having the ability to speak that language and to be able to not only comprehend it , but write and build something -- the world is built on code . ' And Karlie has no problem blending her two worlds together . Last month , she spoke on a panel about how technology revolutionized fashion week at SXSW in Austin , Texas .