After helping Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday , Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby by jetting off to Dubai for a short break . Cipriani contributed 13 points from the boot in a fine display against the Cherry and Whites and with Sale out of contention in Europe , Cipriani and his team-mates have the weekend off to recharge ahead of a crucial final four rounds of Aviva Premiership action . Steve Diamond 's side will face London Irish , Harlequins , Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks as they look to secure a top-six finish and qualification for next season 's European Champions Cup - and a short break looks to be the perfect preparation for Cipriani who has been integral to Sale 's improved form this season . Danny Cipriani is currently relaxing on holiday in Dubai before Sale 's last four Aviva Premiership games . With Sale out of contention in Europe , Cipriani took advantage off a free weekend to chill out on holiday . Sale are currently seventh in the league standings and although a play-off place is not out of the question , head coach Diamond conceded that a top-six finish looks more likely . ` The first goal is to qualify for the Champions Cup and we want to finish in sixth to do that , ' Diamond said earlier this week . ` We 'll just try to win every game . If we do then we will finish in the top six , but I do think the top four is a bit away from us and we 're probably just off that . Cipriani fires over a conversion during Sale 's 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday . Cipriani tackles Gloucester centre Billy Twelvetrees during the clash at the AJ Bell Stadium . ` We 've not got a squad that can compete with the top four , but at home we 're a good side and it 's difficult -LRB- to come here -RRB- as we 've proven against Gloucester , Northampton and Saracens . Cipriani has been in superb form for Sale this season and was rewarded with a call-up to Stuart Lancaster 's squad for the 2015 RBS 6 Nations campaign . George Ford was very much the first choice fly half for the tournament , but Cipriani made a number of impressive cameos from the bench against Italy , Scotland and France . Cipriani crosses for a late try during England 's 47-17 victory against Italy at Twickenham in February . The Sale playmaker capped off his first appearance at Twickenham since November 2008 with a late try in the 47-17 victory against the Azzurri in February . Cipriani will be back in action on April 12 as Sale travel to the Madejski Stadium to take on London Irish in the Aviva Premiership .