SeaWorld has been accused of drugging killer whales , painting over their injuries and keeping them in pools so shallow they get sunburned . A lawsuit filed by Joyce Kuhl , a grandmother from South Carolina who visited the Orlando park in 2013 , claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools , leaving the marine animals ` essentially roasting ' . In her suit , Ms Kuhl alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries . Scroll down for video . Accusations : A lawsuit claims the orcas at SeaWorld Orlando are being kept in shallow holding pools which give them such bad sunburns staff are forced to paint them to disguise the injuries . Ms Kuhl wants to have her $ 97 ticket reimbursed , as well as tickets for millions of other visitors who have been to the park in the past four years , accusing SeaWorld of ` false , misleading and deceptive business practices , ' the Orlando Sentinel reports . In her suit she also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at SeaWorld , and that the chlorine used in their tanks is ` many times stronger than household bleach ' . Kuhl 's suit details allegations of forced breeding , incestuous inbreeding and whales kept together in ways that make them hyper-aggressive so that they fight and inflict deep gashes on each other . She claims to have witnessed whales ` banging their heads against their tanks and grinding their teeth on the walls , floors and bars until their teeth break or are worn to the pulp , allegedly because of boredom , frustration and ennui , ' The Guardian reports . This is the second lawsuit against SeaWorld in less than one month , with similar filed in California which accuse the company of ` misleading the public ' by claiming that their killer whales are happy . The lawsuit also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at SeaWorld . This follows a failed social media campaign last month , during which SeaWorld organised a q & a on Twitter using the hashtag #AskSeaWorld . Instead of the intended questions about opening hours , animals and attractions , the company was asked if their ` tanks were filled with orca tears ' . Many people used the opportunity to express their anger at the company and questioned its ethics for keeping killer whales and other animals in captivity , often in solitary confinement . User @AshleeCheese_ tweeted : ` Why do you keep breeding whales when you barely have enough room for one ? #AskSeaWorld . ' Another campaigner @Jennyleeisme followed suit and tweeted : ` Do you really believe Shamu Stadium is the most advanced marine mammal habitat ? Have you seen the ocean ? #AskSeaWorld . ' Animal rights group PETA was quick to make its views known , tweeting a series of photographs of the marine creatures , reportedly showing signs of their distress . The backlash comes two years after the release of the documentary BlackFish , which questioned the conditions orcas were kept in following killer whale Tilikum 's fatal attack on trainer Dawn Brancheau at SeaWorld Orlando in 2010 . The 80-minute film , which premiered at Sundance in 2013 , prompted questions about the ethics of keeping the large mammals in tanks . Since its release , attendance has declined at the company 's parks in Orlando , San Diego , California and San Antonio , Texas . SeaWorld 's stock value has also plummeted . To counter the backlash , the firm , which has participated in animal rescue programs for more than 50 years , has announced plans to nearly double the size of its orca enclosures in upcoming years . Recent figures show attendance to the company 's 11 parks between October and December 2014 fell 2.2 percent to 4.4 million from 4.5 million in the same period a year ago . Attendance fell 4.3 percent during the entire year to 22.4 million from 23.4 million in 2013 . During the fourth quarter last year , the company reported a loss of $ 25.4 million , compared with a loss of $ 13million in the same period a year before .