Gary Ballance hit a chanceless hundred for England on Thursday - his fourth century in nine Tests - that further closes the door on the banished Kevin Pietersen returning to the side whatever the ballyhoo . Ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of England 's 333 for seven declared leaving West Indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the first Test . They finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough . Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua . Ballance plays a sweep shot during his impressive innings at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . Ballance celebrates bringing up his century following his superb batting display in Antigua . Ballance , who had a poor World Cup , said : ` It 's been a tough winter but four bad innings do n't make you a bad cricketer . I would like to think I was settled at number three after last summer . Scoring a hundred in a Test match is a great feeling . You have to enjoy doing well , ' as his joyous century celebration indicated . Even with the ever-present Pietersen factor Ballance added : ` That 's international sport , I have n't doubted my place . I knew I had done well before . I did n't come here thinking that I was going to get dropped . I was focused on scoring runs and to get a hundred is huge . ' There needs to be an opening for KP to make a sensational England comeback . But there looks to be no room in the line-up for Pietersen . Ballance at number three followed by Ian Bell and Joe Root seems a rock solid middle order for the Ashes this summer , by when KP will be 35 . Joe Root formed a solid partnership with Ballance and made big inroads against the home side . Root salutes the stands after he brought up his half century earlier in the day . Jordan 's stunning one-handed catch off part-time bowler Joe Root to dismiss Darren Bravo was a critical moment . Ballance said : ` It was brilliant by CJ but he does it all the time . He 's got unbelievable hands . ' Ballance summed it up as a ` very good day , pretty much perfect ' adding : ` It would have been nice to get one or two more wickets but we 're happy with that , to get two this evening puts a lot of pressure on them . ' West Indies coach Phil Simmons said : ` We 're still looking to win the game . The first hour is vital for both sides . We wanted to be around 100 for one at the close .