Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott will likely go head-to-head at the Emirates on Saturday . They are at starkly different places in their careers with 26-year-old Walcott perhaps acting as a cautionary tale for Sterling , 20 , that early promise can sometimes give way to unfulfilled potential . Both are in the process of negotiating contracts with their respective clubs . Brendan Rodgers has spoken in the past of his admiration for Walcott while Wenger has made no secret he is a fan of Sterling . It is not beyond the realms of possibility that the clubs could do a direct swap . Although Wenger would have to deviate from his usually cautious financial approach to win the race to sign Sterling while Rodgers would be hard pushed to sell Walcott as a worthy replacement for Sterling . Here Sportsmail looks at the merits of the two English wingers . Theo Walcott and Raheem Sterling , England 's leading wingers , are both in contract negotians with their clubs . Sterling has been one of Liverpool 's best players this season , but his contract dispute has caused problems . THIS SEASON SO FAR . Sterling : He has been one of Liverpool 's best players throughout the season , making 28 Premier League appearances and scoring six top-flight goals while boasting an impressive 81 % pass completion rate . He has as struggled to make an impact since being used as a wing-back . Walcott : There 's not a lot to go on for Walcott , who has played just 13 games in all competitions , struggling for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury . Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features , winning 62.50 % of their Premier League games when he is in the team , compared to 59.1 % without him . TEAM PLAYER ? Sterling : While Sterling 's contract negotiations might be viewed as a distraction to the team he has been an unselfish and determined player during his career so far , providing seven assists in the Premier League this season . He has linked up well with Daniel Sturridge before the striker was injured and happily played second fiddle to Luis Suarez last season when Brendan Rodgers built his team around the Uruguayan . Walcott : Is always encouraging to younger players and a good influence to have in the dressing room but he has failed to provide one assist this season and rarely contributes to defensive duties . Walcott looked out of sorts for England this week , and has not yet provided an assist this season . Sterling turns away from Arsenal 's Kieran Gibbs when the two clubs met earlier this season . WOW FACTOR . Sterling : Sterling is undoubtedly exciting , can provoke disbelief with his mazy runs and deceptive strength for someone so slight . But his biggest strength is his pace . His top speed this season of 21.77 mph puts him sixth in the Premier League rankings . The problem could lie in the fact he may not be as good as he thinks he is . Walcott : The off-the-mark pace and an eye for the unconventional yet effective pass which made Walcott a sensation as a 16-year-old playing for Southampton have waned somewhat . Although he is still quick , his fastest sprint this season registering at 21.11 mph , a series of injuries have impacted his speed . His inventiveness off-the-ball has been dulled by a lack of confidence . If he can have a period of uninterrupted play he might be able to recapture some of his ` wow factor ' but he is never going to be a world-class player or a game changer . First team opportunities have been limited for Walcott this season , with the winger frustrated by injury . Sterling has scored six times and created 62 chances in the Premier League this season . FANS ' FAVOURITE ? Sterling : Sterling has damaged his public image , possibly irreparably , in the red half of Merseyside with protracted contract wrangling over recent weeks . He said in an interview with the BBC 's Natalie Perks that he wanted to dispel the idea he was a greedy 20-year-old . But he could have done that simply by signing a £ 100,000 a week contract at a club where he plays regularly and the manager is proven at developing young talent , if that really was the case . Walcott : He is a likeable personality , rarely in the headlines for the wrong reasons , but fans will ultimately judge him on his play and Walcott seems to divide opinion . He has flashes of brilliance but his form is erratic and fans want someone they can count on . THE FUTURE . Sterling : It is easy to forget Sterling , who made his full Liverpool debut at 17 years , 107 days , is still only 20 . On the face of it his future is blindingly bright and his potential boundless . Sterling has hit a top speed of 21.77 mph this season , ranking him sixth in the Premier League . Walcott 's fastest speed this season is 21.11 mph . Clubs all over Europe are said to be monitoring him and he has admitted it is his dream to play for a big club ` somewhere warm ' but we have seen all too many times young talent going unrealised . The decisions Sterling and his advisors make in the coming months could be crucial . Walcott : For Walcott , who was selected for his first World Cup at 16 , the last six years have been marred by a failure to deliver on his promise . Those clubs who might be interested in signing him should take encouragement from the fact we might not have seen the best of Walcott yet . Sterling might have permanently damaged his relationship with the Liverpool fans with his interview . The 20-year-old could still stay at Anfield beyond this summer if manager Brendan Rodgers gets his way .