There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia , according to Queensland Health . However , medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women . It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley who died after contracting whooping cough . His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign , urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease . The adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in Australia until July , according to ABC News . However , although whooping cough is less severe in adults , infected adults do pose a serious risk for infants and children who are not vaccinated . Scroll down for video . Riley Hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . Two days before Riley died his mother posted a photo of him wrapped in a blanket in hospital . ` Heartbreaking to watch 4 week old Riley struggle , ' Catherine Hughes wrote as she urged people to get themselves immunised . Riley 's father Greg also posted a touching tribute on Facebook to his ` darling little angel Riley ' ` The one product that is in short supply is not part of the formal national immunisation program , but is a booster dose that 's used generally by GPs for adults , ' Queensland Health senior medical officer Dr Alun Richards told ABC News . ` We have sufficient stocks to vaccinate children as part of the school-based vaccination program . ' On March 15 , two days before baby Riley died , his mother Catherine posted a devastating photo of her son wrapped up in a blanket in his hospital bed urging people to get themselves and their children immunised against whooping cough . ` If you have n't been immunised against whooping cough -LRB- pertussis -RRB- please consider getting it done . ` Heartbreaking to watch 4 week old Riley struggle with it at -LRB- Perth 's Princess Margaret Hospital -RRB- . Please keep him in your thoughts ! , ' she wrote . ` If you 're anti-immunisation/anti-logic/anti-duty of care to your society as a whole , then feel free to take a look at this picture of my son in hospital right now at 4 weeks old with whooping cough - and then come and tell me how you think immunisation is a bad thing , ' Riley 's father Greg added . Dr Richards could not confirm why the shortage has taken place but told ABC that it is not abnormal . His mother Catherine Hughes posted a brave tribute to her baby boy and thanked Perth 's Princess Margaret Hospital for doing ` everything they could to save his little life ' ` I do n't know whether it 's because of increased demand in the world or if it 's another issue , but there are vaccination shortages from time to time , ' he said . ` There are other preparations on the market -LSB- and -RSB- they 're not all in short supply . ' For people opting to be vaccinated against whooping cough , they may be deferred by their GP until more supplies are available . ` These people can return when supplies are again available , ' Dr Jeannette Young told ABC News . Infectious Diseases Expert at ANU Medical School Canberra , Sanjaya Senanayake , told Daily Mail Australia : ` From my point of view immunisation is wonderful particularly for whooping cough . ' He explained infants are ` at a high risk of dying if they get infected ' and that the death rate from whooping cough in infants under 6 months of age is about 1 per cent . ` It 's important to listen to the experts , ' Mr Senanayake said . ` Whooping cough is lethal in babies and in adults people can be absent from work for the persistent cough , it 's a nasty infection . ' Whooping cough -LRB- also known as ` pertussis ' -RRB- is a highly contagious bacterial infection of the lungs and airways . The government health website says the disease is ` highly infectious and most serious in babies under the age of 12 months ' . Babies are at greatest risk of infection until they can have at least two doses of the vaccine -LRB- minimum 4 months old -RRB- as the mother 's antibodies do not provide reliable protection . It 's very rare for children who have been immunised against whooping cough to get the disease -- and if they do , it 's usually not as serious . Symptoms . The condition usually begins with a persistent dry and irritating cough that progresses to intense bouts of coughing . These are followed by a distinctive ` whooping ' noise , which is how the condition gets its name . The early symptoms of whooping cough are often similar to those of a common cold and may include : . These early symptoms of whooping cough can last for one to two weeks , before becoming more severe . The second stage of whooping cough is often called the paroxysmal stage and is characterised by intense bouts of coughing . Each bout of coughing usually lasts between one and two minutes . Infants younger than six months may not make the ` whoop ' sound after coughing , but they may start gagging or gasping , and may temporarily stop breathing . Information supplied by HealthDirect.gov.au . In 2013 , the Department of Health report said that despite a long-standing immunisation program , ` pertussis remains highly prevalent in Australia and the least well controlled of all vaccine-preventable diseases ' . ` Epidemics occur every 3 to 4 years . In unvaccinated populations , these outbreaks can be very large . In vaccinated populations , outbreaks are smaller , with greatly reduced mortality and morbidity , and may continue to occur every 3 to 4 years or be more widely spaced , ' the report said . The devastated parents have set up a Facebook page that already has over 25,000 likes .