The couple that models designer clothes together stays together -- or at least that 's what one New York-based duo hope , having just inked a deal as the first openly gay couple with Fusion Models . John Tuite , 22 , and Carlos Santolalla , 25 , go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City 's party scene . But while the male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves . Model couple : Carlos Santolalla , 25 , left , and John Tuite , 22 , right , are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency . Though the fashion industry seems very accepting of gay people , the couple explains that models are still expected to appear masculine or androgynous . Both John and Carlos had to drop their old agencies after they were told to act straight and delete the Instagram account they share , where they often post loving images of themselves kissing and hugging . ` After coming out , I did n't want to be weird about it again and act straight at castings , ' John told The Cut in December . ` The weird thing about models -- something that nobody really realizes -- is that they 're all straight , ' Carlos recently told Out magazine . Growing fan base : On Instagram , the couple goes by the joint nickname Jarlos , and they have over 22,500 followers . Facing obstacles : John and Carlos were told by their previous modeling agencies to act more ` butch ' and delete their joint Instagram account , where they often pose kissing and holding hands . ` There is an unspoken rule of modeling , at least in NYC -- even if you get signed as an out model -- the first thing any agent tells you to do is to dress butch and talk about girls so no one `` finds out '' , ' John added . In fact , when the couple first got together over three years after meeting at a casting call , it was because Carlos became interested in John when he realized he might be gay -- which he says was unusual . Soon the pair became well-known on the New York City party scene , getting snapped with celebrities like model Gigi Hadid and Paris Hilton , DJing at trendy clubs , and even curating art shows . ` We used to sneak into parties we were n't invited to at all and try to take pictures of famous people , ' John said . ` Now we 're invited and covering it and DJing . ' Looking good : The couple explained that though the modeling industry is filled with well-groomed , well-dressed men , most male models are straight . Party hard : Jarlos is well known on the New York party circuit and has been pictured with Gigi Hadid , Paris Hilton , and Harry Styles . The fact that the pair has become so widely known as a couple made them even more appealing to Fusion Models . ` We signed them as a duo because they are both models and they DJ as a duo , under the name Jarlos , ' Fusion 's Alexandra Phipps told Dazed . ` They 've made a name for themselves as a team , so we decided to run with it . ' As for John and Carlos , they are as excited to be making strides for gay models as they are to have signed this new deal . ` Finally being represented as an openly gay man , let alone a couple , is a huge milestone for the industry , and the whole gay community , ' John said . ` We hope that this will send a message to younger generations that it 's possible to succeed without compromising who you are . '