It probably wo n't be enough to surpass Bill Buckner in Boston sports lore , but it 's close . A wicked mistake in the men 's college hockey title game on Saturday by Boston University 's goalie allowed Providence to tie in the third period and paved the way for the Friars to win their first title . The NCAA championship game , which ended 4-3 and was played at the TD Garden in Boston , will always be remembered for the game-tying goal allowed by BU 's Matt O'Connor , not the winner . Scroll down for video . Matt O'Connor 's own-goal turned his team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in Boston on Saturday . O'Connor lost track of a puck in his glove after it was dumped towards his net and managed to kick it in the net . Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the 4-3 lead and led to the teams 's eventual win . With a little more than eight minutes remaining in the game and his team down a goal , Providence defenseman Tom Parisi dumped the puck towards the BU goal from near center ice . The puck flew through the air and appeared to float easily into O'Connor 's glove . He somehow lost track of the puck and it dropped to the ice and rolled between his legs . The junior player attempted to pick it up , but somehow skated back and kicked it into his own net . O'Connor 's own-goal turned his team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie . A few minutes later , Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the lead and the eventual win . It was the school 's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all . O'Connor said : ` I could n't really see it in my glove . I thought it rolled out of it . I tried to drop and throw it to Jack and it was too late . ` Everyone in this locker room deserves a lot better . ` They deserve to be hoisting the national championship right now . ' BU players skated slowly over to O'Connor to console him after the loss . Providence players also tried to lift his spirits in the handshake line after icing their title . The Terriers came into Saturday night with a 42-22-0 record at the TD Garden since it opened in 1995 . It was the Providence 's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all . After collapsing to the ice , BU players did skate slowly over to O'Connor to console him after the tough loss . O'Connor was n't the only one to have a bad miscue on Saturday night . The NCAA representative tasked with presenting the Friars with their trophy was apparently a little bit off his game as well . During the presentation ceremony , the man congratulated the Providence College Terriers , while handing over the trophy . Despite the mistake , the Friars took the trophy .