Jack Wilshere says he is ready to return to the Arsenal first team and play a part in their season-defining games after completing 90 minutes for the Under 21 side on Tuesday night . The England midfielder completed 90 minutes in Arsenal 's 4-1 win over Stoke City as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season . As he nears full fitness again , Wilshere has set his sights on the FA Cup semi-final with Reading and the Premier League clash with Manchester United as he seeks to regain his place in Arsene Wenger 's team . Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal 's Under 21 side in Tuesday night 's game with Stoke City . Wilshere has been out of action since November , when he injured his ankle against Manchester United . Wilshere injured his ankle during the loss to Manchester United back in November . April 11 Burnley -LRB- A -RRB- . April 18 Reading -LRB- Wembley -RRB- . FA Cup Semi-final . April 26 Chelsea -LRB- H -RRB- . May 4 Hull City -LRB- A -RRB- . May 11 Swansea City -LRB- H -RRB- . May 17 Manchester United -LRB- A -RRB- . May 20 Sunderland -LRB- H -RRB- . May 24 West Bromwich Albion -LRB- H -RRB- . He said : ` You can train as much as you like but you ca n't get that match fitness unless you play . In the Premier League , you know how quick it is so you have yo get back to that speed . ` I feel like I 'm ready to play some part . With everyone playing well , it will be difficult to get back in but sometimes it works out nicely . ` When the team are playing well and winning it can be easier to fit in and help them get even more points . When you 're injured you look at your comeback date and the games around that time . ` The ones that stand out are the FA Cup semi-final but even before that we 've got big games and we 've got Man United so there 's enough time to play this season . ' Wilshere suffered his injury in the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United back on November 22 . He completed 45 minutes in a friendly with Brentford last week and took the next step on the road to recovery against Stoke . Wilshere takes on Stoke 's Ollie Shenton during the Under 21 Premier League match at the Emirates . Wilshere is hoping to make his first-team return for Arsenal in the next few weeks . Arsenal won 4-1 at the Emirates courtesy of an Alex Iwobi hat-trick and another from Stephy Mavididi . Mikel Arteta completed an hour and Abou Diaby 70 minutes as they recover from their respective ankle and calf injuries . Meanwhile , Sportsmail can exclusively reveal that Wilshere features on Manchester City 's summer shopping list .