Mitchell Keenan , with his father Keith , who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent . The family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home . Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated . It came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West Lancashire , last year when they fell behind with their repayments . Mr Keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia . Mr Keenan 's aunt , Dawn Doyle , 54 , said : ` It 's absolutely outrageous what has happened to my brother and nephew . ` They lived in their home for 30 years and got into difficulty last year . ` They had their benefits sanctioned and things just spiralled out of control . ` They both have neurological conditions and disabilities and kept missing jobs interviews , so the problem got worse and worse . ` In July they lost their home and I tried everywhere to get them accommodation but nowhere would take them . ' Ms Doyle says she was then forced to buy her brother and nephew a tent , which they pitched on the Beacon hill in Skelmersdale . She also supplied them with food parcels from local food banks , while trying to provide for her own family . She added : ` I felt awful that I could n't take them in , but I 'm a single parent , with my own disabilities and I just knew I could n't cope . ` I tried my best for them and contacted so many different organisations , but just kept getting turned away . ` Social Services said they could n't come and assess them because they were in a tent - it was just farcical . Mr Keenan 's toes , which eventually had to be amputated after he caught frostbite from living in a tent during winter after being evicted from his home . ` When we saw Mitchell 's toes we were horrified , that this can happen to people in the 21st century is disgusting . ' Mr Keenan has now been given temporary accommodation by West Lancashire Borough Council and his father Keith has been taken in by the Stonham housing association . Ms Doyle believes that the problems all stemmed from the government 's spare bedroom benefit cuts . She explained : ` The bedroom tax is an awful thing , it 's affecting people 's lives all over the country and needs to be repealed . ' A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said : ` Mr Keenan and his son have never been sanctioned and continue to be supported through benefits and by jobcentre staff . ` We have given their local council hundreds of thousands of pounds to support vulnerable people through our housing benefit reforms . '