The winter of 2014-15 wo n't be easily forgotten in Boston after the endless snow broke countless records and the city had to pay volunteers $ 30 an hour to help dig out the battered city . The shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year , nearly 65 inches fell in February alone , means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain . Except the remaining ` snow ' is n't very white any more but rather a disgusting black color riddled with trash including broken pieces of glass , plastic shards and goodness knows what else . Scroll down for video . Vlad Tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at Boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's Seaport District . The one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy , trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow . To some avid skiers snow is still snow and one in particular could n't resist the urge to take to the slopes of Boston 's temporary new resort . Vlad Tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at Boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's Seaport District . ` I 've been skiing for 20 years , but never like this , ' he told The Boston Globe about the ` surreal ' experience of climbing the slopes on April 5 and looking down the South Boston urban sprawl . The one-minute video gives viewers a first-person perspective of the experience as Tarasov pushes through the filthy , trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the historic winter snowfall . Tarasov recalls having to avoid junk including rusted lawn chairs , parking cones , broken bottles , and ` pretty much every kind of trash you 'd ever find on a Boston street . ' He hit a dead seagull , he said . ` I 've been skiing for 20 years , but never like this , ' said Tarasov about the ` surreal ' experience . Junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs , parking cones , broken bottles and even a dead seagull . ` I 'm so accustomed to skiing on the white stuff . I was definitely concerned once I climbed the mound about falling on debris , ' said Tarasov . He has no plans to repeat his daredevil stunt as the warm weather is now finally melting the snow farm and he does n't want to have to clean all his gear again . Boston received 108.6 inches of snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter , beating the previous seasonal record of 107.9 inches that was set in 1995-96 . The 65 inches that fell in February crushed the previous one-month record of 43.3 inches in January 2005 . The city of Boston received 108.6 inches of snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter , topping a seasonal record of 107.9 inches that was set in 1995-96 .