Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations . Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile ` tarnished ' his era after his fellow colleague 's names were ` dragged through the mud ' during probes into historic sex abuse . The 72-year-old 's long-term employer , the BBC , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn 's vintage . Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree , including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris . The probe also exposed abuse by paedophile DJ Savile , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades . The BBC Radio 2 presenter professed his deep shock at the headlines , explaining that most of his colleagues in the industry were ` just working hard ' and ` having a good time ' . ` It 's upsetting , horrible , ' he said . ` I never liked Savile , and I knew there was something about him that was odd but I did n't know what it was . ` I saw him very rarely but the way he was , you could never have a sensible conversation with him . ` But it was shocking when the stories came out . It 's tarnished that era , and it was n't really like that . Most of us were just working hard , having a good time . ' His good friend and fellow DJ , Paul Gambaccini , was also caught up in the scandal after spending a a year under a cloud of suspicion when he was arrested over historical sex offences . In his case the 65-year-old was accused of having sex with two underage boys , however , the Crown Prosecution Service -LRB- CPS -RRB- dropped the charges last year . Blackburn said he is outraged at how Gambaccini was treated and has called for lessons to be learnt . He said : ` If somebody has done something wrong they should be punished but I do think there is something appalling going on when someone , anyone , can accuse you of something . ` In Paul 's case , he did n't know the people - and your name is just dragged through the mud . I saw him very recently and the fact is that there has been no apology , and he has lost a lot of money and it is not right . You have n't done anything wrong but it sticks . We need to learn something from this . ' Blackburn has remained unequivocally untouched by scandal , and explained : ` That 's because I have n't done anything wrong , it 's as simple as that , ' he says emphatically . But the DJ , who started his career on pirate station Radio Caroline in 1964 , has faced his own controversies after proclaiming he had bedded more than 500 women in his Sixties heyday . Blackburn said he never liked paedophile DJ Jimmy Savile -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades . Rolf Harris and Dave Lee Travis were among Blackburn 's former BBC colleagues caught up in the historic sex abuse scandal at the Corporation . He made the boasts in his 2007 autobiography Poptastic ! My Life in Radio in which he said he had slept with 250 women -- a number which he then doubled five years later in a magazine interview . The father-of-two , who was born in Surrey and brought up in Bournemouth by his nurse mother and GP father , now admitted : ` It was tacky , it was unnecessary and I wish I had n't done it . ' It only happened , he maintains , as his autobiography 's ghost-writer said they needed a bit more sex , given the lack of drugs and ` rock n roll ' . Blackburn says lessons need to be learned after his friend and colleague Paul Gambaccini -LRB- pictured -RRB- had charges against him dropped . ` I was quite open about it - I do n't see anything wrong , and I never have , if two consenting adults make love that 's their business , providing it is all above board . ` I was n't that bad , I just had a really good time - but I wish I had n't written about it quite so honestly as it hurt my mum and dad . It really was n't clever . ' Blackburn married Robin 's Nest actress Tessa Wyatt , mother of his advertising executive son Simon , when he was 30 but she left him after four years when she discovered he had had an affair . He remarried in 1992 , this time time to Debra , a theatrical agent 17 years his junior , and mother to his 18-year-old daughter Victoria , and the family live together in Hertfordshire . This time he has remained faithful and admits that when he discovered his calls had been intercepted during the phone hacking scandal , he was n't fazed . ` When all the phone hacking started I was called by the police who told me my phone had been hacked , ' he said . ` And I thought `` Well , fine . That must have been boring . '' It did n't bother me as there was nothing to hide . So I never pursued it . ' Three years ago he had to undergo laser eye surgery after he suffered a detached retina when he was mugged by three thugs who tried to steal his mobile phone as he left the BBC . ` It was like being descended on by a pack of wolves , ' he said . ` They knocked me to the ground , but I managed to get at them with my umbrella and I did chase after them even though I had blood pouring down the side of my face . ` I was on the phone to my wife at the time so she heard it all . It was pretty horrible . ` I did report it to the police , but what could they do ? It did shake me . My producer said `` they must have really hated your music '' . ' He has also recently started wearing a hearing aid to correct the creeping hearing loss after spending the last 50 years wearing headphones blasting music into his ears . ` You can barely see it , it fits snugly in your ear and there 's just this little clear wire . And they do n't whistle . They 're pretty amazing . Wearing one just sharpens everything up a bit . They 're fantastic little things . '