Arsene Wenger has told Manchester City not to waste their time in trying to sign Jack Wilshere . The Etihad Stadium club are interested in Wilshere as they look to increase their homegrown quota ahead of next season . But Wenger insisted Wilshere will not be be leaving the Gunners . ` You can imagine my answer , we are not in a position where we have to sell our best players , ' said Wenger . Jack Wilshere , pictured in action for Arsenal 's Under 21s this week , is being courted by Manchester City . The England international was in the stands for Arsenal 's Premier League win against Liverpool . Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta and injury-prone Abou Diaby are in line to feature against Burnley on Saturday . Wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of Saturday 's clash at Burnley with Wilshere , Mathieu Debuchy , Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection after long-term injuries . But Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury sustained in Arsenal 's 4-1 demolition of Liverpool . Wilshere has been out of action since November following two operations on an ankle injury he suffered in his side 's defeat against Manchester United . The 23-year-old faces a raft on in-form players blocking his path back into the first team , and when asked on when he would return to the starting XI , Wenger said : ` That depends on the game , on fitness , on availability and the need of the team . Mathieu Debuchy , who has been out since January , is available for selection for the trip to Turf Moor . Olivier Giroud is pictured scoring in Arsenal 's 4-1 victory against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium . The France international is in fine form ; he has scored in six consecutive Premier League matches . ` Everybody is rated exactly the same and you respect everybody and want everybody to just contribute to the team . ` Everybody can have a big impact until the end of the season , Jack included . ` Every player who does n't play is very frustrated when he can not perform - -LRB- Abou -RRB- Diaby has been out for a year , -LRB- Theo -RRB- Walcott has been out for a year . ` Wilshere has played many games this year , he was out , but not for as long as Walcott or Diaby . ' Arsenal have moved into second in the Premier League following a run seven straight wins . They are seven points adrift of leaders Chelsea and host Jose Mourinho 's men at the Emirates later this month . ` They have a difficult schedule , ' said Wenger of the league leaders . ` What we can only do is master our own schedule . ` What we want is to go as high as we can until the end of the season , give our best and we are also in the semi-final of the FA Cup . We are at an important moment of the Premier League season and it is a period where you show your quality by focusing on the next game and maintain the quality . '