Andy Murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday . The world No 3 posted on Twitter a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers , displaying his various plans for the day . From the tweet its clear Murray expects a day featuring plenty of laughter , romance , alcohol and even dancing . Andy Murray is delighted after some Snooker with friends Ross Hutchins -LRB- left -RRB- and Jamie Delgado -LRB- centre -RRB- . The world No 3 posted this humorous Tweet in 'em ojis ' on the morning of his wedding day in Dunblane . Murray 's friend and fellow tennis player Jamie Delgado also tweeted how the Scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption on a Twitter selfie : ` pre wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who ? @andy_murray @RoscoHutchins @JohnnyDelgado . ' The final preparations for the wedding in Dunblane 's Cathedral on Saturday afternoon are underway after the happy couple visited the venue on Friday to run through rehearsals . The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open and announced their engagement last November . Here is Andy Murray 's wedding day tweet in emoticons broken down to the individual 'em ojis ' However Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season . The 27-year-old , who reached the Miami Masters final on Sunday before eventually losing to Novak Djokovic , will also take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman in Spain . The possible appointment of Bjorkman , the former world singles No 4 and doubles No 1 , has taken on greater significance since his coach Amelie Mauresmo announced she is pregnant . Preparations are well underway at the Cathedral in Dunblane for the Scot 's big day . Fans and members of the public have been lining the streets of Dunblane to congratulate Murray . Members of the public have weathered torrid conditions to queue up outside the venue in Dunblane . Crowds have been building all Saturday outside the Cathedral in Andy Murray 's hometown of Dunblane . Murray and Kim Sears leave Dunblane Cathedral together ahead of their last night of being single on Friday . Andy Murray celebrates taking a set against Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday . Murray had to settle for the runner 's - up trophy in Miami , losing to World No 1 Novak Djokovic in three sets . Andy Murray looked understandably nervous as he arrived for his wedding rehearsal on Friday . Fiancee Kim Sears appeared at the rehearsal in Dunblane alongside friends and family . The pair will be married in Murray 's hometown Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday afternoon . Local businesses have been getting ready to join in the celebrations of their returning hero . Murray has a golden postbox in his hometown after winning gold at the 2012 London Olympics .