SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today hit back at claims from Tory former Prime Minister Sir John Major that she poses a ` real and present danger ' to the UK . In a speech today , Sir John claimed the SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster after the election to foster division and further their dream of the break up of the 300-year-old Union . And he mocked Ms Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a Labour government , when she is ` not even bothering ' to stand as an MP herself . Scroll down for video . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon was mocked by ex-PM Sir John Major over her demand to play a role in proper up a Labour government , when she is ` not even bothering ' to stand as an MP herself . Sir John said that he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to Scotland would make independence more , not less , likely . Labour had argued it would ` kill independence stone dead ' but instead it ` fanned the flame ' which lead to the referendum which left the Union ` battered ' but intact . ` Now , it is at risk again , ' he said . Labour 's only route back to power is in hock to smaller , left wing parties , he said , leading to ` more borrowing , more spending , an end to welfare reform , and far more people dragged into higher tax brackets ' . Welsh nationalists Plaid Cymru would demand more money for Wales while the ` worthy ' Green party 's economic plan is ` a recipe for economic self-harm ' . He warned of ` mayhem ' if the SNP holds the balance of power , with a weak Labour government open to a ` daily dose of blackmail ' to secure the support of the nationalists in Commons votes . The SNP would use its role in Westminster to bolster support ahead of next year 's Scottish Parliament elections , when it will put independence back on the agenda , Sir John said . The Tories hope to capitalise on a damning poll which shows more than half of British voters want Ms Sturgeon and her party to play no part in the next government . ` The SNP is a real and present danger to our future , ' Sir John said . ` They will pit Scotland against England . That could be disastrous to the people of Scotland -- and fatal to the UK as a whole . ' But Ms Sturgeon branded his comments ` an affront to democracy ' . Addressing the Scottish Trades Union Congress in Ayr , she said that SNP MPs at Westminster could ` vigorously and loudly ' support a future Labour government in some areas . The SNP leader added : ` John Major 's comments are silly , over the top and frankly they do n't show him in a particularly good light . ` I want the SNP to go to Westminster to make Scotland 's voice heard and also to be a voice for better politics , for the kind of politics that stands in opposition to Tory policies of austerity and undermining public services and pushing more people into poverty . ` I can understand why that message of standing up for ordinary people not just in Scotland but across the UK might offend John Major as an ex-Tory prime minister , but I think it 's a message that will continue to win support right across Scotland . ' The former Prime Minister sought to contrast the ` social division ' he said was sown up Labour 's politics with the economic competence and ` strongly beating heart ' he said typifies the Tories . Nicola Sturgeon is threatening to break up the UK without even ` bothering ' to stand for election to Westminster , Sir John Major said today . In a personal attack on the SNP leader , Sir John cast doubt on the legitimacy of a party which only stands in one part of the country setting the direction of the national government . ` They are part of the United Kingdom and so of course they have got the right to have a degree of legitimacy , ' he said . But he accused Ms Sturgeon of plotting the break-up of the Union from Edinburgh . ` What I 'm saying is I do n't think the SNP party , whose leader is not even bothering to run for the Westminster election , are behaving in a way that is in the interest of the United Kingdom , by seeking policies that will break Scotland away from the United Kingdom . ` And they emphatically will not deny that separatism is their aim . ' After last year 's vote saw 55 per cent of Scots reject the idea of separation , nationalists insisted the issue was settled for a generation . But Ms Sturgeon has since left the door open to a second referendum before 2020 . Sir John said the SNP would ` manufacture grievance ' to make a Yes vote more likely any future referendum . ` They will ask for the impossible and create merry hell if it is denied . The nightmare of a broken United Kingdom has not gone away . ` The separation debate is not over . The SNP is determined to prise apart the United Kingdom . ' Ms Sturgeon yesterday unveiled an anti-austerity manifesto setting out her price for propping up a weak Labour government , including higher spending fuelled by more borrowing . Polls continue to show up to half of Scots are planning to back the SNP , robbing Labour of dozens of seats and depriving Mr Miliband of hopes of a majority . Mr Miliband and Ms Sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet . But they have left open the possibility of the SNP supporting a Labour government on a vote-by-vote basis , raising the prospect of Mr Miliband being forced to bow to their demands to get any legislation through . Sir John warned that this will leave the country open to a ` daily dose of blackmail ' as the SNP makes fresh demands in return for supporting Labour in Commons votes . ` If Labour were to accept an offer of support from the SNP , it could put the country on course to a government held to ransom on a vote-by-vote basis , ' Sir John said . ` Labour would be in hock to a party that - slowly but surely - will push them ever further to the left . And who would pay the price for this ? We all would . We would all pay for the SNP 's ransom in our daily lives - through higher taxes , fewer jobs , and more and more debt . ` This is a recipe for mayhem . At the very moment our country needs a strong and stable government , we risk a weak and unstable one - pushed to the left by its allies , and open to a daily dose of political blackmail . ' And Labour 's Alistair Darling , who led the No campaign against Scottish independence , said the Tories were ` flirting with English nationalism ' in a ` desperate ' way which could lead to another period of divisive wrangling over Scotland 's position . Labour leader Ed Miliband accused the Conservatives and David Cameron of ` talking up ' the SNP in the hope that the nationalists will win seats from Labour north of the border and allow him to ` crawl back ' into 10 Downing Street . A poll showed just 22 per cent of voters across the UK back the idea of Ms Sturgeon playing a role in the UK government , with 54 per cent opposed . The SNP has already suggested that it will be ` entitled to vote against any bit of legislation ' and ` any bit of spending ' it does not agree with . It means that for Labour to pass new laws or agree to spending in England , Wales or Northern Ireland they would have to strike a deal with the SNP . Much of the SNP manifesto appeared designed to demonstrate common ground with Labour , promising to scrap the bedroom tax , reverse NHS reforms , increase the minimum wage and tackle energy bills . But in key areas it went much further , threatening to drag Labour further to the left to make the party ` bolder and better ' . It included scrapping the Trident nuclear deterrent , ending austerity and embarking on a £ 140billion spending spree . In a series of co-ordinated Conservative attacks , David Cameron warned a Labour-SNP deal would be a ` match made in hell ' for the British economy . London Mayor Boris Johnson said allowing Scottish nationalists to preside of the UK government would be like getting ` Herod to run a baby farm ' . But some Tories fear the attacks could backfire . Lord Forsyth - who served as Scottish secretary in Sir John 's government - warned that building up the SNP to undermine support for Labour in England could ultimately damage the Union . ` We 've had the dilemma for Conservatives , which is they want to be the largest party at Westminster and therefore some see the fact that the nationalists are going to take seats in Scotland will be helpful , ' he told the Guardian . ` But that is a short-term and dangerous view which threatens the integrity of our country . ' Ms Sturgeon has made clear that in the event of a hung parliament she will be in London on May 8 to take charge of talks with Labour . ` I am the leader of the party , I would lead those discussions if we 're in that scenario . ' she said yesterday . However , just 22 per cent of voters across the UK back the idea of Ms Sturgeon playing a role in the UK government , with 54 per cent opposed . It makes the SNP by far the least popular potential coalition partner . Pollsters ComRes said older British adults were the most likely to be opposed to SNP influence . A survey for ITV News found an astonishing 71 per cent of those aged 65 and over want to lock Ms Sturgeon out of power , compared to 44 per cent of 18 to 24-year-olds . Amid fears of a backlash south of the border , Ms Sturgeon claimed she was offering the ` genuine hand of friendship ' to the rest of the UK . She said : ` The SNP is n't going to Westminster to seek to bring down governments or block budgets . We 're going to Westminster to build an alliance for good , positive , progressive , sensible change . '