Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans -- including a prominent former Labour supporter . By last night , a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ` change in course ' . Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe , the founder of Yo ! Sushi and a former Labour backer . Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans -- including prominent former Labour supporter Simon Woodroffe , the founder of Yo ! Sushi . Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTSE-250 index . Adding their names were Philip Aiken , the chairman of construction giant Balfour Beatty , Dr Tom Enders , boss of Airbus , and Simon Litherland , head of drinks group Britvic . All have signed in a personal capacity . The announcement of the new names will heap pressure on Labour , which has struggled to come forward with notable numbers of business supporters . Once a former prominent Labour supporter , Mr Woodroffe appears to have turned his back on the party despite appearing in a 2004 political broadcast . Earlier this year , he warned that Labour 's approach to business ` scares ' him . He told BBC Newsnight : ` What I worry about with Ed Miliband is that he is appealing to the popular by saying , `` look at all these fat cats '' making lots of money it should be for the workers . ' ` Actually , I think the fat cats generally , sometimes it annoys me , but they pay their taxes , you know . ' By last night , a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ` change in course ' The letter backs the lowering of corporation tax by David Cameron and George Osborne as it shows the UK is ` open for business ' The letter states that the signatories believe the Conservative-led government ` has been good for business and pursued policies which have supported investment and job creation ' . They praise the cuts in corporation tax to 20 per cent , which they say is a ` key part ' of the Tory economic plan . They add : ` We believe a change in course will threaten jobs and deter investment . This would send a negative message about Britain and put the recovery at risk . ' When the letter was first published in a newspaper last week it sent shockwaves through the election campaign . Labour attempted to respond by positioning itself as the party of workers . It announced plans to ban 90 per cent of zero hours contracts and make it easier for staff to sue their bosses for wrongful dismissal . A poll of FTSE-100 chairman at the weekend showed seven out of ten think Mr Miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for Britain . The anonymous poll , published by the Sunday Times , showed widespread concern by businesses about Labour 's economic plans .