The sheriff who had former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez in custody for more than 18 months said Tuesday that he 's a master manipulator and will probably do fine in prison now that he has been sentenced to life for murder . Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen , adding that the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the Bristol County House of Corrections . ` He would make every effort to get extra sandwiches , ' Hodgson said . ` He would just try to convince the officers to give him more than what they otherwise could get . ' Scroll down for video . Former New England Patriots NFL football player Aaron Hernandez during his trial for murder -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Staff members were directed to treat Hernandez like any other inmate , Hodgson said . Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison . A lawyer for Hernandez did not immediately return messages seeking comment on the sheriff 's remarks . After the verdict was delivered , staff from Bristol County brought Hernandez to a state prison not far from Gillette Stadium , where Hernandez used to play football in front of tens of thousands of cheering fans . There , he told them , ` I 'll miss you guys , but they got it wrong , ' Hodgson said . ` He did n't really have much of a change in his demeanor . He pretty much still had a swagger in his step . ' Hodgson said the 25-year-old Hernandez has an ability to compartmentalize things and lock out the negative . ` He does n't really look at it as jail , ' Hodgson said . ` It 's more like training camp . ' Hernandez got into trouble from time to time in jail in Bristol County . He was accused of threatening to kill a prison guard and his family , and he got into a fight with another inmate . Asked how he thinks Hernandez will do in prison , Hodgson said he thought he 'd be OK . ` He 'll probably do fine . He 'll be able to talk his way through everything , ' Hodgson said , adding that disrespect is a ` hot-button ' issue for Hernandez . ` If someone 's trying to outwardly and aggressively disrespect him , that could create a problem , ' said Hodgson . Hodgson said he had many conversations with Hernandez about his father , who died unexpectedly when Hernandez was 16 , with Hernandez telling him how his father commanded respect whenever he walked into a room . ` His father was a huge , huge influence in his life and really his anchor , ' Hodgson said . ` If you disrespected him , it 's like you disrespected his father . '