She embraced him , thanked him , held his hand and forgave him . Holocaust survivor Eva Kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this -- and now , at last , she was face to face with a former SS man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at Auschwitz . Oskar Groening looked startled at first , then smiled . He placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who , with her twin sister , was once the subject of Josef Mengele 's monstrous human experiments . Embrace : Seventy years after Auschwitz was liberated , Eva Kor embraces former Nazi guard Oskar Groening . Redemption : Holocaust survivor Kor takes the hand of Groening as he stands in the dock accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people . Auschwitz survivor Eva Kor has spoken of how infamous Josef Mengele stood over her bed and laughed after she was injected with a ` deadly germ ' Groening -LRB- pictured -RRB- described in chilling detail Wednesday how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . Groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials . The extraordinary moment of reconciliation took place as the 93-year-old former death camp clerk -- known as the Bookkeeper of Auschwitz -- prepared to listen to Mrs Kor 's evidence in a trial that could condemn him to die in jail . She claims Groening was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted . Mrs Kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness . ` Not only criticism , ' she said . ` They called me a traitor . ' But she explained : ` As long as we understand my forgiveness that the victim has a right to be free , you can not be free from what was done to you unless you remove from your shoulder the daily burden of pain and anger and forgive the Nazis -- not because they deserve it , but because I deserve it . ` When I talk to survivors , and I say why on earth does my forgiveness hurt you , they have no answers . I guess victims like to have more victims ; the bigger the crowd , the better . I do n't understand it . ` The victims , 70 years after liberation , with 300 others , they were all talking about their experience , falling apart -- `` poor me ... what have they done to me ? '' ` I do n't forget what they have done to me . But I am not a poor person -- I am a victorious woman who has been able to rise above the pain and forgive the Nazis . ' When she approached him before the hearing , she held her arms outstretched towards his -- and this most unlikely pair became locked in an embrace . Recovery : Miriam and Eva Kor as shown in a 1949 photo . Eva Kor and her twin sister Miriam were among the 1,500 twins -LRB- amounting to 3,000 children -RRB- Dr. Josef Mengele experimented on in Auschwitz . SS Sergeant Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp . Asked yesterday why she had hugged him , she said it had not been planned and added : ` I wanted to thank him for having some human decency in accepting responsibility for what he has done . ` I was always interested in meeting him face to face because I believe that there is a human interaction that I can not predict and no one else can predict . ' Mrs Kor later tweeted : ` I met Oskar Groening , introduced myself reached to shake his hand-he grabbed my arm & fainted-I screamed 4 help . It was a strange reaction !! ' She said Groening bore responsibility for helping to run the wartime concentration camp -- but urged him to spend his last days teaching others about the evil of Nazism . In a moving interview on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme she continued : ` He is 93 years old . Putting him in jail is absurd . But he can do some good ... ' Mrs Kor travelled more than 4,000 miles from home in Indiana , US , to the hearing in Luneburg , Germany . Groening was known as the ` Bookkeeper of Auschwitz ' because it was his responsibility to collate and ship the valuables of the doomed back to the SS in Berlin . Josef Mengele -LRB- 1911-1979 -RRB- , the notorious Nazi German physician , in an image taken from from Nazi Hunter : The Wiesenthal File , by Alan Levy . Her family had been among hundreds of thousands deported in cattle trucks from Hungary and Romania to death camps such as Auschwitz . Groening 's job at the camp was to collect and tally money stolen from the new arrivals and then send it to Berlin . He denies being an accessory to the murder of at least 300,000 Jews there but has begged forgiveness for what he called his ` moral guilt ' . It was at the camp that the ten-year-old Eva and her twin sister Miriam were singled out by Mengele for his grotesque genetic experiments . Being chosen ` did n't mean the person was assured a life ' , she said . ` It meant you were not immediately taken to the gas chamber . ' She told how she had to stay alive for the sake of her twin sister . She knew if she had died , it would effectively sentence her sister to death -- one twin without the other would have been useless for the experiments . Survivors from Auschwitz -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who are plaintiffs in the case , travelled from the United States , Canada , Hungary and elsewhere to attend Groening 's trial . Between May 16 and July 11 , 1944 , Groening was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival . Pictured , Auschwitz survivors . She said : ` She would have been killed immediately , and Mengele would have done comparative autopsies . So I spoiled their experiment . I survived . ' Mengele used 1,500 sets of twins in his experiments , and only an estimated 180 to 250 individuals survived . Mrs Kor described how she was injected with a ` deadly germ ' that she still can not identify . ` Mengele stood by my bed and was laughing sarcastically after reading my fever charts and saying I had only two weeks to live . For those following two weeks I have only one single memory : crawling on the barrack floor and trying to reach a faucet -LRB- tap -RRB- at the other end of the barrack for some water . ` As I was crawling and fading out of consciousness , I kept saying to myself , `` I must survive '' . And I did . ' Mrs Kor said she asked the defendant if he knew Mengele . ` He told me no . ' She also asked if he knew what happened to the files Mengele kept on the twins he subjected to experiments . Those files , she said , ` have disappeared from the face of the earth ' . She added : ` I still do n't know what was injected into my body , and I do n't know what was injected into my twin sister 's body , who died 20 years ago , nor into the bodies of any of the other twins . ' Appealing for any information about the files , she said Miriam 's kidney failed in 1987 and although she donated one of her own , Miriam subsequently died . ` I believe in this big world we have talked so much about human rights that I should have the human right to find out what they injected into me 70 years ago . ' Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is ` morally guilty ' but not directly responsible for any deaths .