Airline rivals Ryanair and Aer Lingus have locked horns once again on Twitter . In not-so-subtle posts on the social networking site , the two carriers reignited their feud by posting tweets concerning their operation at Dublin Airport . Ryanair , run by Michael O'Leary , shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2 , along with the words : ` Low Fares have come to @DublinAirport T2 at last . ` Fly from T1 for the lowest fares made simple . ' Ryanair took to Twitter for a cheeky promotional photo in Terminal 2 in Dublin - where Aer Lingus fly out from . In response to Ryanair 's post , Aer Lingus had a dig at where Ryanair fly their passengers out too . Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport , whereas Aer Lingus flies from Terminal 2 , so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival 's expense . However , without directly responding to the sly dig , Aer Lingus responded in fine form . Ireland 's national airline tweeted : ` Fly from T2 at @DublinAirport to central locations across Europe . T1 gets you nearly there , we get you really there . ' The words appear to be a reaction to Terminal 1-based Ryanair often using smaller and former military bases throughout Europe , often away from the central point of the destination city . Ryanair have been accused by rivals Aer LIngus of getting their customers ` nearly ' to central locations . This is n't the first time the two have taken to Twitter to engage in some light-hearted banter . Back in January a row erupted when Aer Lingus tweeted photos and claimed one of its planes was featured in the background of an online advert for Ryanair 's ` business plus ' service . With a smiley face emoticon for good measure , Aer Lingus gleefully wrote to its 89,000 followers : ` Epic #photobomb by EI-DVM on Ryanair 's website ! Even they know we 're Best for Business ' . Aer Lingus took to Twitter to point out that Ryanair had used an Aer Lingus plane on some of its promotional material . Aer Lingus ' attempt to publicly embarrass Ryanair did n't sit well with its low-cost rival . Ryanair responded with an affront of its own : ` Even @AerLingus is talking about @Ryanair Business Plus . FYI , he 's smiling cos he saved a fortune & avoided another late @AerLingus arrival ! ' As their Twitter followers weighed in and encouraged more banter , the Dublin-based airlines traded a few more tweets before calling it quits . Ryanair , in typical fashion , responded to Aer Lingus ' post as only they would . The UK Court of Appeal is set to rule Ryanair 's 29.82 per cent stake in Aer Lingus . Ryanair is the largest individual shareholder and it is set to find out if it will be forced to comply with competition regulators and sell down to no more than five per cent . Ryanair has predicted British Airways-owner IAG will return with another tilt at Aer Lingus as soon as this week . The budget airline said it is ` actively ' seeking a buyer for its stake in Aer Lingus , which it has to sell due to competition requirements , and expects IAG to make a third offer to the group imminently . Aer Lingus and Ryanair have often taken to social networking for subtle digs at each other .