Raheem Sterling may hold all the cards in his contract dispute with Liverpool , but he needs to focus on his football rather than his pay-packet , according to former QPR boss Harry Redknapp . Redknapp insisted that Sterling is not ready to move to the likes of Real Madrid at this stage of his career , so should stay at the club who have helped him develop so far . However , the 68-year-old also conceded that , if he wants to force a move , there is very little Liverpool can do to stop him . Raheem Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract according to Harry Redknapp . Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . ` Sterling is not going to go to Real Madrid at the moment I would n't think , so where could he go better in England ? ' said Redknapp while working as a pundit for BT Sport . ` I think he 's at a great club , he 's working under a manger who obviously works hard with him on the training ground , eh 's improved him . I think he needs to sign his contract and get on with his football . ` It 's very hard to keep players who really make up their mind they want to leave . ' ` When they want to go , they 've got all the power . If he decides to down tools , they 've got a problem . ' The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . Brendan Rodgers insists that his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever despite the disputes . Harry Redknapp made the comments while working as a pundit for BT Sport on Saturday . The last Liverpool player to run down his contract and leave for Real Madrid , Steve McManaman , branded Sterling 's behaviour ` ridiculous ' and ` baffling ' and suggested the player has been poorly advised . ` I think it 's ridiculous and you have to remember he 's only a 20-year-old boy , starting off his career , ' said McManaman . The people who are trying to guide him through his life have been ill-informed really . He 's now put himself under a huge amount of pressure , and he should n't have . Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £ 100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool . ` You do n't want to discuss your contract and leave it to the end of the season . Do n't go and do an interview talking about your contract . It 's baffling , absolutely baffling . ' ` I think he wants to stay at Liverpool it 's just about getting the best deal off the club . You ca n't just play great football for one year and suddenly think you 're the best player in the world . '