Roman Abramovich has never spoken in public since buying Chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will . So the nearest to that happening could be a landmark event at Stamford Bridge next month . Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator . She is also Abramovich 's day-to-day link with his football team . She is confirmed to speak -- at least according to the organisers -- for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the Leaders brand on May 21 . Marina Granovskaia poses with Eden Hazard as the Chelsea playmaker signs his new contract in February . Roman Abramovich has never spoken in public since buying Chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will . Granovskaia is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge , her first public appearance . Granovskaia , who sold David Luiz for a remarkable £ 50million , is understood to regard the occasion as an appropriate platform to reveal more about her work in sport , although Chelsea said last night that her appearance is ` still under discussion ' . The club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from their hierarchy following the departure last October of CEO Ron Gourlay , whom Granovskaia has effectively replaced . She has worked for Abramovich since graduating from Moscow State University in 1997 . Her hard negotiating style is such that she allegedly told captain John Terry to ` take it or f ****** leave it ' before he signed his one-year contract extension . Chelsea deny that the Terry exchange took place , describing it as an ` urban myth ' . Granovskaia sold defender David Luiz for a remarkable £ 50million last summer to Paris Saint-Germain . She allegedly told captain John Terry to ` take it or f ****** leave it ' over a contract extension that he signed . The ridiculous saga of Greg Dyke 's £ 16,400 Parmigiani watch was finally concluded on Tuesday when the adjudicatory chamber of FIFA 's ethics committee closed fanciful proceedings against Dyke after the watch was returned to Zurich . Dyke , who received it as a gift from the Brazilian football federation at the FIFA Congress in Sao Paulo 10 months ago , had wanted to donate the proceeds from its sale to the FA cancer charity . But after months of legal wrangling , Breast Cancer Care gave the watch back . No wonder the Garcia report into World Cup bid corruption is still under wraps when FIFA spend nearly a year dealing with utter irrelevancies . FIFA 's ethics committee closed proceedings against Greg Dyke after a £ 16,400 watch was returned to Zurich . Graeme Swann has shown his upset at having his F-type Jaguar stolen in Nottingham by asking nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if it is seen . Two-Jags Swann , who also had an XKR in the garage when he was an England player , did extra promotional work with Jimmy Anderson to qualify for the F-type . However , there will not be such a clamour for cars next season with Toyota due to replace Jaguar as England 's car providers . Graeme Swann has asked nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if his F-type Jaguar is seen . Channel 4 have escaped remarkably lightly from their mighty blunder by missing the start of the 2.40 race on the all-weather championship card at Lingfield on Good Friday because they were on a commercial ad break . A forgiving spokesman for sponsors 32Red , one of racing 's biggest backers , said : ` It is obviously very unfortunate but it is an isolated incident and should be viewed in that light . ' Plenty of other sponsors would be demanding that heads roll for such an error -- and they might if C4 muck up the Grand National . C4 say IMG 's production team were short-staffed at Lingfield . Channel 4 have escaped lightly from their mighty blunder by missing the start of the 2.40 race at Lingfield . AINTREE 'S DOUBLE GAFFE . Aintree have scored two PR own goals in the build-up to Saturday 's Grand National . First Aintree managing director John Baker tried to ban pictures of women behaving badly or dressed inappropriately on Ladies ' Day by threatening to take away accreditation from the photographers responsible , even though images add to the charm of the occasion . Yet , at the same time , the race was promoted with a C4 special of My Big Fat Gypsy Grand National , which included a hen party at Aintree . The travellers called the crowd ` tramps ' and one of them named Danielle added : ` I thought the Grand National was a posh event . I 've seen girls literally bouncing off the ground . ' Stars of My Big Fat Gypsy Grand National pose for a photo during their hen party at Aintree . The three challengers to Sepp Blatter for the FIFA presidency , Prince Ali of Jordan , Michael van Praag and Luis Figo , are all expected to speak at the Soccerex conference in Jordan next month . But the trio 's bids look doomed after Blatter was pledged all 54 votes from the African Football Congress on Tuesday . President Issa Hayatou told Blatter : ` Africa is comfortable having you , Africa stays with you . ' Sepp Blatter was pledged all 54 votes from the African Football Congress on Tuesday in a blow to his rivals .