Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage . The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft , and found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft 's belly . This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 . Scroll down for video . Police also caught baggage handlers at Miami International Airport -LRB- above -RRB- stealing from passenger luggage after installing a hidden camera . A baggage handler -LRB- above -RRB- at JFK Airport in New York was also caught on camera going through a passenger 's wallet . CNN reports that 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012 , including six this year . Incidents of theft at that airport are far less however that New York 's John F. Kennedy , which has more claims of lost property that anywhere else in the country . In 2013 , El Al Airlines set up a hidden camera at that airport , and found workers stealing cash , jewelry , iPhones and iPads , which led to six arrests . Across the country in Los Angeles , 16 airport workers were fired last year after police obtained search warrants for their homes following a increase in reported thefts at the terminal where they were employed . ` We cut theft in those two terminals by 60 % because of doing that aggressive investigative work , ' said Patrick Gannon , the police chief at that airport . Overall , there have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most of these coming from checked luggage . Of those claims , 2,493 occurred at John F. Kennedy International Airport . Airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 -LRB- above a JFK employee -RRB- . Most shocking however may be how easy it is for airport employees to steal , with only Orlando and Miami screening employees through metal detectors as they arrive at work and only Miami screening them when they leave . Since 2002 , the TSA has fired 513 workers for theft , though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges . Gannon believes that theft is not the only problem either , as it could lead to bigger threats in the nation 's airports . ` I absolutely think that if we do n't pay attention to the small things that happen around here , that it could lead to much larger things . So there is , I believe , a connection between baggage theft and terrorism . '