The Emirates Airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world . On Tuesday , Sportsmail revealed that the Dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the FA Cup which would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup . The £ 30million three-year deal would add to Emirates ' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship . Here , Sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table . Arsenal won last season 's FA Cup competition , which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup . EMIRATES ' SPORT PORTFOLIO . FOOTBALL . Arsenal and the Emirates Stadium . Deal worth : £ 150million . Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £ 100million with the Dubai-based international airline . The agreement provided Emirates with naming rights to Arsenal 's 60,000 seat stadium and a place on the club 's shirt as the slogan ` Fly Emirates ' took over from Arsenal 's previous sponsors O2 in an eight-year deal starting from the 2006-07 Premier League season . In December 2012 , a new £ 150m deal was agreed , keeping the partnership together until the end of the 2018-19 season . Arsenal 's new home was named the Emirates Stadium after a big-money deal in 2004 . The £ 100million agreement provided Emirates with naming rights to Arsenal 's 60,000 seat stadium . The Emirates Cup . The pre-season friendly tournament began in 2007 and is hosted at Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium . During that time , teams such as Real Madrid , Inter Milan and Juventus graced the turf to take part in two friendly matches each in a bid to win the tournament . The Emirates Cup is broadcast by BT Sport in the UK as well as in a number of countries across the globe , maximising coverage for the airline . Arsenal Soccer Schools , Dubai . A joint venture between Emirates and Arsenal , the Dubai soccer schools were established in 2009 and are sponsored by the airline . They are open to boys and girls of all ages and take place at the Emirates ' owned 7he Sevens sporting venue . Alexis Sanchez -LRB- left -RRB- in action during an Emirates Cup clash between Arsenal and Monaco in August . AC Milan . Deal worth : £ 80m . Emirates stretched their influence to Italian football in 2010 after sealing a £ 52m four-year deal with giants AC Milan . In 2014 , the Serie A side renewed the big-money deal with the famous airline , stretching their sponsorship until the 2019-20 season . Th new five-year deal was reportedly worth around £ 80m , while the new agreement also includes branding around Milan 's San Siro Stadium , sponsorship of the club 's youth team and additional marketing rights . Emirates stretched their influence to Italian football in 2010 after sealing a £ 52m four-year deal with AC Milan . Hamburg . Deal worth : £ 17m . Hamburg 's relationship with Emirates began in 2006 after the Bundesliga outfit agreed a three-year deal worth £ 11m . In February 2012 , the deal was renewed for a further three years with an option to extend the partnership through to 2016 . The reported £ 5m-a-year deal sees the Emirates brand printed on the club shirts as well as dotted around Hamburg 's Imtech Arena . Bundesliga outfit Hamburg have been in partnership with Emirates since 2006 . New York Cosmos . Deal worth : £ 5m . The New York Cosmos joined the likes of Arsenal and Real Madrid by signing a deal with the fast-growing airline in 2013 . The Emirates logo adorns the famous green and white shirts once worn by Brazilian legend Pele and will do until at least 2018 after a two-year extension was agreed last year . The Cosmos have reportedly been earning around £ 1million-a-year from the deal . NY Cosmos honourary president Pele -LRB- second right -RRB- with the shirt after the club agree a deal with Emirates . Paris Saint-Germain . Deal worth : £ 90m . PSG players have worn the Emirates brand since 2006 when the shirt sponsorship officially began for a relatively small fee of £ 3.5m-per-year . Following the French club 's recent successes , a new deal estimated to be worth around £ 18m-per-season was drawn up taking their partnership with Emirates to 2018 . According to media reports , the £ 90m agreement means PSG 's deal is significantly below the more lucrative shirt sponsorship deals in the Premier League . Edinson Cavani celebrates in PSG 's ` Fly Emirates ' sponsored shirt , which has been in place since 2006 . Real Madrid . Deal worth : £ 105m . In 2013 , Emirates secured the signatures of one of the world 's biggest football clubs by agreeing a five-year shirt sponsorship deal with Real Madrid . No official figures were released for the sponsorship deal which is reported to be worth up to 21m-a-year . The airline deal brought Madrid closer to arch-rivals Barcelona who have a shirt sponsorship agreement with the Qatar Foundation worth around £ 20m-a-season until 2016 . Cristiano Ronaldo 's Real Madrid signed sealed a lucrative deal with Emirates in 2013 . Asian Football Confederation . Emirates first became the official sponsor for the Asian Football Confederation in 2002 . Zain Saudi Professional League -LRB- Saudi Arabia -RRB- . In 2011 , Emirates signed a three-and-a-half year sponsorship agreement with the Saudi Arabia top-flight which saw the airline 's branding throughout all Zain Saudi League 's stadia . RUGBY . USA Rugby . Rugby World Cup -LRB- 2015 and 2019 -RRB- . Sevens World Series . IRB Referees and Match Officials . HORSE RACING . Godolphin . Dubai World Cup Carnival . Melbourne Cup Carnival . Dubai World Cup . Emirates Melbourne Cup . Emirates Singapore Derby . FORMULA ONE . 15 races each season . CRICKET . Durham CCC . Lancashire CCC . Cricket World Cup . ICC . Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Umpires . AUSSIE RULES FOOTBALL . Collingwood FC . TENNIS . French Open . US Open . US Open Series . Dubai Tennis Championships . Rogers Cup . BNP Paribas Open . Internazionali BNL d'Italia . ATP World Tour . Barcelona Open . GOLF . Hong Kong Open . DP World Tour Championship . BMW International Open . WGC-HSBC Champions . Australian Open . Australian PGA Championship . Lyoness Open . Maybank Malaysian Open . Alstom Open de France . Irish Open . Boeing Classic .