Liverpool must stick with manager Brendan Rodgers as he is the right man to take the club forward , believes former Reds ' striker Stan Collymore . Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season with the Anfield outfit - which has led to some unhappy fans calling for his dismissal . Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy , but that is the unwanted fate that will meet the 42-year-old at the end of this term . Liverpool must keep faith with under-fire manager Brendan Rodgers , believes ex-Kop striker Stan Collymore . The Reds ' FA Cup semi-final exit against Aston Villa on Sunday followed defeat at the same stage of the Capital One Cup by Chelsea . A season of false hope was compounded further as the club failed to progress past the Champions League group stages and were then dumped out of the Europa League on penalties . To make for a gloomier outlook , the Merseysiders ' hopes of a top four spot seem remote - as they trail fourth-placed Manchester City by seven points with six games remaining . Liverpool 's fortunes are in stark contrast to last season when they came agonisingly close to being crowned champions of England for the first time since 1990 . And speaking on TalkSPORT , Collymore is adamant that Rodgers is still the correct figure to make the Reds a force to be reckoned with once more . ` I believe Liverpool should have patience with Brendan Rodgers , ' the Kick Off host said . Rodgers -LRB- right -RRB- saw his team dumped out of the FA Cup semi-finals by Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday . ` The reasons are quite simple : He is a very good coach , he has a proven track record - going back to Chelsea under Jose Mourinho - of promoting youth , developing youth and giving them an opportunity . ` What he did n't have , having been at two smaller clubs in Swansea City and Reading , is a track record of spending big money , which he needs to do to take Liverpool onto the next level . ` But , he took Liverpool to two semi-finals this season and they were within a whisker of winning the Premier League title for the first time ever last season . ` So , for me , Brendan Rodgers is the right man . ' Fabian Delph -LRB- centre -RRB- scored the matchwinning goal as Villa condemned Liverpool to a 2-1 defeat on Sunday .