It 's a dilemma many of us have faced - whether to call in sick to the office when you wake up feeling under the weather , or brave heading in and spreading your germs . However , for one man - whose company requires a sick note even for a single day off - he handed his bosses more than just the usual doctor 's letter . The unnamed worker , from Alberta , Canada , instead came armed with with a scathing note from his GP , giving the firm - believed to be Pizza Hut - a ticking off for its office policy ` wasting his time ' . A man said to be an employee of Pizza Hut shared his doctor 's sicknote with a friend , who posted it on Reddit . A friend of the employee posted the letter on Reddit under the title , ` my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick ' , and it has now be shared thousands of time online . Clearly annoyed at having their time ` wasted ' writing sick notes for common colds , the unnamed Canadian doctor opens the letter praising their patient for ` sensibly staying home from work ' . The GP writes that the patient , ` has had , by their own report , a cold today and sensibly stayed home from work rather than spreading this to his colleagues/customers . ` I have no test for the common cold and therefore believe him/her , however you feel his time and mine should be wasted by making him sit in the walk in clinic for hours and me spending time writing a sick note that I could be spending on people who genuinely need my attention . ` Please reconsider your policy on this - there are surely better ways of wasting your tax dollars . ' The note posted on the social media site has had 4,340 comments and the poster , who goes by the name eaglel66 only reveals that the employee is a friend of his . Employers sick policies vary around the world but this doctors ' note sparked a lively debate on Reddit . Commenters were outraged , with one posting : ` I 'm sorry , but any workplace that requires a note for sickness is ridiculous . We 're grown a ** people . ' But some Redditors defended the doctor 's note system . One commenter , dyakies wrote : ` I 'm a waitress and I have to provide a doctor 's note . I get people abuse the system but I 'M DEALING WITH FOOD AND THE PUBLIC . ' Although one , more cynical , person added : ` Is your friend `` sick '' a lot ? I never required any documentation , until I noticed one of my guys has `` allergies '' mostly on Mondays . ' On Imgur , JohnnieTheShrubber wrote : ` Does he also have to raise his hand to use the loo ? '