John Carver says he would walk away from Newcastle United if the club 's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment . Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley 's running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition . Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies and , in the wake of Sunday ' s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland , the owner , head coach and players have come in for strong criticism . John Carver would walk away from Newcastle if the club 's hierarchy had not given him reassurances . Fans are threatening to boycott the next home game in protest at Mike Ashley 's running of the club . But Carver said : ` I can understand that their -LRB- fans -RRB- concern , but we 're already addressing it behind the scenes . ` Mike and Lee Charnley -LRB- managing director -RRB- know what they have to do . And I 'm telling you now , if I was sitting here and I thought they were giving me lip service I would say `` thanks very much , I 'm off - I 'm walking away from this '' . ` If I did n't have enough belief in what they were trying to do and the promises that they 've said about the summer , then I would . But I 'm not because I know what they 're saying to me is right . They 've said that we need to bring players into this football club , first of all to boost the size of the squad , but also to improve the quality , to take us on . ` We ca n't stand still because other clubs are not standing still and they know that . We have to go with them . And if we do n't , you get left behind . ' He added : ` We 've had different managers but the same group of players -LRB- keep getting beat in derbies -RRB- . There is something in the DNA . Newcastle players train at the club 's training complex on Thursday ahead of Monday 's clash with Liverpool . Newcastle trio Moussa Sissoko , Vurnon Anita and Massaido Haidara take a breather during training . Ryan Taylor attemps to bend the ball around some dummies and hit the target during Thursday 's session . ` It 's something we need to look at . We struggle when we have to compete . We have talked about addressing that in the summer . ' Carver concedes that his side -- on the back of four straight defeats -- still need more than the 35 points they currently sit on to be assured of safety . They travel to Liverpool on Monday before entertaining Spurs a week on Sunday . And Carver has urged fans to get behind the team . ` Supporters go to work , pay their money and they 're entitled to do whatever they want to , ' he said in response to news of a proposed boycott . ` But we 're at the business end of the season now and I 'm pleading , `` get behind the team , give us your support , because it makes a difference '' . ` Especially the situation we 're in at the moment , we need as much help and support as we can get . ' Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to score the winner for Sunderland . Newcastle players look dejected following Sunday 's 1-0 defeat to rivals Sunderland at the Stadium of Light .