Celtic 's Treble dream died on Sunday with striker Leigh Griffiths pointing the finger of blame squarely at the officials after his side 's shock Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Inverness . A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team , particularly assistant Alan Muir , at the end of the first half with the Parkhead club left to rue the decision not to award a penalty and dispense a red card . A goal down at the time , Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time and the Celtic players could do little to hide their fury after the match . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a shot at goal during the Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness . Griffiths heads the ball , which is deflected clearly off the hand of Inverness ' Josh Meekings -LRB- left -RRB- on Sunday . Despite numerous appeals , no penalty or red card was given for Meekings ' handball and Inverness won . ` We have a lot of disappointed lads inside that dressing room -- we 've been robbed , ' said Griffiths who , more than an hour after the final whistle , was still struggling to contain his own disbelief and anger . ` It was very disappointing . We had a chance to go and make history . We did n't get the result in the end . ' Celtic were a Virgil van Dijk goal to the good at the time of the Meekings incident but the game was then turned on its head in the second half as Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off for a foul on Marley Watkins . Greg Tansey equalised with the resultant spot-kick and suddenly John Hughes ' men were in ascendancy . With the teams level at full-time , Edward Ofere and John Guidetti swapped goals in extra-time before David Raven grabbed a 117th-minute winner -- leaving the Highlanders jubilant and their opponents distraught . Parkhead manager Ronny Deila had insisted he need not say anything about the penalty incident . Scott Brown , meanwhile , stalked past with a face like thunder , lightning and Force 10 hurricane all rolled into one angry swirling mass , damned near taking the door off its hinges as he made a dramatic exit from the depths of the national stadium . ` I have asked the centre-half in the second half if it has hit his hand or his face - and he said it hit his hand 100 per cent , so in my book that 's a penalty and a red card , ' continued Griffiths . ` We have probably the best penalty taker in the league in Kris Commons , who I am sure would go and tuck it away to put us 2-0 up . They 'd have been down to 10 men and it would have been a mountain for them to come back . Celtic 's Aleksandar Tonev -LRB- centre -RRB- is challenged by Marley Watkins -LRB- left -RRB- and Edward Ofere -LRB- right -RRB- on Sunday . Celtic captain Scott Brown -LRB- left -RRB- has words with referee Steven McLean during the Scottish Cup semi-final . ` I knew it was a penalty . I think everyone in the ground knew it was a penalty . The second half has been very lucky . ` He is the one who said it hit him in the face -LRB- the additional assistant ref -RRB- . I asked the ref why he did n't give the penalty and he said the assistant behind the goal said it hit him in the face . I do n't know what angle he is looking from because everyone else could see it was a penalty . ` He said the referee behind the goal said it hit him in the face and there is nothing I can do about that now . It is a game-changing decision . ` When you have officials behind the goals , they need to be doing their job . If he thinks that 's him in on the face ... ? ` I do n't really want to say too much about the officials because I 'll end up in trouble . But it 's a massive , massive decision and it 's cost us the game . ` Everybody was so content that we were going to win the league , we already have a trophy -LRB- the League Cup -RRB- in the bag . Everyone was saying the Scottish Cup was practically a given . But we knew we had to come here and do a job - and it 's just unlucky that we never managed to get it done . ' Griffiths attempts an acrobatic shot at goal during the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday against Inverness . As much as Griffiths was nursing a personal grievance over being denied yet another Hampden semi-final goal , the former Hibs star felt for manager Deila , a man who has been so open about his desire to win a Treble -- and his belief in this team 's ability to do so . Celtic had made no bones about their determination to succeed where so many had failed , backing themselves to have the skill and strength to get the job done , whatever obstacles they might have to overcome . ` I think the gaffer is the most disappointed person out of everyone , ' said the Griffiths . ` He 'd only have been the third Celtic manager to have won a Treble . ` He would have made history and as players we would have become legends . But it ' s difficult to do that . I said it during the week that when you are that close to winning a Treble , the games get harder . Inverness stood in our way and did a job . ` Now we have to go again and pick ourselves up for the rest of the season . We have a massive game at Dens Park on Wednesday . Dundee will be up for it , we 've just played 120 minutes in a semi-final . We have three days and then we have to play Dundee at a difficult venue . But we need three points . ` This will fire us up . We are n't far away from clinching the league now . We have two hard games in the next week at Dens and Tannadice . If we go there and pick up three points from each , we will be in a real good position . ' From Treble to Double , just like that . Celtic will be weary on Wednesday , certainly . But Dundee should certainly beware some kind of angry backlash . And the Dens Park ground staff may want to reinforce some of the doors . Just in case Brown takes the storm with him . Celtic pair Tonev -LRB- left -RRB- and John Guidetti look dejected after their side drops out of the Cup on Sunday .