Fernando Torres has hailed manager Diego Simeone as the reason behind Atletico Madrid 's success ahead of their Champions League quarter-final meeting with Real Madrid . The reigning La Liga champions have surpassed expectations with the former Argentina midfielder in charge to become one of the most respected sides in Europe - where they reached last season 's Champions League final before losing to their city rivals . Since then , Atletico have not been beaten by Cristiano Ronaldo and Co in six matches with victories in this season 's Super Cup , King 's Cup and both league clashes . Fernando Torres trains at the Vicente Calderon ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League quarter-final . Manager Diego Simeone is reason behind Atletico Madrid 's recent success , insists Torres . Simeone speaks to his players ahead of their European showdown with city rivals Real Madrid . -LRB- L-R -RRB- Diego Godin , Arda Turan , Cristian Ansaldi , Antoine Griezmann join Torres in training . The former Chelsea misfit , who has scored four goals since returning to his former club , was quick the lay the credit for success at his manager 's door . ` It is his character as a player and as a coach that drives the team , ' Torres said . ` He knows we are a team that needs to know what we are about , our weaknesses and our strengths , but above all our weaknesses so we can then implement our qualities . Simeone 's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final . Atletico Madrid have exceeded most people 's expectations by competing with the likes of Real and Barcelona . Former Chelsea midfielder Tiago -LRB- left -RRB- and defender Godin help each other with their stretches . Atletico Madrid 's Mario Mandzukic -LRB- right -RRB- and Antoine Griezmann -LRB- centre -RRB- have fun with a photographer . ` We do n't have the options that Real Madrid , Barcelona , Bayern -LSB- Munich -RSB- or Chelsea have , we can not drop points and make up for them later . We are a team that plays at our limit . ' Meanwhile , Torres is one of five Atletico players , including Cristian Ansaldi , Jesus Gamez , Gabi , and Mario Suarez who are one booking away from being suspended for the return leg . Carlo Ancelotti 's side have Fabio Coentrao , Marcelo and Toni Kroos in the same position . Torres is consoled after scoring an own goal in Atletico 's 2-2 draw with Malaga at the weekend .