Parents have been outraged to discover a heritage railway attraction was used to shoot a ` hardcore schoolgirl ' porn film . The 28 minute movie in which a woman , dressed as a school girl , has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex . Locals in the area were shocked to learn the location , a favourite with families and children , had been rented out by its bosses to American Adult film company Brazzers , the Brentwood Gazette reported . Scroll down for video . In the 28 minute movie a woman dressed as a school girl has sex with a man on board an Epping Ongar train . The storyline , which is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage . Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers . In the opening scene of the pornographic film a young woman dressed as a school girl walks along the clearly recognisable train station platform . The storyline , which is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to one of the attraction 's wooden-panelled train carriages where the pair have sex on the seats . Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film , which has now been viewed more than 235,000 times . Mum-of-two Amanda Mendel from Fyfield Road in Rainham , Essex said it did not seem right that the railway should present itself as a family business and then allow the filming of ` an orgy train ' . She said she would be think twice about taking her children on the railway after what had gone on . Mrs Mendel added that the whole thing was ` disgusting ' . Similarly Carla Ince 41 from in Brentwood Road in Marden Ash , said it was ` terrible ' and a ` stupid , disgusting decision ' . She highlighted its hypocrisy explaining that the Epping Ongar railway advertised itself for Christmas and Easter events . Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway . Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography . Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the heritage railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography . Its business development manager , Dean Wilton , said the decision was an ` error of judgement ' and that the attraction had put in place policy safeguards to ensure the refusal of ` any further approaches for this kind of production ' . He apologised for a second time for any offence caused . Originally opened in 1865 as the final section of the Eastern Railway Branch line , the Epping Ognar Railway was run by London Underground from 1949 . It ran until 1994 when it was closed and its passenger service was withdrawn . It lay in disuse until restoration to turn it into a historic site began in 1994 . The heritage line operates between Ongar through North Weald to the boundary of the London Underground 's Central line . It is connected to a historic bus line which connects North Weald to Epping tube station for the ease of its customers . The railway is predominantly staffed by volunteers as indeed are most heritage lines . The Ongar Epping line has been lovingly restored to ensure its features closely resemble the historical past . The station and signal signalbox at Ongar has been painted and recreated to look as it would have on the Great Eastern Railway in the 19th Century . The North Weald station box has been restored to its original 1930s and 60s appearance .