Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab . After checking into a facility on January 28 and stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate , ' the Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team , which begin on April 20 . This as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL . Scroll down for videos . Johnny Manziel -LRB- above -RRB- has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 . This after Manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July , with some worried his drinking was a priority . Manziel 's hard-partying and off-the-field antics were well known while he was in college . According to ESPN , Manziel was ` doing great ' in rehab , and had the full support of his team . Now comes the real test however , as he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team that covers the next three seasons . This after a rookie season in which he saw limited game time and suffered difficult losses in his only two starts , Manziel was no doubt hoping to step out of the spotlight following the end of the Cleveland Browns season last December , but talk soon turned to whether or not the accomplished footballer might have a problem . Especially after one incident last year when , after partying until well past midnight , Manziel , who is suffering from an injured hamstring , skipped out on a Saturday morning team treatment session because he overslept , and in turn was fined by the Browns . Manziel was quick to apologize to the team for his behavior , saying ; ` It 's about being accountable ... instead of looking like a jackass . ' And while his season may have been over at that time , many believed Manziel would still tone things down for a bit in the wake of that controversy , which made it all the more shocking when he was spotted partying at FDR Lounge at the Delano in Miami on over the New Year holiday , alongside the likes of LeBron James and Ryan Phillippe , and then seen chugging champagne straight from the bottle while sitting poolside with girlfriend Colleen Crowley and some buddies poolside at the Delano . At this point , some in the sports world , chief among them columnist Skip Bayless , began to suggest that the Heisman Trophy winner needed to get help for his drinking . The aqthlete was in treatment for roughly six weeks before being released . Appearing on ESPN 's First Take , Bayless , a noted supporter of Manziel , did not mince words as he made it very clear that in his opinion the former college star needed to deal with his drinking . ` My concern , I repeatedly said , was if Johnny continues to demonstrate that he has a problem with alcohol , and a problem with alcohol leading to partying and all that that entails , then I 'm going to be out , ' said Bayless . ` In talking to people in and around the Cleveland Browns , I believe Johnny Manziel continues to have a problem with alcohol . And I believe ... that it is time for Johnny to get some help . He continues to lie to his executives , to his coaches , to his teammates , to the media , and most of all , he continues to lie to himself . ' He then said he would label Manziel an ` alcoholic . ' Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas a & m , but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft , noting that he had ` grown up , ' before being selected 22nd overall by Cleveland . Just days into his training with the Browns however , the local press began calling him out on his partying , which they cited as the major reason for his poor performance on the field . A source told Cleveland.com at the time ; ` Team officials had bought into Manziel 's pre-draft promises to tone down the partying and leave his frat-boy lifestyle back in College Station , Texas , and they 've been stunned by his non-stop antics . ' A photo snapped of Manziel before the start of the season and later posted to Instagram showed the footballer at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter . Manziel while the 2013 Heisman Trophy as the quarterback of the Texas a & m University Aggies . Also causing some alarm before the season even began was a photo snapped of Manziel and later posted to Instagram that showed the footballer at a bar in the process of tightly rolling up a dollar bill while standing over a sink counter , leading some to suggest that he might have been snorting cocaine . Browns head coach Mike Pettine spoke to Manziel soon after the problematic photo was posted , a photo that could have led to an inquiry or a drug test from the NFL , and said he felt that things were back on track and that Manziel was focused on football once again . There was also an odd incident during the regular season when he got into a fight with a fan in the lobby of his apartment building , and while alcohol seems to have played a role in the incident , it was the fan who was inebriated , not Manziel . It should be noted that a very thorough and detailed story published by ESPN in 2013 said that after his arrest for disorderly conduct back in 2012 and while still at college , Manziel did seek help for an alcohol problem , seeing an counselor for six or seven weeks . Manziel would later claim this report was false , and that he had never seen a counselor for anger management or for alcohol abuse while in college . Manziel is now set to begin offseason workouts with the Cleveland Browns on April 20 . As for his future with the Browns , that is a little unclear . Some , including ESPN 's Pat McManamon , have called on the Browns to fire Manziel after he overslept for his treatment last year , saying he and fellow player Josh Gordon have a ` complete lack of professionalism . ' Gordon was also out with Manziel and showed up late for the team walk-through , an offense that carried a far stiffer punishment for the starter as he was forced to sit out the final game of the season . Currently , Manziel has a four year contract with the Browns worth about $ 8.25 million . The 22-year-old also has some of the most coveted , and lucrative , endorsement deals in the sports world with , among others , Nike , McDonald 's , MusclePharm , and Snickers . For now though , Manziel seems to be committed to laying low and focusing on the football . ` When -LSB- Manziel -RSB- is back , it will be full speed ahead for him , said Pettine . ` I think he 's very anxious at this point . We 'll be prepared as we will with every other player . When they get back to town , we 're going to coach the heck out of them . '