` If you can find my submarine , it 's yours , ' Russian oil billionaire Roman Abramovich once said . And it seems the oligarch and Chelsea FC owner , whose submarine is just one of the extras that came with his £ 300million superyacht Eclipse -LRB- perfect for getting to shore undetected -RRB- , is not the only wealthy businessman splashing out on underwater exploration . Dubbed Earth 's real ` final frontier ' , the oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world 's oceans . So if you have a spare few million in the bank and want some holiday snaps and Instagram posts that will really trump everyone else , you may want to snap up one of these ... Whale of a time : The OrcaSub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration . The OrcaSub by Spymaster . Sleek , silent and somewhat expensive , this submarine is the perfect toy for the underwater wildlife-lover . The streamlined vessel was built with the intention of allowing explorers to come eye to eye with the creatures of the deep without scaring them off . In light of this , the luxury vehicle is battery power to allow passengers to sail silently through the water . Adventurers can explore up to 2,000 ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour . Pilots will be encased in pressurised spaces with Perspex domes , which give a 360 degree underwater view of everything from shipwrecks to coral reefs . The OrcaSub does not come cheap and will set you back £ 1,284,169 -LRB- $ 1.9 million -RRB- . Whale watch ! What makes the Migaloo stand out from the crowd is the ability to experience nature both above and below the water , as the vessel can be both a yacht or a submarine . At one with nature : The vehicle by Motion Code : Blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet , providing your guests with a luxury adventure . Luxury surroundings ! Sail through the seas in a two-storey owner 's suite and eight VIP suites for guests . Migaloo by Motion Code : Blue . The super rich do not have to decide whether to use their yacht or their submarine , as the two double up as one with the Migaloo by Motion Code : Blue . The 377 feet long private white yacht allows for complete privacy as you can chose whether to lounge on the sun roof above waters , or whale watch below the surface with a maximum diving depth of 820 feet -LRB- 250 metres -RRB- . It also boasts a helipad , a two-storey owner 's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests . Motion Code : Blue are yet to build one of these to order , but it is estimated to cost about $ 2.3 billion to construct one , if you compare it to a similar Virginia-class attack submarine by the U.S. Navy , which dives at the same sort of depths . Sir Richard Branson enjoying a ride in the Super Falcon from DeepFlight which automatically floats to the surface for safety . The technology allows submarines to be piloted by the owner -LRB- or a designated crew member -RRB- after a short training session and do not require a highly specialised pilot . Pictured here is The Dragon . Super Falcon and Dragon by DeepFlight . If these submarines are good enough for Sir Richard Branson , they are surely good enough for us . These personal submarines aim to be both innovative and safe , as being buoyant , they automatically float to the surface of the water . They currently offer two DeepFlight submarines : Super Falcon and Dragon . They are both capable of barrel rolls with dolphins , or spy-hopping out of the water like a whale . Additionally , DeepFlight are all-electric and have zero emissions . The Super Falcon and Dragon are priced at £ 1.15 million -LRB- $ 1.7 million -RRB- and £ 1 million -LRB- $ 1.5 million -RRB- respectively . The Super Yacht Sub 3 offers compact private submersible sailing , and allows three passengers to explore the ocean . U-Boat Worx has developed the submarine , which is perfect for exploring underwater life up to 984 feet below the surface . Super Yacht Sub 3 by U-Boat Worx . It has a somewhat ominous name , but the U-Boat Worx design is a somewhat intimate way to explore the ocean beneath your superyacht . The Super Yacht Sub 3 is known as the sports car of the seas and lets a pilot and two passengers plunge 984 feet -LRB- 300 metres -RRB- below the surface . Not only a luxurious trip , but the panoramic front window allows for incredible views of the fish , and aquatic life . Costing slightly more than the average car , the all-included price is £ 900,000 - a snip for a billionaire . A unforgettable night ! Oliver 's Travels lets you rent out a submarine , complete with Captain , chef and butler for £ 175,000 a night . Ocean dining ! To complete the luxury experience , a specialist aphrodisiac tasting menu has been developed to ensure that guests are in the mood to make full use of the Lovers Deep facilities , free of charge for those with a honeymoon package booking . Mile Low Club by Oliver 's Travels . For those wanting to plan a date with a difference look no further than a trip aboard Lovers ' Deep , a luxury submarine specialising in romantic getaways . It 's the perfect underwater escape for those who ca n't stretch to buying their own submarine , but can still pay big bucks for an ultra-luxurious experience . Guests will be looked after by a crew consisted of a captain , chef and personal butler , who reside at the other end of the vessel . The world is your oyster as the concierge service allows you to be in complete control of your adventure , so you can moor up anywhere from a stunning coral reef off the coast of St. Lucia to near a sunken battleship in the Red Sea . With optional extras including helicopter transfers with a beach landing , free rose petal scattering service or champagne breakfast in bed , it could make an unusual romantic package . That is if you can afford the price tag , which is a hefty £ 175,000 per night -LRB- excluding air travel -RRB- . The Trilobis 65 is a 65 foot long eco-yacht for six people , ideal for bays , atolls and sea parks . Best of both worlds ! Whether you want to lounge on deck , or see underwater , the vessel caters for all . Trilobis 65 by Giancarlo Zema Design Group . This vessel is the water equivalent of a space ship , and is the first eco-yacht allowing guests to experience underwater life in a non-polluting habitat . Trilobis 65 consists of four levels that are connected by a spiral staircase , including an ocean viewpoint submerged at 9 feet below the surface . It houses six seating places , connect with high-tech software to control lighting , and get real time information on the sea-bed and fish surrounding it . The windows are electrochemical and change their opacity manually or automatically , depending on how light it is outside . The solar energy on top help to power the vehicle , and the electric engines are driven by hydrogen fuel cells that produce drinking water as waste material , through an electrochemical process , making the vessel a non-polluting project . It is priced at approximately £ 3.6 million -LRB- € 5 million -RRB- with customisation available for furnishings and décor . Aqua adventure : The C-Explorer 3 's bowl-like interior makes you feel as though you are in an aquarium as you navigate passed fish and aquatic life . C-Explorer 3 by U-Boat Worx . Another offering by the U-Boat Worx team is the C-Explorer 3 . This boasts 360 degree panoramic viewing thanks to its acrylic hull , enabling you to feel as close to nature as possible . The round orb gives the feeling of being in an aquarium , creating the ultimate ocean experience . Enjoy your submersion in luxury , with a comfortable interior and viewing area . The extra view comes at an added cost , with prices for this vessel starting from £ 1,450,000 -LRB- € 2,000,000 -RRB- .