The married manager of a limousine company fired an employee for refusing to have sex with him , and even said as much in a text he sent her . Raymond Townsend , a manager at US Limousine on Long Island , New York , was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci , now 32 , after more than a year of lurid messages . The woman , who sat near his wife in their office , repeatedly refused Townsend 's requests for sex , but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she ` refused to have sex with the General Manager ' . Limousine company manager Raymond Townsend -LRB- right -RRB- was ordered to pay compensation to his employee Geralyn Ganci , -LRB- left -RRB- 32 , after telling her she was fired because she would not have sex with him . He also sent her texts saying that he ` had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me ' , Ganci said in court papers . Other messages allegedly asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her mother for he evening or contained pictures of his ` lap ' . Ganci said that she had attended the wedding of Townsend and his wife . The original sexual harassment complaint against Townsend , filed in 2010 , said that the manager would call Ganci ` at all hours of the day and night , during the work day and after the work day to convey disgusting , sexually suggestive , erotic and vile messages of a sexual nature ' . Messages , which were aimed at making the woman have sex with him , continued for more than a year . She was fired after the boss allegedly forced Ganci into a bathroom and put his hand up her shirt in 2009 on a day when his wife was not at work . Townsend sent texts to Ganci including one where he claimed that he ` had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me ' , the employee said . A judge has settled the final amount owed by US Limousine and Townsend at more than $ 700,000 . Above , the company 's various white vehicles . Ganci 's complaint said that Townsend then offered to fire someone in the limousine company 's ` wedding department ' to bring her back in a different position . Townsend and US Limousine are now liable for more than $ 700,000 in damages and fees after losing a civil rights suit where the message was used as evidence , according to the New York Post . Though a federal jury found Townsend and his company liable in 2010 , a federal judge in New York just finished finalizing the legal fees awarded to Ganci at just more than $ 170,000 . She will also be awarded $ 550,000 in damages and compensation from US Limousine and her former boss . She had originally asked for $ 5million . Ganci said Townsend 's behavior caused her emotional distress that landed her in the hospital , but that he called her while she was in the facility and asked about her breasts . Last year a jury found Townsend liable for creating a sexual harassment and creating a hostile work environment , but not intentionally inflicting emotional distress . Townsend does not work at US Limousine any longer and did not return a request for comment to the New York Post .