Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable will meet with US Department of Justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $ 45billion merger , according to reports . The meeting next Wednesday would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants , . Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company would have too much power in the Internet broadband market . Reps from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday . There are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against TV channel owners and businesses offering online video programming . The proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed deal a year ago , the Wall Street Journal reported on Saturday . Representatives of the two companies and the Justice Department did not immediately respond to Reuters ' requests for comment on the Journal report , which cited people familiar with the matter . News of the planned meeting followed a report by Bloomberg on Friday that staff attorneys at the Justice Department 's antitrust division were nearing a recommendation to block the deal . A spokesman for Time Warner Cable questioned the Bloomberg report , saying on Friday the company had been working productively with both the DOJ and the FCC . The meeting would aim to negotiate concessions related to antitrust concerns over their planned merger . A source close to Comcast said on Friday that discussions with the DOJ had been positive and that the FCC was still gathering material from companies , making it early for any discussion of conditions for a deal . The Bloomberg report said Justice Department attorneys were citing concerns for consumers as they lean against it and their review could be handed in as soon as next week . A final decision would be made by senior officials . Time Warner Cable shares closed down 5.4 per cent at $ 149.61 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday , while Comcast shares ended down 2.1 per cent at $ 58.42 on Nasdaq . In its report on Saturday , the Journal said the DOJ and the FCC were nearing the final stages of scrutinizing the deal . Discussions on potential remedies to concerns would be an indication that the two agencies had not yet made a firm or final decision on the merger , the paper said . But it added the meeting could be the first of many and said it was not clear whether the companies could offer concessions that would satisfy the regulators .