Cooking a gourmet lunch for family and friends at Easter has never been so easy - or cheap . One of Australia 's most loved cooks , Lyndey Milan , has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each . The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast . Scroll down for video . One of Australia 's most loved cooks , Lyndey Milan , has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each . ` I am such of a massive fan of the hospitality of a table . I think sitting down around a table is the loveliest thing , ' Milan told Daily Mail Australia . ` The worst homemade disaster is better than the shop bought stuff . You 'll be wealthier , healthier and friendlier for cooking for the people you love . ' The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots . For dessert , Lyndey says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline , which came in at $ 2 per person , is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser . ` The hot cross bun pudding is so much fun . What I like about it is you can use leftovers -- you 'll always have stale hot cross buns and Easter eggs , ' Lyndey told Daily Mail Australia . ` The salmon is smart enough for a dinner party . I would serve that for people coming for dinner . ` What I love about it is the ease of preparation . All you do it make the crusting , spread the salmon with Dijon mustard -- it 's not that hard , it 's perfect . ' The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the Aldi supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast - including hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding . Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf is also on Lyndey 's menu for Easter . Lyndey was inspired by the lamb dish after filming a cooking series in Greece a few years back . ` At Easter , some people like to eat fish but then lamb is so traditional . Sometimes families are n't sure of how to cook it -- the whole point of Greek lamb is it 's well cooked , so you do n't have that issue of cooking it rare for some and well done for others , ' she said . 1 . Use up all of what you buy . 2 . Buy fresh produce that 's in season . 3 . Store things correctly so they will keep well in your fridge . 4 . Take advantage of any deals or specials and build your weekly meals around them . 5 . Always try to use leftovers in another meal . 6 . Only buy what you need . 7 . Use your freezer . ` You can buy it from Aldi already butterflied so you can reduce cooking time . I just did that really simple zucchini pilaf , but you can use any sort of veggie . ` With a recipe , it 's only a description of what you 've done once ... I love it when people change them and make it their own . ' Lyndey had never stepped foot inside an Aldi before she partnered with them to create the Easter recipes . ` I did my personal research on Aldi , I went and visited two stores . I was waiting to get arrested by the store detective , ' Lyndey said . ` I went around taking photos and making notes of the prices , which I could n't believe by the way . I then went and bought all my ingredients ... I did a spreadsheet of costs and then created . ` All of their meat is grass-fed , they have Australian cheese in there that 's won Sydney Royal Medals -- I just saw how much of their stuff is Australian . ` I 'm now a convert . ' Lyndey says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline , which came in at $ 2 per person , is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser . Lyndey says her herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots is quick and easy to prepare . Lyndey , who prides herself on never throwing food out , says there 's a few simple tips to keep the grocery spend down and minimise waste . 1 . Use up all of what you buy . Cooking a whole chicken ? Boil up the bones with a carrot , onion , parsley stalks and peppercorns and make your own stock or soup base . Do the same with meat bones . 2 . Buy fresh produce that 's in season . Not only does it taste better , it costs less . 3 . Store things correctly so they will keep well in your fridge . Soak celery in icy cold water , drain , then wrap well in plastic in the fridge . Store herbs and shallots in damp kitchen paper inside a plastic bag to keep them fresh . Store potatoes and onions in a cool , dark place . 4 . Take advantage of any deals or specials and build your weekly meals around them . ALDI has 7 Day Deals each Wednesday , which include amazing specials on meat , produce and some different and exciting products in the fridge . 5 . Always try to use leftovers in another meal . Cold roast meat and vegetables can liven up a bland salad . Leftover vegies can go into a pasta , soup , frittata or risotto . Banana muffins or ice-cream can be made using over-ripe bananas and almost anything can be turned into a curry . 6 . Only buy what you need . Always check the fridge and pantry before you shop and make a list before you go in store . 7 . Use your freezer . Liquids like wine , coconut milk and stock can be frozen to use when needed . Bread stores well in the freezer and once defrosted , makes an excellent savoury breadcrumb topping with grated cheese . Herb Crusted Salmon with Pea Puree : . 6 salmon fillets -LRB- 140g each -RRB- 3 tbsp. -LRB- 1/4 cup -RRB- Dijon mustard . 25g -LRB- 1/2 packet -RRB- fresh parsley 25g -LRB- 1/2 packet -RRB- fresh dill . 1/2 cup dried bread crumbs Olive oil . 30g butter 3 green onions -LRB- shallots -RRB- , finely chopped . 2 sprigs mint 500g frozen peas 1 tbsp. lemon juice -LRB- optional -RRB- . METHOD : . Pre-heat oven to 180 ⁰ C -LSB- 160 ⁰ C fan-forced -RSB- and line a baking tray with baking paper . Place salmon on the prepared baking tray . Spread with mustard and season with salt and pepper . Chop parsley and dill in a small processor , then add breadcrumbs and enough olive oil to moisten . Press down on salmon . Roast for 8 minutes for pink or 12 minutes for well done . Serve salmon on pea puree -LRB- recipe below -RRB- , with smashed potatoes and ginger carrots . Melt butter in a medium saucepan , add green onions and stir over medium heat until softened . Add frozen peas , cover with 2 cm of water and bring to the boil . Boil for five minutes or until the peas are very tender . Strain the peas , but reserve the cooking liquid . Puree until smooth , adding a splash of the cooking water if needed . Season with salt and pepper and 1 tablespoon of lemon juice . Greek Lamb . 1.2 kg butterflied leg of lamb 1/3 cup -LRB- 80 ml -RRB- extra virgin olive oil . 1 1/2 tbsp. -LRB- 30 ml -RRB- wine vinegar 2 tbsp. dried oregano . 2 cloves garlic , crushed 1 tsp. salt or to taste . Freshly ground pepper 1 lemon , cut in wedges , to serve . METHOD : . Preheat oven to 200 ' C -LRB- 180 ' C fan-forced -RRB- . Remove lamb from fridge 30 minutes before roasting to bring to room temperature . Place 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large frying pan over high heat . Season the lamb with salt and pepper on both sides , then brown in the pan for 2 - 3 minutes each side . Place lamb in roasting dish . Combine oil , garlic , vinegar and oregano . Rub mixture over lamb , place in oven and roast uncovered for 55 minutes , turning once . Remove from the oven and rest , covered loosely with foil for 10 minutes . Pour juices off and allow to settle in a jug . Scoop off the fat which rises to the top with either a spoon or kitchen paper . -LRB- Or a fat/lean separator jug can do this for you . -RRB- . Carve lamb into thin slices , drizzle with pan juices and serve with lemon , Zucchini Pilaf and Greek Salad . Easter Bread & Butter Pudding with Almond Praline . 5 - 6 cherry chocolate hot cross buns , sliced thickly . 1 1/2 tbsp. -LRB- 30g -RRB- soft butter 275 ml milk . 2 cups -LRB- 500 ml -RRB- cream 1/3 cup -LRB- 75g -RRB- caster sugar . 1 tsp. vanilla extract -LRB- optional -RRB- 4 eggs . 100g -LRB- 1 large -RRB- Easter egg , crumbled -LRB- optional -RRB- . Ice-cream to serve -LRB- optional -RRB- 1/2 cup -LRB- 40g -RRB- flaked almonds . 1 cup -LRB- 220g -RRB- caster sugar 1/3 cup -LRB- 80 ml -RRB- cold water . METHOD : . Preheat the oven to 180 ' C -LRB- 160 ' C fan forced -RRB- . Grease a shallow 2-litre -LRB- 8-cup -RRB- ovenproof dish . Spread cut surfaces of buns with butter . Place cut side up in prepared dish . Sprinkle with Easter egg -LRB- optional -RRB- . Combine the milk , cream and sugar in a small saucepan . Stir over heat until warm but not boiling . Whisk eggs in large bowl . Gradually add warm milk mixture as you whisk . Pour hot milk mixture over the hot cross buns . Leave to soak for at least 10 minutes , pressing down with your fingers occasionally to help the buns soak up the liquid . Place overproof dish in a large baking tray and add enough boiling water to come halfway up the sides of the ovenproof dish . Bake uncovered in oven for about 45 - 50 minutes or until pudding almost sets . It will still be wobbly in the middle if you shake the dish Remove the pudding from the oven and stand 5 minutes before serving . Serve Bread & Butter Pudding with almond praline -LRB- see recipe below -RRB- sprinkled over the top . Line a baking tray with baking paper . Scatter over the almonds and place in the oven until golden about 5 minutes . Meanwhile combine sugar and water in a saucepan and place over low heat . Cook , stirring , for 5 minutes or until sugar has dissolved . Increase heat to high and bring to the boil . Boil without stirring for 5-7 minutes or until mixture turns golden . Remove from heat and set aside for 2 minutes to allow bubbles to subside . Pour over almonds on the baking tray and allow to cool . Break praline into shards and sprinkle over the pudding .