HISTORY 'S WARNING . England ended the day in a strong position , but it 's worth bearing in mind what happened in Antigua in 2009 . Like Thursday , England declared just before tea , leaving West Indies a hefty target -LRB- 503 -RRB- . But the home side 's lower order hung on -- with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw . Stuart Broad celebrates with his England team-mates after taking the wicket of Kraigg Brathwaite . BRUISER BUTTLER . With Gary Ballance knocking the ball around the park , his partner Jos Buttler thought he 'd get in on the act -- but instead smashed a loopy ball from Marlon Samuels straight into his team-mate 's arm . The Yorkshire batsman was left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on . England 's Gary Ballance receives treatment on the field after he was struck by a shot from Jos Buttler . ROOT IS SECURE . After Ballance and Ian Bell made centuries in the first Test , Joe Root 's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked . The Yorkshireman has emerged as a consistent performer for England , passing 50 runs seven times in his last six Tests . Joe Root plays a shot during his 142-run total on day four at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . UMPIRE DAVIS STUMPED . Umpire Steve Davis dropped a bit of a clanger in the afternoon . Jason Holder bowled at Buttler 's leg stump and hit the batsman on the bottom of his left pad , earning an lbw call from Davis . Buttler reviewed the decision and to no-one 's surprise , DRS showed the ball was missing leg stump by so much it did n't even pitch in line . Umpire Steve Davis dropped a bit of a clanger in the afternoon with his lbw call on Buttler . A BISHOO BLUNDER ? Thursday 's free-scoring was assisted greatly by a toiling West Indies spin attack , prompting many -- including Sir Viv Richards -- to question the absence of leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo , who ran out Bell as a sub fielder on Wednesday . England fans may remember his excellent three-wicket haul against Bell and Co at the 2011 World Cup . Leg spinner Devendra Bishoo was conspicuous in his absence for West Indies against England . MORGAN 'S RUM DO . Elsewhere , Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara -- both overlooked for this Test -- were in action for Sunrisers Hyderabad as they lost to Rajasthan Royals . Morgan laboured to 27 from 30 balls , but Bopara helped himself to 23 off 19 and two wickets . Eoin Morgan , who was overlooked for the first Test , was in action for Sunrisers Hyderabad on Thursday .