A young woman who thought she was doing her grocery alone made a surprising discovery after finding a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley . The unnamed woman , from the Sunshine Coast , found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant Coles in Caboolture , north of Brisbane on Wednesday . She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store . Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away . A young woman made a surprising discovering after finding a mildly venomous snake in her shopping trolley . Snake catcher Richie Gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store . ` The woman found it through a pile of trolleys downstairs and pushed it up the escalator before realising the sleepy little snake was there the whole time , ' Mr Gilbert told Daily Mail Australia . ` She quickly alerted staff and they had a security guide standing 10 metres around it to keep an eye on it because they did n't know what type of snake it was . ` When I arrived , it was n't causing any trouble , especially when I untangled it from the trolley . ' As the weather begins to drop to cooler temperatures in Queensland , Mr Gilbert said brown tree snakes are nocturnal so they try to hide in warm areas . ` They usually try to find somewhere warm to sleep , ' he said . ` It probably wanted to stay away from trouble and thought the trolleys were a good place to climb inside and hang there - it had no idea it was a trolley . Mr Gilbert later joked on his Facebook page : ` I told the snake to next time try coming through the delivery door out back . Haha . ' The brown treet snake was safely removed from the trolley after it had a little adventure up an escalator . While brown tree snakes are known to kill their prey by chewing to inject venom , Mr Gilbert said they are not regarded as dangerous to humans . ` They 're mildly venomous and I still do n't advise anyone to pick it up , ' Mr Gilbert said . ` Brown tree snakes are not a threat and wo n't react in a threatening way but if you do get bitten , a pressure bandage should be applied and seek medical attention - as a precaution as with all suspected snake bites . ` We had one situation where a dad thought it was a good idea to catch a snake inside his house and give it to his seven-year-old daughter to play with the next day because he thought it was harmless . ` Even though she was bitten and did n't show any signs of venom - I still advised him to take her to the hospital as a precautionary measure . ` But please , if you 're not 100 percent certain about a snake - do n't do what this person did . ' Mr Richie said while they release venom on its prey , the snakes are not regarded as dangerous to humans . Mr Gilbert said brown tree snakes are harmless and nocturnal , so they try to hide in warm areas . When it doubt about spotting a snake , Mr Gilbert suggests the best thing to do in a situation is move away slowly and try to take a photograph from a safe distance . ` Send it to us and we can identify it for you and if it 's venomous or not - or whether we need to come out to catch it ourselves and relocate them , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` If the snake is found inside a home in one of the rooms , it 's best to close the room and pop a towel underneath the door and then call us - nothing worse than having someone run out and lock their entire house and then tell us that `` the snake is somewhere inside the house '' . ` If you 're in the garden and you step on a snake and it 's in between your legs , just stand still because it 'll eventually slither away . ` Be smart about it because 90 percent of the time , people who are bitten are often trying to kill it or scare it away . ` All snakes want to do is get away but if it does n't feel it can escape , it 'll strike -- so be sensible when you spot them . '