A 13-year-old boy who was allegedly locked in a basement for 11 days has testified against his father and stepmother in court , saying his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children . He revealed his treatment was so horrific , he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents ' torture . Taking the stand against Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell on Tuesday , Charlie Bothuell , who was 12 when he was found in the basement , described the horrors of his home life . ` It was a very terrible place to be , ' he told the court of his family 's Detroit townhouse . ` I was expected to do everything perfectly . I was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it . ' Charlie , who wore glasses , a white shirt , a tie and black pants for his hour-long testimony , was speaking publicly for the first time since he was found in his family 's cluttered and dirty basement . Scroll down for video . Testimony : Charlie Bothuell -LRB- pictured -RRB- , now 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's Detroit townhouse last June following an 11-day search . On Tuesday , he testified in court against his father and stepmother . Basement : Taking the stand against Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell on Tuesday , Charlie , who was 12 when he was found in the tiny , dirty basement -LRB- pictured -RRB- , described the horrors of his home life . ` Weapon ' : He said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was beaten with this plastic pipe -LRB- pictured being presented as evidence in court -RRB- , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids . Police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search for him also found a blanket , cereal box , drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room . The hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send Bothuell IV and his partner to trial on charges of torture and child abuse . A 36th District Court judge will make the decision . During Tuesday 's testimony , Charlie did not look at the prosecutor as he described how he was educated at home from 2012 . His daily routine involved waking up at 5 am for a protein shake . He was then forced to endure vigorous workouts that lasted up to two hours , followed by a shower , math and science lessons with old books , chores and another workout , he told the court . ` What would happen if you did n't do this routine ? ' asked the prosecutor . Charlie replied : ` I would get in trouble , a whipping . ' The youngster said he tried to run away aged 11 , but police found him . After he was returned home , ` I was told to basically lay across the dining room table and was spanked on the butt with a wooden stick and then a plastic PVC pipe , ' Charlie told the court . Accused : ` It was a very terrible place to be , ' Charlie said . ` I was expected to do everything perfectly . I was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it . ' Above , Charlie 's father in court of Tuesday . Defendants : The hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send Bothuell IV -LRB- left -RRB- and his partner -LRB- right -RRB- to trial for alleged torture and child abuse . A 36th District Court judge will make the decision . Mug shots : Bothuell IV -LRB- left -RRB- and Dillard-Bothuell -LRB- right -RRB- are seen in their mug shots following their arrests . Charlie 's face was not pictured by the press as he gave his testimony ; only his hands were shown -LRB- above -RRB- . He recalled other ` whoopings ' with sticks and pipes , which would cause the skin on his buttocks to bleed and ` split open ' . ` Why did you lay over the dining room table , ' the prosecutor asked him . According to Fox 2 , Charlie replied : ` Because I was told to . -LRB- I -RRB- laid over the dining room table and I would be basically smacked on the butt . ' The prosecutor then inquired : ` With what ? ' ` A wooden stick , ' Charlie said . ` Then a plastic PVC pipe . ' He added that his stepmother would sometimes punch him - and once even choked him . He was left feeling depressed and upset . The expectations about life at home were `` absolutely ridiculous ' , said Charlie , detailing how was made to stand in the corner with his arms held above his head if he did not complete assignments . ` They decided when they wanted me to stop . It was so painful , ' he said . He added that he even attempted suicide in a bid to escape the abusive conditions at his home , WXYZ reported . Home : A neighbor near the Bothuells ' home showed Daily Mail Online the bathroom that Charlie likely used . Tunnel : The bathroom was accessible via this tunnel -LRB- right -RRB- , according to the neighbor , The tunnel 's outside door -LRB- left -RRB- is usually locked and only accessible to maintenance men , but crucially , it was left open during the time Charlie was missing so that residents could get rid of a build-up of trash in a dumpster left outside . Discovery : Police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster from the house -LRB- pictured -RRB- on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search also found a blanket , cereal box and a bowl of chicken bones in the basement . Earlier in the hearing , detective Sgt. Ken Ducker testified about finding Charlie in the roughly 600-square-foot space when he went downstairs looking for evidence that might help the search . ` I was not expecting to find him , ' Ducker said . A doctor said the boy was thin with several bruises . Defense attorneys claim Charlie is a liar who left and returned to the house on his own . Bothuell IV insists he did n't know his son was in the basement , which has no door at the top of the stairs . Attorney Shawn Smith asked Ducker if he believed the boy - who is now living with his mother - was in the basement for all 11 days , but a prosecutor objected . The question went unanswered . Judge Shannon Holmes ended the hearing before Charlie was asked about what happened last June . The youngster , who had lived with his father for two years , will return to court on May 6 . Reaction : Bothuell IV , who insists he did n't know his son was in the basement , was giving a live TV interview when he was told his son had been found by police . He appeared to be shocked by the news -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` abusive ' l Dillard-Bothuell , who allegedly once choked her stepson , is seen in court at an earlier hearing .