Changes : Mark Dawe , head of the OCR exam board , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam . An exam board boss has today been accused of ` dumbing down standards ' after suggesting students should be allowed to use Google in their GCSE and A-level exams . Mark Dawe , head of the Oxford , Cambridge and RSA Examinations board -LRB- OCR -RRB- , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam . He said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway -- and teachers should test how students interpret answers , rather than how they find them . Today Chris McGovern , chairman of the Campaign for Real Education , said the idea would lead to a ` dumbing down of standards ' . He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : ` It 's a nonsense . ` We have a crisis in standards in this country . We are three years behind the Chinese at the age of 15 , we have got universities running remedial courses . ` We have got employers saying too many youngsters are unemployable . ` And here we have the OCR board saying `` let 's dumb things down '' . Row : Education campaigners say that this would send standards plummeting and said exams are about knowledge not hunting for information . Ranking : According to the latest OECD international rankings on education , from 2013 , the UK is behind much poorer countries including Lithuania , Latvia and Hungary . ` You can have an exam on how to use Google , but that is not the same as having a history or geography exam . ` Exams should be about knowledge and understanding . It includes knowledge , therefore we do have to test what children are carrying the in their heads . ' It would damage the board 's credibility , he insisted , because ` sensible people ' want their children to take proper exams . Mr Dawe told the programme that the arguments were the same used in relation to allowing calculators in maths exams . He added : ` You do need to have a base understanding of things . ` Actually , one of the most important things is about understanding what comes up on Google or some search engine . ` It is about understanding the tools they have got available and how to utilise those . ` I think that is a very rich way of learning and a very rich way of assessing . ` That is relevant , that is what they will be doing in working life . ' He said Google could be allowed on some papers but not others , depending on the type of questions being asked . ` You ask different questions and it is about interpretation , ' he added . ` It 's about discussion , it is about application . ' He said he could not see Google coming in any time soon but suggested it was ` certainly inevitable ' longer term .