The amount of time people spend listening to BBC radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , the corporation 's boss has admitted . Figures show that while millions still tune in , they listen for much shorter bursts . The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in the last three months of 2014 , according to official figures . The length of time people spend listening to BBC radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , figures show . This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week . The minutes of the BBC Trust 's February meeting , published yesterday , revealed that director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall . ` He noted ... that time spent listening to BBC radio had dropped to its lowest ever level , ' the documents said . Sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives than in the past , and a change in habits amongst young people . Lord Tony Hall , BBC director general , highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust , according to minutes of its February meeting . Many people who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as Spotify for their music fix . That problem is likely to grow , as Apple develops its long-rumoured streaming service . A BBC spokesman said : ` The number of people listening to BBC radio stations and audience appreciation levels are as high as ever . ` But time spent listening has inevitably been affected by digital competition and as people ` tune in ' in new , digital ways . ` -LSB- Those ways -RSB- are n't reflected in the traditional listening figures quoted here -- like watching videos from radio shows or listening to podcasts . ' BBC radio is still reaching 65 per cent of the population each week , according to the last set of figures available from RAJAR , the organisation which measures radio audiences . But although that figure feels relatively healthy by today 's standards , it has none the less fallen by more over the last decade . In the final three months of 2004 , 66 per cent of people in Britain listened to BBC network radio every week . Lord Hall also used the BBC Trust meeting to note the strong performance of BBC Radio 6 , the digital music station which the Corporation had at one point been planning to scrap . ` He reported that the recent RAJAR figures showed that 6Music had become the first digital-only station to reach two million listeners , ' the minutes said . Earlier this month , Matthew Postgate , the BBC 's chief technology officer , said the Corporation would adopt a new ` digital first ' strategy , to help it target a new generation of users . He said the organisation needed to ` learn lessons ' if they want to ` compete with organisations that were born in the digital age ' .