Shocking footage has been released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers , after a ` Facebook ' party in Brisbane 's south spiraled out of control on Tuesday night . The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter , and shows the a small scuffle escalate into an all-in fight as more teenagers , who had gathered at the Serbian Community Centre in Willawong , join in the fray . Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10 pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight . Footage has emerged of a violent brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane . ` There were a lot of kids coming through and we wanted to call the police early because there were too many people coming in , ' Dario Music , vice-president of the community centre , told Brisbane Times . The centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party of a woman who was not a part of the local Serbian community . ` Me and treasurer went and spoke to her and said , ` is this a birthday party or a Facebook party ? , ' Mr Music said . ` She said , ` no , we are just having a bit of fun ' , then about 40 or 50 people walked out in the car park and started punching on . There were bottles thrown and yelling and screaming . Initially there were about 40 or 50 then everyone else jumped in . ' Mr Music said that rubbish , including broken bottles and shoes , was left in the car park , and that the incident had put an end to the Serbian community centre being hired out for events . The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter , PolAir . Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10 pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight . Police said that upon arrival , about 70 teenagers were involved in the violent brawl , and shut the event down without further disturbance . Neighbours said that ` hordes of people ' were directed by police out of the area , reported The Courier Mail . Police were called to attend to related incidents nearby on King Road later in the evening . Four people have been arrested over the incident , including a 20-year-old Goodna man who was charged with public nuisance , obstructing police and possession of tainted property . The centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party . Four people have been arrested over the incident , including a 20-year-old man , an 18-year-old woman and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16 . He is scheduled to appear before the Richlands Magistrates Court on June 9 . An 18-year-old Annerley woman was issued with a notice to appear in relation to obstructing police and contravening a direction . She is due to appear in the Richlands Magistrates Court today . Two 16 and 15-year-old girls will be dealt with under the provisions of the Youth Justice Act in relation to offences of public nuisance and obstructing police . Anyone with information which could assist with this matter should contact Crime Stoppers anonymously on 1800 333 000 or via their website .