First they made a life-sized bronze statue of him , and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour . Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director , who picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film , Vicky Cristina Barcelona . The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , La Llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building . The tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the New York director , who picked Barcelona for the setting of his Oscar winning film , Vicky Cristina Barcelona . Mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of Allen , Jaume Roures , who also produced three of his films . A spokesman from the group said to The Local : ` The Woody Allen project is under discussion but I ca n't say more yet . ` The neoclassical building that will house the Woody Allen Centre dates from 1883 and is located in the historic Gothic quarter of Barcelona . It is hoped the exhibition will be featured at La Llotja , which is a former art and crafts centre in the city . The building currently lies unoccupied , and it is thought a competition will decide what project is set in the 17th century building . The 17th-century building , in Spain 's second largest city , aims to commemorate the work of the celebrated director , actor and writer . La Llotja is currently owned by the Generalitat de Catalunya and there will reportedly be a competition held to determine suitable projects to revive the famous building . The tribute will join a plethora of other museums dedicated to artists such as Dali and Picasso . The tribute will be in Barcelona , in the midst of many other celebrated artists and architects , such as Gaudí buildings -LRB- left -RRB- . The museum follows the bronze statue -LRB- right -RRB- that was made the director after his Oscar winning film , Vicky Cristina Barcelona . Before fans get too excited , the Barcelona City Hall is yet to provide permission for the project , which is predicted to be completed in two years . Allen 's celebrated film , Vicky Cristina Barcelona , featured blockbuster names such as Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz , who later won an Academy Award for her portrayal as emotionally unstable María Elena . Heywood ` Woody ' Allen 's -LRB- left -RRB- career as an actor , writer , director , comedian and playwright , has spanned more than 50 years . He has worked with big names such as Penelope Cruz -LRB- centre -RRB- and Javier Barden -LRB- right -RRB- .