This is the shocking moment an unemployed scaffolder punched his unsuspecting former friend in the face so hard that he was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain . Richard Hutchinson , 40 , from Thornaby-on-Tees , North Yorkshire , has been jailed for two years for attacking his victim without warning after the pair fell out over a debt of £ 300 . Teesside Crown Court heard that the pair had a ` long-running ' feud after Hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back . Scroll down for video . Richard Hutchinson , 40 , from Thornaby-on-Tees , North Yorkshire , has been jailed for two years for punching his former friend in a betting shop . Pictured : The victim stands at the counter in William Hill prior to the attack . CCTV footage shows Hutchinson run into the betting shop and throw a punch at his former friend . The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to ` sort it out ' Hutchinson punched his victim in the jaw , knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a brain bleed . He needed 16 days in intensive care and Hutchinson has now been jailed for two years . The court heard how both men allegedly made threats and violence against each other in the run-up to the attack , with Hutchinson still owing the victim £ 60 at the time of the assault . The prosecution said Hutchinson threw punches at the victim the day before the attack then threatened to ` fill him in ' on the phone . CCTV footage shows the victim , an engineer and father of two , standing at the counter of William Hill bookmakers ' when Hutchinson ran in and felled him with one blow to the jaw . The victim , who has not been named , was knocked unconscious by the ` full force punch ' and did not remember the attack , which occurred in a betting shop in Stockton-on-Tees on September 6 last year . He was taken to hospital with a skull fracture and bleed on the brain and had to remain in intensive care for 16 days . He was discharged but later readmitted to hospital for another 11 days for rehabilitation , Teesside Crown Court heard . Following the incident , married father Hutchinson went to police and told officers : ` I 've hit someone . I may have seriously hurt them . ' He told officers that he ` lost it ' because he and his wife had been threatened and said he went to try and ` sort it out ' . He added that he thought he had ` just knocked him out ' . In his police interview , he said : ` I did n't mean to cause that much damage to him . It shocked me how easily he went down . ` I 'm gutted . I 'm sick to my stomach that I 've actually done that to him . ` I did n't expect that at all . If anything , I expected him to turn around and hit me back . ' The unsuspecting victim -LRB- pictured in the betting shop prior to the attack -RRB- had to remain in intensive care for 16 days and was later readmitted to hospital for another 11 days for rehabilitation , Teesside court heard . The defence claimed the money was demanded from Hutchinson , that his wife had previously been assaulted , that he was threatened with garden shears and told he would be given ` a good hiding ' . Duncan McReddie , defending , said Hutchinson acted recklessly with ` a degree of provocation that was long-running ' after he borrowed £ 300 from the victim , down to £ 60 by the time of the assault . He said the unemployed scaffolder had expressed regret and remorse since the assault and a prison sentence would badly affect his family . Hutchinson admitted causing grievous bodily harm and the court heard that he had a caution for a similar offence in 2005 and assault convictions , but no violence for a decade . He was jailed for two years and given a five-year restraining order banning him from contacting the victim or going to his street .