Mike Tindall would n't have moved any quicker had he been surging towards the posts in a Six Nations clash at Twickenham . In Aintree 's crowded unsaddling area , the former England captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number ' 3 ' , with his wife , Zara Phillips , scampering in hot pursuit . Not even a hug from AP McCoy could check his momentum . No wonder . Tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen Monbeg Dude , the horse whom he owns with James Simpson-Daniel and Nicky Robinson , run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior , who was sent off unconsidered at 40/1 , returned . Former England rugby captain Mike Tindall and wife Zara Philipps at Aintree ahead of the Grand National . Tindall celebrates after watching his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the National . Monbeg Dude is now 10 and , according to his jockey Liam Treadwell , ` likes to do things at his own pace ' but his resolution is not in question and this was the latest wonderful day he had given his owners and trainer Michael Scudamore . Think about this for a CV : a Welsh Grand National in January 2013 , victory in a big chase at Cheltenham in December of the same year and being placed in a Hennessey Gold Cup at Newbury last November , then this . Not bad for a horse that cost £ 12,000 . While the exultant connections of winner Many Clouds were celebrating a few yards away , their joy was almost matched by the happiness of the Monbeg Dude team ; as Michael shook his head in wonder , his father Peter , the former champion jump jockey , dashed to engulf him in a bear hug . Here was thumping evidence that no other race stirs the emotions quite like the Crabbie 's Grand National . The £ 88,400 was by far the biggest pot Monbeg Dude has collected in his 24-race career but the reactions of Tindal et al -LRB- ITALICISE -RRB- showed this was about far more than money . ` Pride is the word I would use , ' said Michael Scudamore . ` I am so happy for the horse . He is unbelievably tough and brave . To put in a performance like that after coming here last year -LRB- finishing seventh -RRB- , I am just so proud . The owners are buzzing , so is the jockey . ' Many Clouds and Aspell jump a fence on the way to winning the 2015 Grand National at Aintree . Treadwell 's contented look as he strolled to the Owners and Trainers tent a little while after said as much . He won the Grand National in 2009 , when steering Mon Mome to a 100/1 success , but this was the first time he had ridden in the race since 2010 , when unseating at the 20th from Nozic . ` I am absolutely delighted , ' said Treadwell . ` The horse did n't even know he had been in a race . He got hampered at Becher 's Brook the first time and that checked his momentum but he has given me a fantastic ride . ` Last year he looked like he was going to be the winner going to the last and there was a point when I thought my run was going to take me there this time but he just flattened out a bit at The Elbow . But what a great day . I really appreciate everything about this atmosphere now . ' He was n't the only one . Aintree , even when you are defeated , is a place where dreams can come true .