Colin Hendry appears at Blackpool Magistrates ' Court where he admitted a drink driving charge . Former Scotland captain Colin Hendry has been banned from driving after he was caught drunk at the wheel of his Ford Focus . Hendry , 49 , rowed with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through Lytham St Annes , Lancashire , where he was seen speeding , a court heard . Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home . Now the former Premier League player who had spells with Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City , must travel around on his bike , a court heard . Hendry of Lytham St Annes , admitted drink driving on the town 's Church Road on February 21 . He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar . His lawyer Gwyn Lewis told Blackpool Magistrates ' Court that Hendry 's current income was ` meagre ' and he asked for extra time for his client to pay fines and costs until he can start taking his offshore pension in mid May . Mr Lewis said Hendry , who is out of work , no longer wished to pursue a defence of ` special reasons ' as a forensic report revealed he would have been over the limit at the time he was breath tested and there was no evidence that his drinks had been spiked . Peter Bardsley , prosecuting , said that a police officer in an unmarked car saw Hendry at 1 am pulling away from a junction at speed . He followed Hendry who drove above a 20mph limit and then a 30mph limit sometimes going as fast as 50mph . The officer ordered Hendry 's car to stop and smelled alcohol on him . He was arrested and a breath test revealed 63 microgrammes of alcohol in his breath . The legal limit is 35 . The court heard Hendy , who played for Blackburn Rover and Manchester City , was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk after a row with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder . Argument : Hendry said he had rowed with Sarah Kinder , pictured . He has subsequently been arrested for allegedly breaking a restraining order . Mr Lewis said : ` Mr Hendry is a fit man and regularly cycles . He has not drunk for seven weeks before he was arrested . Playing career : Hendry captained Scotland and played for Blackburn Rovers , Manchester City , and Rangers . ` He started what some people call a dry January following the death of his wife in 2009 . ' ` However he was in an emotional state that day-and he decided to take a drink . However he knows what he drank and still can not accept the reading from the breath test . ' ` His finances are to say the least complicated . He was made bankrupt some years ago . His income is meagre until he can start taking his pension in mid-May . ' Chair of the Bench Marilyn Padgett banned Hendry for 17 months . He was also offered a drink drivers ' rehabilitation scheme which will reduce his ban by one third if he completes it . He was fined £ 110 and the magistrate said : ` We have based this on the lowest level and it will be deferred for six weeks to allow you to start your pension . ' He was ordered to pay £ 200 court costs and £ 20 victims ' surcharge . In 2010 , Hendry was made bankrupt owing £ 2.2 m to friends , family and the taxman . Last weekend he was arrested after allegedly breaking a restraining order which forbids him from contacting his beauty technician former girlfriend Ms Kinder . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .