Jurors spent only about an hour deliberating Tuesday before convicting an Oregon woman of killing two handymen and feeding their bodies to her pigs . The Jackson County jury found Susan Monica guilty of murdering two men about a year apart , then abusing their corpses by feeding them to the animals at her farm , The Medford Mail Tribune reported . Circuit Judge Tim Barnack immediately sentenced 66-year-old Monica to life in prison , with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years . Scroll down for video . Guilty : Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span . She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison . Pictured above in court on Tuesday . Floored : Monica and her defense team react to hearing a guilty verdict in court on Tuesday . ` You shot two people and fed them to your pigs , ' the judge told Monica . ` I do n't know how else I can put it . You valued pigs more than you value people . ` It may sound harsh , but you are a cold-blooded killer , ' Barnack said . Prosecutors said Stephen Delicino , 59 , was killed in 2012 and Robert Haney , 56 , died in 2013 . Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed , saying ` it does n't seem to matter . ' The case will be appealed , the defense said . Victim : Robert Haney -LRB- pictured -RRB- is one of the two men Monica was found guilty of killing . She admitted to shooting Haney when she found him being attacked by her pigs in 2013 , but jurors did n't buy the story . Monica 's changing stories about how she shot Delicino and Haney never matched the forensic evidence , Allan Smith , senior assistant deputy district attorney , told jurors in closing arguments . She variously claimed that Delicino shot himself repeatedly in the head and also that she shot him in self-defense and he was eaten by her pigs before she buried his remains on her 20-acre farm in southern Oregon , Smith reminded jurors . Monica told investigators Haney disappeared in the summer of 2013 . She said she came on him a month later as pigs were disemboweling him , and she shot him to ease his suffering . She later questioned whether he was alive when she shot him . Defense attorney Garren Pedemonte argued there was no concrete evidence to rebut Monica 's claims that she shot Delicino in self-defense or to show that Haney was actually alive when Monica shot him . Some of his remains were found in plastic bags in her barn . A State Police forensic anthropologist , Veronica Vance , testified that Haney 's legs had been chopped off with an ax , and the thigh bones showed signs of being gnawed by an animal . Vance said she could n't determine whether the ax blows came before or after Haney died . She said Delicino suffered three to four gunshot wounds to the head , but there was no evidence one way or another about the self-defense claim . ` Just because Susan Monica is different and strange and weird does n't make her a murderer , ' another defense lawyer , Christine Herbert , told the jury . Gruesome discovery : The remains of the two handymen were found on Monica 's farm after investigators noticed she was using one of the men 's food stamps . Quick : It took a jury just an hour to come to the decision to convict Monica of murder . Pictured above in court on April 14 . Changing hair : Monica wore a short wig throughout the proceedings . Pictured above in two mugshots , one wearing a long wig and the other bald . At one point during the six-day trial , Monica herself cross-examined sheriff 's Detective Eric Henderson , who was the lead investigator in the case , despite having her own defense team . On Monday , a cellmate of Monica 's testified the defendant signed a birthday card in jail with this phrase : ` from the sweetest murderer in Jackson County . ' ` I got chills from the birthday card , ' 23-year-old inmate Jordan ` Janae ' Farris testified . Farris was serving time for violating probation from a burglary conviction and met Monica in the Jackson County Jail . Monica said she signed the card in accordance with the charges she was facing , KDRV-TV reported . As the judge addressed the jury before deliberations Tuesday , the newspaper reported that Monica stood up , raised her hand and began asking for the chance to give jurors one more demonstration on how she claimed she shot Delicino . ` I 'd like to demonstrate how I shot him for 10 seconds , ' Monica said . Barnack initially ignored her . Then Monica put her hands in the air , as she did in her earlier testimony from the stand , and said , ` I held the gun like this . ' At that , the judge ordered her back to jail and sheriff 's deputies took her away .