Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard , Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter . Manchester City 's David Silva and Everton 's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform . The players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday , with Arsenal forward Walcott tweeting : ` For 25 hours you can get 25 % discount on Adidas.co.uk if you use ` friendsoftheo ' . ' Premier League stars including Arsenal forward Theo Walcott -LRB- pictured -RRB- could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter . Silva tweeted : ` Who is up for 25 % savings on @adidas products ? Click here to find out more ! #friendsofdavid . ' Guidance from the Advertising Standards Authority states that when there is payment and control from an advertiser , the sponsored tweet should be obviously identifiable . British celebrities have been advised to include the word ` ad ' or ` spon ' to show if something is an advert or sponsored . The watchdog has previously banned a Nike campaign featuring tweets from Wayne Rooney , one of its brand ambassadors , because they were not clearly identified as promotional messages . Players including Steven Gerrard -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Everton 's Phil Jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . It was the first UK company to have a Twitter campaign banned , after the ASA ruled in 2012 that the use of the personal accounts of footballers broke the rules . The Manchester United striker , who has more than 11 million followers , tweeted : ` My resolution -- to start the year as a champion , and finish it as a champion ... #makeitcount gonike.me / makeitcount ' . A tweet from Jack Wilshere said : ` In 2012 , I will come back for my club -- and be ready for my country . #makeitcount . gonike.me / Makeitcount ' . Both footballers were banned from repeating the messages and Nike was warned about ensuring all Twitter advertising is easily identifiable . England footballer Phil Jones and Manchester City 's David Silva posted messages within minutes of each other . But another one of Rooney 's tweets was said to have not breached advertising rules because its language was markedly different from the footballer 's usual Twitter messages . This tweet said : ` The pitches change . The killer instinct does n't . Own the turf , anywhere . @NikeFootball #myground . ' The Advertising Standards Authority has not yet received any complaints about the promotional tweets for Adidas . But a spokesman said : ` If we receive complaints that tweets have broken rules , we will investigate . ` Marketing communications must be obviously identifiable as such . ` If any social media account -LRB- including celebrity twitter accounts -RRB- are tweeting ads and it 's not clear from the context that these are marketing communications then they need to be labelled as an ad . ' Some fans saw straight through the players ' Adidas tweets , with GX Blue tweeting : ` I bet you David Silva did n't write that tweet himself !! ' A spokesman for Adidas said : ` To our knowledge , there have not been any complaints about the tweets and we have not been contacted by the ASA with regards to this matter . ` This is a promotion we run several times a year in collaboration with our players to offer fans a sizeable discount and the tweets are clearly identifiable as marketing communication . '