Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown and sought to answer the player 's criticism over the way the incident was handled . John Wild , from Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire , was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service , pay compensation and cover court fees after being found guilty of racially abusing Brown while he was playing for Dartford in a Vanarama Conference fixture at Bristol Rovers last October . Brown , 32 , welcomed the outcome of the case but , in doing so , also criticised a number of bodies , including Kick It Out , The Football Association and the Professional Footballers ' Association , after he felt they ` did nothing about it ' . Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused Jason Brown . But Kick It Out , who work within football to promote equality and encourage inclusive practices , has responded to Brown 's concerns following Wild 's conviction at Bristol Magistrates Court . ` We are pleased to see the investigation undertaken by Avon and Somerset Police reach a satisfactory conclusion after Jason Brown was racially abused earlier this season , ' read a Kick It Out statement , which said the organisation immediately informed the FA as soon as it was made aware of the incident . ` Paul Mortimer , Kick It Out 's Professional Players Engagement Manager , met Jason on Wednesday 8 October 2014 , the day after the incident , to discuss the matter in full . ` Jason gave his account of the incident and Paul clearly outlined the processes we follow when an investigation is under way , which is consistent in every case of discrimination we are involved in , throughout the meeting . ` During the discussion , Paul offered the support of Kick It Out to Jason , as we do with every complainant we are in touch with , and they both agreed to a follow-up meeting . Brown criticised Kick It Out for not doing enough to help him in his case from October last year . ` When Paul subsequently attempted to arrange a date , via phone calls and text message , to discuss with Jason how we could look to assist , Jason did not respond , nor did he to another enquiry from Kick It Out . ' Kick It Out said contact was maintained with the FA ` to gain regular updates on the case ' and , as the organisation has no formal investigative or regulatory powers , they work with the governing bodies on their processes and procedures , and liaise directly with the Police as and when required . ` We actively follow each complaint through to its conclusion , and if we are not satisfied with how a case is investigated , we will look to intervene , ' the statement added . ` Paul 's role sees him working with players from all levels of football to offer them ongoing guidance and advice , and to ensure that we are tackling issues of discrimination effectively , as a collective , across the English game . ` We will continue to push for just outcomes for all those who may be abused , and for adequate sanctions of perpetrators . ' Brown , who has said in the past that the PFA and Kick It Out need to step aside and let a ` new and younger generation ' combat racism , welcomed the court verdict but remained critical of the support he had received during the process . ` This is a sign of progress for everyone , not just people with colour , ' Brown , who has played for Gillingham , Blackburn and Leeds , wrote on his Twitter account . ` While this progression is in society I sincerely pray and hope that these so called anti-racism -LRB- groups -RRB- will one day actually do what they say they will and support and treat every player no matter what league they are in as equals , instead of this constant lip service that they continue to provide . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .