An frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days when she was being treated at Perth 's new Fiona Stanley Hospital -LRB- FSH -RRB- , but the West Australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong . Joyce Tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to FSH on March 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms . She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her . Joyce Tabram , 82 , lost five kilograms in five days while she being treated at Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth . Ms Tabram told the ABC her test was put off until April 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken . She has called for the hospital to be shut down . ` Fiona Stanley Hospital , I think it stinks that 's all I can say , ' Ms Tabram said . While Opposition leader Mark McGowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at FSH , Health Minister Kim Hames defended FSH doctors ' treatment of Ms Tabram . Mr Hames said the 82-year-old had a medical condition that required her to fast and she was given fluids intravenously . He said a planned medical test was delayed but her condition improved and she was still expected to have the test this week . Doctors at Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth asked Ms Tabram to fast for five days after arriving at the hospital on March 30 with a swollen abdomen . ` Even if that test had been undertaken , she still would not have been able to have food and water by mouth because of the medical condition , so her treatment was correct , ' Dr Hames told reporters . ` It was n't that she was having to continue to fast waiting for the test - she had to fast because her medical condition required that to occur . ' Dr Hames said there had been miscommunication between staff and the patient and her family . ` Either they have n't understood , or have n't been given the full amount of information , ' he said . ` It 's unfortunate they believe she 's been terribly treated when in fact the review of the medical notes suggests that that 's not the case . ' Dr Hames was confident based on the medical notes and his own treatment of patients with the same condition that Ms Tabram was cared for appropriately . He also apologised to the family for the incident . ` Clearly they do n't feel they 've been managed well and that means there 's been a communication issue , ' he said . But Mr McGowan said this was ` part of a pattern of behaviour of the management of Fiona Stanley Hospital ' , adding : ` She could easily have died . ' Dr Hames said the matter would be followed up with the specialist .