Everton may be languishing in the bottom half of the Premier League table but that did n't stop nearly 4,000 staunch supporters turning out to watch an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday . The Toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday as they prepare to face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium in Saturday 's lunchtime kick-off . Fans were invited to watch Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free , while John Stones and Aaron Lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session at the club 's megastore . Everton 's players train at Goodison Park on Tuesday as almost 4,000 fans watch on from the stands . Toffees skipper Phil Jagielka -LRB- right -RRB- leads the way as Roberto Martinez 's players warm up . Winger Aaron Lennon smiles as Everton prepare to take on Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday . A group of Everton fans pose outside Goodison Park prior to Tuesday 's open training session . First-team players - including the fit again Steven Pienaar and Kevin Mirallas - took part as Martinez and his coaching staff gave those in attendance a glimpse of what goes on at Finch Farm . Midfielders Aaron Lennon and Leon Osman appeared in particularly high spirits as the Blues continued their preparation for Saturday 's clash with Garry Monk 's side . Romelu Lukaku did not take part in the session but Martinez has confirmed that the Belgium striker does have a chance of being fit for the weekend after missing the 1-0 win against Southampton with a hamstring injury picked up against QPR . Saturday 's narrow win over Saints was Everton 's third consecutive triumph in the league - a run of form which has moved them 11 points clear of the relegation zone and virtually assured top-flight safety . Leon Osman enjoys himself during training after helping Everton win their third game in a row on Saturday . Midfielder James McCarthy signs autographs for supporters outside Goodison Park on Tuesday . Lennon and Kevin Mirallas -LRB- left -RRB- share a laugh as manager Roberto Martinez watches his players train . Leighton Baines emerges from the Goodison Park tunnel just four days after the 1-0 win over Southampton . The Toffees were six games into a seven-game winning streak exactly a year ago and Gareth Barry - who returned from suspension against Ronald Koeman 's side - wants to emulate that run . Speaking to evertontv , Barry said : ` We 've got a nice little run going at the minute and we 'll try to keep that going for as long as possible . ` I think we showed last year that we 're capable of going on runs like this . We won seven in a row , so if we want to try and keep winning , that 's got to be our target . ` There are some tough games coming up , starting at Swansea , but the confidence is growing and the form is coming back . '