The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson , Missouri were released on Thursday . Seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama ; ` What black man holds a steady job for four years . ' In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ` lazy ' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman . Scroll down for videos . The emails -LRB- above -RRB- that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson , Missouri were released on Thursday . Police captain Richard Henke -LRB- left -RRB- and city cleark Mary Ann Twitty -LRB- right -RRB- were fired after exchanging racist emails . Former police sergeant William Mudd -LRB- above -RRB- said he was getting his dogs welfare in one email as they are ` mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak English , and have no frigging clues who their Daddies are ' One email , sent by city clerk Mary Ann Twitty to Captain Henke and former police sergeant William Mudd , and obtained by the Washington Post , shows President Ronald Reagan holding a monkey and feeding it a bottle . The caption underneath reads ; ` Rare photo of Ronald Reagan babysitting Barack Obama in early 1962 . ' Twitty wrote at the top of that email ; ` Some of these emails just touch me more than others . ' All three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered . Another email sent by Twitty , this one to unknown recipients , is a story about a man having his daughter deliver his final child support check to her mother called ` Leroy 's last Child Support Payment . ' Last week I went to sign my dogs up for welfare . At first the lady said , ` Dogs are not elgible to draw welfare . ' So I explained to her that my dogs are mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak English , and have no frigging clues who their Daddies are . They expect me to feed them , provide them with housing and medical care . So she looked in her policy book to see what it takes to qualify . My dogs get their first checks Friday . Damn , this is a great country !! ` I be anxious to hear what she say , and bout the ` spression on her face , ' says the father . When she returns , he asks his daughter ; ` Now what yo momma say about that ? ' The girl replies , ` She say to tell you that `` you ai n't my daddy '' and what the ` spression on your face . ' There is then a photo of a black man who is missing almost all of his teeth screaming ` Lawd a Mercy !!!!! ' What 's more , at the bottom it says ; ` A smile is contagious , pass it around . ' Twitty also sent an email that showed a group of tribespeople in costumes dancing with the subject line ` Simply Beautiful , ' and wrote ; ` Michelle Obama 's high school reunion . ' Twitty is also responsible for sending an email called ` Insensitive One Liners , ' saying ; ` This is pretty funny stuff . ' To the question ` Are there too many immigrants in Britain ? ' the email says that 72 % responded ; ` I am not understanding the question please . ' Another says a man converted to Islam so he could stone his wife to death after she cheated , and there are numerous references to pedophilia and sex with underage girls . ` Went to the pub with my girlfriend last night . Locals were shouting `` pedophile ! '' and other names at me just because my girlfriend is 21 and I 'm 50 , ' says the email at one point . ` It completely spoiled our 10th anniversary . An email sent by Mudd to Twitty and then forwarded on by Twitty to unknown recipients is about a black woman getting an abortion in New Orleans . ` Two weeks later she received a check for $ 5,000 , ' reads the email . ` She phoned the hospital to ask who it was from . ' It then closes by saying ; ` The hospital said , ` Crimestoppers , '' ' In another , Mudd writes to Twitter about getting his dogs on welfare as they ` are mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak English , and have no frigging clues who their Daddies are . ' He adds ; ` They expect me to feed them , provide them with housing and medical care . ' Mudd then says at this point the worker went to see if his dogs qualified for Welfare . ` My dogs get their first checks Friday , ' he wrote after that . ` Damn , this is a great country !!!! ' The only email sent by Captain Henke meanwhile was the aforementioned one about President Obama . President Obama -LRB- above -RRB- has not commented yet on the emails released on Thursday . Analysis of more than 35,000 pages of police records in Ferguson last month found racist comments from officers as well as statistics that showed African-Americans make up 93 percent of arrests while accounting for only 67 percent of the population in Ferguson , an unnamed department official said . A black woman in New Orleans was admitted into the hospital -LSB- for -RSB- pregnancy termination . Two weeks later she received a check for $ 5,000 . She phoned the hospital to ask who it was from . The hospital said , ` Crimestoppers . ' The Department of Justice report also found that 88 per cent of people against whom police used excessive force were black . According to figures recorded between 2012 and 2014 , blacks were also twice as likely to be searched than whites during traffic stops , though contraband showed up more during searches of white drivers . What 's more , charges for minor violations such as ` manner of walking in roadway ' disproportionately affected black residents and were used ` not as a public service , but as a tool for raising revenue . ' Nationwide protests of police actions that resulted in deaths of African Americans in Ferguson , New York and Cleveland laid bare racial tensions and what President Barack Obama called ` simmering distrust ' between police and communities . Black offenders are also less likely to have their cases dismissed by a municipal judge and they are more likely to be taken into custody on outstanding warrants during traffic stops , compared to their white counterparts . The Justice Department plans to use the findings to negotiate policy changes with Ferguson officials and enter a consent decree , or to sue the city to force change . Previous federal investigations into police departments have resulted in such changes as reporting arrest data to the Justice Department and installing federal monitors to oversee operations . The report 's findings vindicate critics who have cited a pattern of abuse in Ferguson . But they are unlikely to restore full trust in the Ferguson police by citizens who were angered when a grand jury decided not to indict Michael Brown 's killer , officer Darren Wilson . After a separate investigation , the Justice Department decided not to pursue federal charges against Darren Wilson , who has said he acted in self-defense . ` What it shows is that a culture existed and was allowed to fester in Ferguson municipal government and Ferguson Police Department . What we have seen so far is a few voluntary resignations but not a full acceptance of responsibility for that culture that has been allowed to exist in that municipal government , ' St. Louis official Antonio French said of the emails . ` Even after the DOJ report ... there is still a lot of work to be done and it still remains to be seen whether the people who remain in power will be the ones to make the change . '