Violent protesters in Baltimore , Maryland injured several police officers on Monday , throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor . While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters , at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live TV . A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on . Scroll down for video . Approved police weapon ? A Baltimore police officer was pictured Monday night lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters . And a video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene , though it 's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer . Baltimore Police did not immediately return Daily Mail Online 's request for comment Tuesday morning . Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray . About 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for Gray 's death . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has promised that the rioters will be held accountable for the damage they have caused . Maryland Governor Larry Hogan also announced a state of emergency and called the National Guard to come and help local police . Tuesday night , a curfew will be put in place from 10 pm until 5 am . Gray died on April 19 from spinal trauma , a week after he was arrested and possibly injured while in police custody . The Department of Justice is currently investigating whether officers who arrested Gray on April 12 caused the fatal trauma . On the offensive : Above , a young man throws a brick at police following the funeral of Freddie Gray in Baltimore , Maryland on Monday . Back and forth : Fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with protesters Monday night , including two who were in a serious condition .