A white supremacist with a split tongue and ` Satan ' tattooed on his face has been sentenced to life in prison for stabbing a black man to death . David Adam Pate from Lancaster , North Carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013 . The 25-year-old serial criminal , who pleaded guilty to the murder on Thursday , told police he just wanted to ` cut his dad gum head off , ' and that he cut him with a butcher 's knife , ` just like the one Michael Myers used in -LRB- the movie -RRB- Halloween . ' During an interview after his arrest , he even blamed the victim for the murder , saying : ` It was his fault . Why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me ? ' Scroll down for video . Jailed : David Adam Pate , 25 , -LRB- mugshot from 2013 left and in court on Thursday right -RRB- from Lancaster , North Carolina told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013 . He was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole for the slaying . During the sentencing hearing , James 's two brothers described him as the ` devil ' , admitting that they wanted him to suffer in prison . One of them , who spoke at his sentencing , said a man like that ` does n't deserve to live on this earth ' before storming out of the court screaming in distress . According to The Charlotte Observer , police found at least 20 knives , both store bought and homemade , and more than 20 masks in Pate 's home after he was arrested , when children who were playing in the woodland found the victim 's decomposing body . He was already in jail at the time , having been arrested for disorderly conduct two weeks before . As he was booked into custody , officers took a frightening mugshot of Pate . He stuck out his split tongue and revealed a 974 tattoo on his neck - the sign of the white power gang , Gangster Disciples . Emotionless : Prosecutors said Pate deserved to die in prison . He has never offered the James family an apology for the ` senseless and remorseless ' act . Confession : The 25-year-old told police during a taped interview used a butcher 's knife , ` just like the one Michael Myers used in -LRB- the movie -RRB- Halloween ' to kill James -LRB- right -RRB- . During a police interview , he described how he covered James 's remains up because he wanted to kill someone in the same place . He said he tied James with a rope from neck to ankles so that he could drag the body away after the stabbing site , but was too drunk and tired to continue to try and drag James 's body to a nearby creek . Prosecutors added they they thought Pate deserved to die behind bars . Solicitor Randy Newman told the court : ` This is an evil man standing before you . If anyone deserves life in prison , it 's David Pate . ' Judge Dan Hall sentenced Pate to life in prison with no chance for parole , calling the murder a ` senseless and remorseless ' act . Pate has never spoken to the family or offered an apology . Horrifying : After he was arrested Pate even blamed the victim for the murder , saying : ` It was his fault . Why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me . '