Andy Lee will be onto a winner no matter what happens on Saturday night . The 30-year-old arrived in New York on a crest of a wave , a newly crowned world champion eager to lap up the first defence of the title he won so superbly before Christmas . And his future took the most unexpected of twists on Friday night after American Peter Quillin , the undefeated former WBO middleweight champion , failed to make required 160 lbs weight ensuring the battle at the Barclays Center will have no title on the line . Andy Lee -LRB- left -RRB- lines up with -LRB- L-R -RRB- Danny Garcia , Lamont Peterson and his opponent Peter Quillin in New York . Lee 's bout on Saturday will no longer be a title fight after Quillin failed to make the 160 lb weight . Lee was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year . Lee works out with trainer Adam Booth at the Barclays Centre ahead of his showdown with Quillin . Quillin says he has faced struggles his whole life and that this fight will just be the latest in a long line . Quillin , who had been out for a year , initially hit the scales at 161.9 and despite a quick run and hope session on the treadmill saw him register 160.6 , it was not enough . Naturally , the Irishman still wants to impress , especially with the event screened live on US TV to an expected audience of millions . Yet when the bells goes , he knows nothing can destroy his own title dream . ` He came back onto the scales and in the end it was just too much for him to lose , ' said trainer Adam Booth . ` You can lose three pounds in a short space of time but it did n't happen . Andy still has to go out and do a job . ` I think he knew he was n't going to make the weight but he still tried . He lost 0.8 of a pound knowing that he was n't going to make it . He tried his arse off . ` He could n't make it . That 's not our problem . All Andy can do is his job . And his job is to make weight professionally . To be fit , strong and ready for everything that can happen in this fight -- and he is . ' ` I am still happy that I can fight Andy but it is disappointing , ' added a dejected Quillin who had not fought for a year after vacating his belt to tend to his dying uncle , a factor which clearly worked against him when aiming to reach the desired fighting weight . ` I did n't want to let down any of my fans or family who wanted me to get my title back . This wo n't effect my confidence . Nothing will break me and I will always stay in the eye of the storm . ' The Irishman took his world title chance by beating Korobov for the WBO middleweight title . The 30-year-old admits he may have retired from boxing had he not beaten John Jackson in June last year . Lee celebrates his world title win in December . Providing Lee comes through unscathed , London 's Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger - while a lucrative fight against Puerto Rico legend Miguel Cotto is also a potential option . It was two hours of unexpected drama but no matter -- it simply means Lee has even longer to bask in the spotlight . What a difference 10 months makes . Last summer 30 year-old Irishman was struggling to get a shot at the big time . The end of his career was lurching into view . Trainer Booth sat the man from Limerick down and laid it on the line . If John Jackson was n't beaten , and beaten well , it could have been time to call it a day . Not only was Jackson superbly put to the sword , he then went on to scoop the big one . A brilliant flurry of right hands in Las Vegas before Christmas sent the previously unbeaten Matt Korobov crashing and the new WBO middleweight champion of the world was crowned . It was just desserts for an underrated fighter who chiseled his inner grit , strength and dynamism on the mean streets of Detroit under the legendary guidance of Emanuel Steward in his famous Kronk gym . On Saturday comes the chance to take another huge bite out of the Big Apple and back up promoter Lou Di Bella 's claims that the Irish warrior is a superstar in the making . Quillin , who boasts a record of 31-0 with 22 ko 's says his 12 months out of competitive action have seen him adopt a new found freshness and desire which should ensure one hell of a tussle at what should be a rocking Barclays Center in Brooklyn . There is a permanent glint in his eye . Lee , though , is ready . ` Kid Chocalate ' Quillin -LRB- left -RRB- , pictured with Gabriel Rosado , has not been beaten in 31 professional fights . Lee 's next fight could be a lucrative contest against legendary Puerto Rican Miguel Cotto -LRB- right -RRB- . ` I have lived and fought in the US for years so this holds absolutely no fears for me . Some fighters from the UK may look at coming to the States and be thinking what a big platform it is and that could weigh on their mind , ' he said . ` I do n't have those problems . Detroit was a tough school to learn my trade . The gym was a ` kill or be killed atmosphere . ' There was no regard for reputation and you had to prove yourself every day . ` I have fought in tough gyms before but this was the toughest . It 's not just about the technical aspects , people there are trying to knock your head off . ` I was the King of the gym but it has helped me become the fighter I am . There would be young lads ready to have a go but I took it all . Competition like that breeds success . ` I am sure he has trained well but activity is an important thing for a fighter and could be a factor . I am not banking on him being rusty but when you are fighting and making weight regularly , everything comes more naturally . Being as active as I have been is an advantage for me . ` If it had n't gone to plan against Jackson we would have had to make some tough decisions . Boxing is a hard game and it 's tough way to make a living . I am so proud to be an Irishman from Limerick defending my title in New York City . ` It does n't get much better than this . ' Trainer Booth -LRB- right -RRB- has been holed up with Lee in Monte Carlo ahead of the big fight on Saturday . Holing up with Booth in Monte Carlo has got Lee in tune for the biggest night of his life . ` Looking back , did I think it was going to happen for him ? No , ' admitted the man who helped David Haye become world champion . ` I knew he would be able to win a title but it 's whether or not that opportunity would have ever come up . ` The pressure of him achieving something has been lifted and he 's expressing himself like never before . It 's a joy to watch .