Bruce Jenner revealed he is a Republican and a Christian during the much-anticipated interview in which he revealed he is transitioning to be a woman . Interviewer Diane Sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night . Jenner said ` I 've always been on the more conservative side ' when he was asked about LGBT issues - and replied ` yes ' when asked if he was a Republican . Sawyer had mentioned President 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent State of The Union address . Jenner said : `` He actually was the first one to say the actual word transgender , I will certainly give him credit for that . ' ` But not to get political , I 've just never been a big fan -- I 'm kind of more on the conservative side . ' Scroll down for video . Republican : Bruce Jenner told Diane Sawyer he is a Republican as he announced his transition to a woman on Friday night . Jenner added that neither the Republicans nor Democrats had a ` monopoly on understanding ' and said he would lobby the GOP over LGBT rights . ` I would do that , yeah , in a heartbeat , ' he said . He also said in the interview that he still considers himself a heterosexual , discussed his faith and said he was a Christian . ` I would sit in church and always wonder , `` In God 's eyes , how does he see me ? '' ' he said . ` Maybe this is my cause in life . ' His remarks came in the Friday night interview in which Jenner revealed that he identifies as a woman - his ` true self ' and a childhood dream - in an explosive ABC interview with Diane Sawyer . The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star sparked rumors about his gender identity last year after visibly altering his appearance . And last night , he confirmed that he is reinventing himself physically in a bid to transition from male to female in the highly-anticipated , intimate sit-down . Speaking in front of millions of viewers , including Kim Kardashian and her family , Bruce tearfully revealed : ` For all intents and purposes , I am a woman . Christian : Jenner also said that he is a Christian and wondered whether transitioning to a woman was his cause in life . ` My brain is much more female than it is male . That 's what my soul is . Bruce lives a lie . She is not a lie . ' He firmly added : ` I ca n't do it anymore . ' During the interview , Bruce also admitted that he has been regularly taking female hormones - and plans to completely transform into a woman . But he said he was still attracted to females . ` I was never attracted to the guys , ' he told Diane , explaining how he has always enjoyed a good sex life . And he denied that his revelations were for publicity purposes . Instead , he made them due to his inability to continue to ` pull the curtain ' , he said . Indeed , hiding his identity was so painful for Bruce that it once left him contemplating suicide to escape from the never-ending scrutiny , he revealed . Many viewers and celebrities were taking to social media last night to congratulate Bruce on making a giant leap for the transgender community . Lady Gaga tweeted : ' #BruceJennerABC Now that is bravery ' , before telling her fans to 'em power people like Bruce ' globally by ` being loving & not mean ' . Meanwhile , Bruce 's 17-year-old daughter , Kylie Jenner , tweeted an emotional message to her father . ` Understandingly , this has been very hard for me . You will hear what I have to say when I 'm ready to but this is n't about me . I 'm so proud of you , Dad . You are so brave . My beautiful Hero , ' she wrote .