Memories of drunken escapades may make us blush , but now a computer can use similar facial flushes to recognise people who have had one drink too many . Greek researchers created the algorithm , which determines a person 's state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose . And they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition . Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober -LRB- left -RRB- and drunken images -LRB- right -RRB- pixel-by-pixel -LRB- a single pixel is shown above the left eyebrow -RRB- . Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . Thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example . Many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol , caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system . When alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow , which causes some people to flush . Alcohol also affects the hypothalamus , which regulates the body 's temperature . Thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example . In the study , the researchers found that the temperature of the forehead and to a lesser extent , the nose , is the best indication of a person 's drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy . While the alcohol got some volunteers more tipsy than others , they all had a blood alcohol content of at least 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood . This figure is the drink driving limit in Scotland as well as most European countries -- but slightly below the English and Welsh limit of 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood . The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel . They found that the temperature of the forehead , and to a lesser extent the nose , is the best indication of a person 's drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 per cent accuracy . The scientists wrote in the study , published in the journal Forensic Journal International : ` It was found that it was mainly the face forehead that changed thermal behaviour with alcohol consumption . ' The algorithm worked even on faces that it had n't been trained on , and without comparing them to images of people when they were sober . Many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol , caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system . They found the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a person 's drunken state , and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy . Red squares in these images of two drunk people reveal the areas which can be used to discriminate between drunk and sober most effectively . A sober participant 's face is shown left , while the same participant 's face is pictured right after he had been drinking . The algorithm worked even on faces that it had n't been trained on , and without comparing them to images of people when they were sober . When alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow , which causes some people to flush . Alcohol also affects the hypothalamus , which regulates the body 's temperature . Just three hours behind the wheel at night can make motorists drive as badly as if they were drunk , scientists claim . Driver tiredness after a few hours has the same effect as being over the drink-driving limit , a 2011 study revealed . Even two hours of motorway driving in the dark can affect performance so severely it is the same as having a couple of drinks . It 's estimated that one-fifth of all traffic accidents are due to sleepiness behind the wheel and one in three people admit to nodding off while driving at night . The researchers hope their technology could be used by the police to spot intoxicated people who might start trouble at football matches , for example and say it could be installed in cars and lorries to spot potential drink drivers . It could perhaps work in tandem with other technology to stop a car from being able to be driven . Scientists in Germany are already working on a way to stop drink drivers getting behind the wheel by analysing their speechm for example . They announced in December they have created the first library of drunk speech patterns , which could be used to predict drunkenness by listening for vocal cues . Called the Alcohol Language Corpus , the database was made by researchers from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and the Institute of Legal Medicine between 2007 and 2009 by giving people too much alcohol to drink , before recording conversations conducted in a stopped car , where the drunk person was sitting in the passenger seat . There are currently conversations from 162 German men and women in the publicly-available audio database . While the alcohol got some more tipsy than others , all the volunteers in the study had a blood alcohol content of 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood , which is the drink driving limit in Scotland as well as most European countries . A stock image illustrating drink driving is shown . The researchers hope their technology could be used by the police to spot intoxicated people who might start trouble at football matches , for example and say it could be installed in cars and lorries to spot potential drink drivers . Currently , breathalyzers -LRB- pictured -RRB- are used to measure alcohol content . From this , an algorithm capable of detecting whether someone is drunk by listening in on slurring speech patterns , was created by computer scientists at Queens College and Columbia University . They found they could detect drunken speech patterns much like identifying an accent . Drunken speech hallmarks include stammering and stuttering . Voices also tend to rise in pitch and words begin to slur , they said . It is hoped that the software could be used alongside devices such as locks and immobilisers to make it impossible for people to drive when drunk -- perhaps by asking them a few questions while analysing the driver 's voice . ` The cars themselves could listen to the driver , detect that the potential driver is intoxicated , and prevent the car from starting , ' the researchers explained .