Manchester United star Ryan Giggs has apologised to his brother for the eight-year affair he had with his wife . His apology came nearly four years after bedding her for the last time . Ryan , 41 , phoned Rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship . Celebrity Big Brother star : Natasha Giggs had an eight-year affair with football legend Ryan Giggs . Reconciliation : Rhodri -LRB- left -RRB- and brother Ryan -LRB- right -RRB- have ended their four-year feud over the affair . A source told the Sun newspaper that ` Ryan rang Rhodri out of the blue a few weeks ago . Rhodri moved on a long time ago but was adamant Ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong . ' On Easter Sunday the two brothers were spotted out together with friends at the Neighbourhood bar in Manchester . A clubber said : ` They were sitting in the VIP area and looked like they were enjoying each other 's company again . ' Happy families : Ryan with wife Stacey Cooke on the red carpet in 2011 before the affair revelations . High Court injunction battle : Ryan Giggs spent £ 150,000 trying to silence Big Brother star Imogen Thomas from revealing details of their affair . Rhodri with his wife Natasha before he knew about her eight-year affair with his brother Ryan . The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhodri 's wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger . Natasha also said she had aborted Ryan 's baby just weeks before she got married to Rhodri in Las Vegas . She decided to go public in 2011 after Ryan Giggs ' controversial attempt to place a gagging order on Big Brother star Imogen Thomas after their six-month affair ended . Ryan Giggs ' attempt at silencing Imogen Thomas backfired when a Twitter campaign resulted in an MP naming him in parliament . He spent £ 150,000 getting a High Court injunction against her . However , his attempt to silence her fell apart after a sustained Twitter campaign that resulted in an MP naming him in parliament . In January 2012 , Natasha went on to Celebrity Big Brother , where she openly talked about the affair to her fellow housemates . Ryan lives with wife Stacey and their two children in a £ 4m mansion . He is currently part of Manchester United manager Louis Van Gaal 's backroom staff with his side third in the Barclays Premier League . Natasha originally left Rhodri but the two later unsuccessfully tried to reconcile , and they divorced in 2013 . Natasha , 32 , had a son last year with a new partner . Rhodri is now married to Ashleigh Turner , 24 , and they have a baby son . Much happier times : Ryan -LRB- left -RRB- with his brother Rhodri -LRB- right -RRB- as young children before their fallout . Ryan Giggs -LRB- left -RRB- now works as the Manchester United assistant manager to Louis van Gaal -LRB- right -RRB- . Yesterday he was banned from driving for six months , after being caught driving his Mercedes with no insurance in Ardwick near Manchester . Manchester Magistrates Court also ordered him to pay £ 215 in fines and costs . He told the court he would lose his job as a HGV driver for an agency if he lost his licence . ` I 've been awaiting the outcome of this . It 's been difficult . They only allow certain people to drive for them . I will lose my job if I lost my licence , ' he said . ` It 's not exceptional hardship but I would obviously have to find something else . '