The son of Linford Christie was caught with almost £ 1,500 worth of crack cocaine and heroin - just months after he was jailed for allowing his home to be used as a drugs den , a court heard today . Liam Linford Oliver-Christie , 29 , whose father is the former Olympic sprinter , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in West Kensington , west London . Officers uncovered the haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in September 2013 - and Oliver-Christie today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs . Drugs charges : Liam Linford Oliver-Christie -LRB- pictured outside Isleworth Crown Court today -RRB- was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in West Kensington , west London , in September 2013 . Isleworth Crown Court in Middlesex was told today that the drugs cache included 14.1 g -LRB- 0.50 oz -RRB- of cocaine of up to 40 per cent purity and 841 mg -LRB- 0.03 oz -RRB- of heroin of up to 60 per cent purity . Neil Griffin , prosecuting , said : ` There was a search warrant executed on September 30 but Mr Oliver-Christie was not at home . However , under the floorboards there was a box containing drugs . ' Oliver-Christie , who today wore a black leather jacket and bright pink trainers , was jailed for 15 months at the same court in August 2012 for ` turning a blind eye ' to drug dealing at his home . When officers burst into his home - on a road with an average property value of nearly £ 600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his raised ground floor flat . Raid : When officers burst into his home in West Kensington -LRB- above -RRB- - on a road with an average property value of nearly £ 600,000 - they saw cocaine and heroin being thrown from the window of his flat . A tub of white protein powder - used to ` cut ' the drugs and up dealers ' profits - was also discovered , and the drugs found in the box had a street value of £ 1,410 . Sprinter : Linford Christie -LRB- pictured above in 1993 -RRB- was the toast of British athletics for a decade . He had denied possessing criminal property but was convicted after a trial . Oliver-Christie also has a previous burglary conviction from 2002 . Bailing him before sentencing on May 15 , Judge Martin Edmunds QC said : ` You have pleaded guilty to counts two and four of the indictment and those have been accepted by the Crown . ` Sentence in this case will take place on May 19 , and in the interim I will ask the Probation Service to prepare a pre-sentence report about you and address your drug issues . ' The court was told Oliver-Christie 's drug issues are now ` under control , ' while he is being supported by friends and relatives . Emma Fenn , defending , said : ` He has sought voluntary help and that has been resolved with family help . He is suitable for unpaid work if this passes the community threshold . ' Two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs , which Oliver-Christie denies , were ordered to lie on the court file . His gold-medal winning father did not attend his latest hearing today . The sprinter was the toast of British athletics for a decade after sprinting to victory at the Barcelona Games in 1992 and later glory at the World , Commonwealth and European 100m . But his career was hit in 1999 when he tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone and was banned by the Monaco-based International Association of Athletics Federations . However 55-year-old Christie has always denied taking performance-enhancing drugs and was cleared by UK Athletics .