A Chinese-born American geologist was deported and returned to his Texas home following his release from prison in China after serving nearly eight years on charges of ` illegally procuring state secrets ' . Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing 's No. 2 Prison . He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior . Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston , Texas , on Friday following his release from Beijing 's No. 2 Prison . The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence at the Chinese prison -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Xue Min -LRB- right -RRB- waits with daughter Guo Jie -LRB- left -RRB- for the trial of her brother outside a Chinese court in 2010 . At the time of his release , Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security , according to the Dui Hua foundation . The foundation has long advocated on Xue 's behalf . Executive director John Kamm said : ` Dui Hua is delighted that Dr Xue has finally been reunited with his family in America after a terrible ordeal , ' ` The foundation wishes him every success as he rebuilds his life . ' The 50-year-old Xue was detained in November of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China 's oil industry . His case raised questions about whether normal business activities elsewhere might conflict with China 's vague state security laws . Supporters also said Xue was physically abused in detention and denied proper legal rights . American diplomats had lobbied hard for Xue 's release , saying his alleged crimes did n't warrant the harshness of his sentence . Tong Wei , the lawyer for the jailed American geologist , seen leaving Beijing High People 's Court in 2011 . President Obama personally lobbied for Xue 's release during a visit to Beijing in November of 2009 , the New York Times reported . After a court upheld Xue 's conviction in February of 2011 , American ambassador Jon Huntsman said : ` This has been a long , difficult and painful ordeal for Xue Feng , but not only for Xue but also for his wife , Nan , and his two kids . ` We ask the Chinese government to consider an immediate humanitarian parole of Xue Feng , thereby allowing him to get back to his family and his way of life . ' Xue was born in China and earned a doctorate at the University of Chicago , where he was praised by his advisers for his thoroughness and hard work . After becoming a United States citizen , he returned to his native country to work for US consultancy IHS Energy , now known as IHS Inc. . In pronouncing him guilty , the Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People 's Court said his actions ` endangered our country 's national security ' . The verdict said Xue received documents on geological conditions of onshore oil wells and a database that gave the coordinates of more than 30,000 oil and gas wells belonging to China National Petroleum Corp. and listed subsidiary PetroChina Ltd. .