It 's that time of year when football managers double as mathematicians . With points running out and prizes at a premium , they 're praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive . But for those at the top of a claustrophobic Championship , the maths is simple -- win every game or risk missing out on a potential £ 120million payday . Two points separate four teams , with four games remaining . To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League . Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves . Aitor Karanka is not wasting his time on permutations . Lee Tomlin -LRB- centre -RRB- fires Middlesbrough 1-0 ahead against Rotherham United in the Championship match . Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka -LRB- right -RRB- is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures this season . ` We have to win our games , ' said the Spaniard . ` I think by winning four games we will get promotion , but it is very difficult . We have to forget the other teams and just concentrate on our games . ' Wolves are seven points behind Boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after Saturday 's 2-1 defeat to Midlands rivals Birmingham . And head coach Kenny Jackett admits they have played must-win games for a while . He said : ` It seems to have been that way for about three months , where we have been chasing . ` We have been working hard to make sure the sides at the top do n't get away . It 's good we 're in this position . We want to be a Premier League club . ' Callum Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- is congratulated after scoring his side 's second goal against Brighton in their last game . Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe insists that his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table . The Championship leaders Bournemouth travel to Reading . And the message from Eddie Howe to his team is very much : ` Do n't get ahead of yourselves ' . ` With every win , we take it away from some of the teams that have been challenging all season , but I still think it is anyone 's , ' said Howe . ` We have to focus on every game , not get complacent , and remember that this league has a habit of throwing up surprises . We want to make sure that we stay strong until the end . ' Norwich are the division 's form team having won four on the spin and , ahead of their trip to Leeds , manager Alex Neil said : ` My job is simple . I said it before -LRB- Saturday 's 2-1 win at Bolton -RRB- we had five left and we had to win every one . Now we have four it 's the same . ' Bolton Wanderers ' Josh Vela -LRB- left -RRB- and Norwich City 's Nathan Redmond -LRB- right -RRB- battle for the ball . Watford are the team sandwiched in third and they have the benefit of seeing how their rivals perform before they take on Nottingham Forest at the City Ground on Wednesday . The leading quartet could all guarantee their place in the play-offs at least with midweek victories . But for the chasing pack , four must go into two . Derby , Ipswich , Brentford and Wolves are within just one point of each other and must produce title-winning form between now and May 2 to be sure of post-season participation . Meanwhile , matters at the bottom of the table have been complicated after Rotherham were charged yesterday with fielding an ineligible player . Derby loanee Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday but there is confusion as to whether the defender had already been recalled . Rotherham are seven points above the drop zone and will nervously await the outcome of their FA hearing , especially if Millwall -- with a game in hand -- narrow that gap to four with victory over fellow strugglers Wigan . Elsewhere in the Football League this week , Bristol City will be Championship-bound with a win at Bradford City , while Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink 's Burton Albion side and Shrewsbury could leave League Two behind them if they triumph against Carlisle and Bury respectively -- and other results go their way . Derby County striker Darren Bent turns to celebrate scoring a late equaliser against Brentford .