Dear Lord Hall , . My jeans are too tight , my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years , my friends are all incredibly Right-wing and I 've got hog-whimperingly drunk in the presence of David Cameron on more than one occasion . But none of these are the reasons why I want you to give me Jeremy Clarkson 's job . I know many men may baulk at the suggestion that a woman can take Jeremy 's place . Just look at what happened to Sue Perkins this week , who received a barrage of abuse on Twitter when her name was mentioned for the role , along the lines of : ` Men do cars , women do cake . ' But I think I 'm perfect for the job , and my principal qualification is entirely basic . I love cars . Scroll down for video . Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear . Why ? Because women love cars just as much men ! I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards . I like the mad ones with three types of suspension . I like the small , nippy ones with exciting turning circles . I like the old-fashioned ones with manual chokes . I even like those weird French ones with the hydraulic suspension that feel and handle like ocean-liners . All the most memorable moments in my life feature the internal combustion engine . As a baby , the only way my parents could get me to go to sleep was to drive me round the block in their Mini Cooper . Several times . Once I 'd nodded off , they 'd reward themselves with a pint and a packet of crisps , leaving me happily slumbering in the pub car park . Those were more laissez-faire times . When I was four , we emigrated to Italy and the Mini was sold . I clung on to the bumper for dear life , as though they had come to take away my favourite teddy . In the end it was all right , though , because it was soon replaced by a far more exciting prospect : an orange Alfasud -- an Alfa Romeo for poor people -- in which we would whizz around Rome at breakneck speed . It was n't until my father landed a job with Fiat , however , that the motor car really became central to my life . We headed north to the car capital of the world , Turin . Back then , it was a frantic place of endless smog and honking horns . Just like Clarkson , ` my jeans are too tight and my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years , ' says Sarah Vine , but that 's not the reason she believes she 'd be perfect for the vacant role on Top Gear . Here they made everything you can possibly imagine on wheels , from the great Iveco trucks to flashy Ferraris . Cars were the lifeblood of the city . Every year , when the time came to make the pilgrimage home to Britain to visit relatives , my parents would take turns driving , never stopping -LRB- they did n't want to have to pay for a hotel room -RRB- , as we children sat in the back eating our way through the vast supply of my mother 's tiny chicken sandwiches . My father , meanwhile , would smoke cigarillos , drink beer -LRB- he kept a coolbox in the front -RRB- , burp loudly -LRB- much to my mother 's horror and our delight -RRB- and listen obsessively , over and over again , to whichever new music tape was grabbing his attention at the time . These trips gave me my musical education -- and also instilled in me a great love of long-distance driving -- not to mention an obsession with road movies : Thelma & Louise , Easy Rider , The Motorcycle Diaries , Mad Max , Disney 's Cars . Top Gear is definitely not just for male petrolheads -- 40 per cent of the show 's audience is female . So you see , dear Lord Tony , to me , the motor car is so much more than a set of gears and an engine . It is freedom , possibility , adventure . And I 'm no car snob either : over the years I owned cars of all pedigrees and prices , from my first , a burgundy mini van bought for £ 500 , through various follies to a 1967 Karmann Ghia that burnt more oil than it ever did petrol . But perhaps my favourite was the old Irish-reg VW Beetle which stalled in front of the Houses of Parliament -LRB- the accelerator cable had snapped -RRB- . By the time I returned from calling the AA from the phone booth -- this was before mobile phones -- the square had been closed off , the car surrounded by police cars and bomb disposal experts were preparing to carry out a controlled explosion on it . Oops . Now I drive a rather more reliable sky blue Fiat 500 -- the new model . We have a family car , too : a tragically dull Nissan . But the Fiat is mine , and mine alone . Despite being the size of a peanut , it has six gears -LRB- I hate point-and-press automatics , they take all the fun out of driving -RRB- and a special button that says ` sport ' on it . If I press it , the exhaust makes a pleasing ` vroom , vroom ' noise , and my right foot itches to go all the way to the floor . You see , I like to be in control when I 'm behind the wheel . I 'm not one of those women who pootles along at a constant 70 in the middle lane of a motorway , rummaging around in her bag for lipstick , or surreptitiously checking her texts . When I drive a car , I really drive it . Sue Perkins -LRB- pictured -RRB- received a barrage of abuse on Twitter this week after her name was mentioned in association with presenting Top Gear . Perhaps it 's the fact that I learnt to drive in Italy , where every other driver is either a drunk or a lunatic , but I never take my eyes off the road . Driving for me is not just a means for getting from A to B , it 's a destination in itself , an exercise in judgment and quick-thinking . On the morning school run , I take great delight in achieving just the right degree of acceleration at just the right time , so that I catch a run of green lights and never end up trapped in the wrong lane . I scoff at those who drive with their eyes on the satnav instead of on the tarmac . On motorways , I check my wing and rear view mirrors every few seconds , to make sure I am at all times aware of other vehicles around me . I switch lanes constantly for speed and safety -- and yes , I am one of those people who drives up behind you as you 're cruising half asleep in the fast lane and flashes their lights . It 's the fast lane , guys , the clue is in the name . As for parking -- well , suffice to say , I loathe parking sensors . They 're far too jittery , and they seem to misunderstand the fundamental principle of bumpers , which is that they are for bumping . Gently , of course . Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- pictured -RRB- did not have his contract renewed with the BBC show after an incident with a member of the production staff . As for the idea of a self-parking car , it fills me with horror . I 'm extremely proud of my ability to parallel park in the tiniest of places . There is huge intellectual satisfaction to be gained from judging the space just so . All this , as you can imagine , makes me the most intolerable car bore . As well as an infuriating person to have in the back seat . Which is why my poor husband , who went to immense lengths to obtain his licence after the children were born , never gets a look in . I pretend it 's because I do n't trust his driving -LRB- it took him seven attempts to pass his test -RRB- . But actually his driving is fine . It 's just that I relish every and any opportunity to get behind the wheel . To feel the power beneath the pedals , to be mistress of the open road , to be in charge of the radio setting -- these are some of the things that make me happiest in life . I drive , therefore I am . Yours hopefully , . Sarah . -LRB- aka Mrs Toad -RRB- PS . I have a full , clean driving licence .