Tina Fey 's husband has spoken over the suicide of a celebrity dermatologist who killed himself in the wake of a ` bullying ' TV series which apparently parodied him for laughs . Jeff Richmond , who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife 's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , described the death of Fredric Brandt , 65 , on Sunday as ` very sad ' , speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online . It came as sources close to Brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told People magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show . The friend called the Kimmy Schmidt send up ` bullying , ' but added that it did not cause his suicide . Brandt was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning . He was pronounced dead at the scene , according to the police report . The character in question , Dr Franff , had a high-pitched laugh , a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag . His face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of Brandt 's own appearance . Scroll down for videos . Speaking out : Jeff Richmond , left in New York City today , spoke out today over the death of Dr Fredric Brandt . The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , which Richmond 's wife Tina Fey , right , created and for which Richmond has producing credits . Dr Fredric Brandt -LRB- left -RRB- has a striking resemblance to Dr Franff -LRB- right -RRB- , a character on Tina Fey 's Netflix show , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He was reportedly devastated by the portrayal . Sources were today opening up about how Brandt was wounded by the characterization - though they said that this suicide could not be pinned on one insulting TV show . A friend speaking People said : ` It was making fun of him for the way he looked and it was mean and it was bullying . ' ... It was n't the only thing troubling him , it was just one factor . It definitely hurt him . He was absolutely upset , who would want that ? But that was not why he committed suicide . But it did n't help . Another source , speaking to the New York Daily News , said that Brandt had become fixated on his appearance and cried in front of patients . The source said : ` He worked 15-hour days , his office was jam-packed , and I paid him a compliment . He was so sensitive he started to cry . He said how awful the public was , and how mean people are . He was really affected by negative feedback . ' When DailyMail.com asked Richmond about Brandt 's death near his home in New York City 's Upper West Side , he said he had n't been aware of it . He said : ` That 's very sad . I do n't know anything about it . I just got home . Tina might know , I do n't . She 's not home . ' Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry , with high-profile stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Kelly Ripa . The doctor was found dead at his Coconut Grove mansion in Miami where he lived alone with his dogs . A male friend who was staying at the home out of concern for the doctor called 911 at 9.17 am , according to a police statement . He had last seen Brandt on the Saturday night . The police report stated that the victim was suffering from depression and was currently taking medication for it . He had also been seeking daily treatment from a psychiatrist . The Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on Monday . Dr Brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . The cosmetic surgeon , pictured left , with Hugh Jackman 's wife , Deborra-Lee Furness , gallery owner Lisa Fox and Sting 's wife Trudie Styler at a Donna Karan party in February last year . Dr Brandt , a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector , at his apartment in New York on March 7 , 2014 . Marc Jacobs and Dr Brandt pictured after lunching at Pastis restaurant in The Meatpacking District of New York City in June 2009 . In a 2014 profile in The New York Times , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' . ` I approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . The article , which described the doctor as an ` unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature Y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . It was also widely known that Dr Brandt injected products including Botox , Restylane , Perlane , Juvéderm , Voluma , The Times reported , into his own face , erasing his wrinkles , leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality . Brandt worked with stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer . Left , the doctor is pictured with morning show host Kelly Ripa in 2011 at his Dr Fredric Brandt 's SiriusXM launch and right , with comedian Joy Behar at the same event . Dermatologist Dr Frederic Brandt poses for a portrait with his luxury skin-care line in November 2013 , in Miami , Florida where he had one of two medical practices . Involvement : Richmond , pictured above on the Upper West Side , has a producing credit on the episode involving the apparent Brandt parody character . Do n't know : Richmond said he did n't know anything about the death , and suggested questions be directed to his wife Tina Fey . The doctor told The Times that people often asked him if he was from Sweden . Brandt grew up in Weequahic neighborhood of Newark , New Jersey where his parents ran a candy store . His father died when he was a teenager and he lost his mother before he graduated from Rutgers University in 1971 . He went on to attend Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia . He completed residencies at NYU 's Department of Internal Medicine and then in Dermatology at the University of Miami . He set up a practice in Coral Cables , Miami in 1982 and began part-time work in New York in 1998 but quickly expanded to become one of the most in-demand cosmetic appointments . Security was tight in the gated entrance to Dr Brandt 's Miami home on Sunday . His publicist declined to comment on the circumstances or cause of death . He would sometimes see around 30 patients a day at his midtown Manhattan offices , which is filled with expensive art works , for appointments costing thousands of dollars . Brandt was considered as the number one injector of Botox and Restylane filler in the world . The doctor was regarded by his peers as a pioneer in the field and often gave lectures on the use of products . Dr Brandt also has a range of high-end dermatological products . A 1.35 oz ` Do Not Age with Dr. Brandt ' Transforming Pearl Serum costs $ 150 . He wrote two books about his work , '10 Minutes/10 Years : Your Definitive Guide to a Beautiful and Youthful Appearance ' and ` Age-less : The Definitive Guide to Botox , Collagen , Lasers , Peels , and Other Solutions for Flawless Skin ' . Along with his Miami mansion , Dr Brandt had a luxury apartment on the West Side of Manhattan with sweeping views of the Hudson River and filled with the esteemed art collection . Representatives for Dr Brandt and Fey have yet to responded DailyMail.com 's request for comments . A Netflix spokesman declined to comment . Dr Brandt had famed practices -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Miami and Manhattan . In a 2014 profile , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' Abravanel said that sources told her Dr Brandt was ` devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . The plastic surgeon , Dr Franff , in the Netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr Brandt . In one scene , where the lead character Kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . Martin Short had a small role as Dr Franff in one episode of the TV show 's first season . When he is punched by the main character , Kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . Dr Franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Martin Short . The show follows a Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . She then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski -RRB- . In the fourth episode of the show , Jacqueline visits Dr Franff to discuss a ` foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ` feet are the new butts ' . In the fourth episode of the Netflix show 's first and only season , Dr Franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- and Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski , pictured -RRB- . Dr Franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of Dr Fredric Brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour . Franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . In the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for Jacqueline , as well as on Kimmy . Franff 's platinum blond hair and tight skin have a stark resemblance to that of cosmetic dermatologist Fredric Brandt .