Victoria 's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio is recovering at a hospital in Los Angeles following a ` medical procedure ' for ` constant headaches ' , Daily Mail Online can reveal . The Brazilian supermodel -- seen partying at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday - underwent the procedure on Tuesday . She is currently being monitored at UCLA Hospital in Westwood , Los Angeles . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Emergency : Alessandra Ambrosio was treated at the Ronald Reagan center of UCLA hospital in Los Angeles . She had seemed in perfect health at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday but was suffering ` constant headaches ' Expertise : The Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center is renowned for its high-quality care . Family : Alessandra Ambrosio was with her fiance Jamie Mazur , at Coachella , when they were photographed together on Sunday night attending an afterparty . Party spirit : Alessandra Ambrosio had enjoyed the atmosphere at Coachella festival and shown no symptoms of being unwell but had booked the appointment two weeks ago , a friend told Daily Mail Online . Ambrosio is undergoing treatment at the Ronald Reagan Medical Center . A friend said she had been suffering what she described as ` constant headaches ' and had made the appointment two weeks ago . ` I have spoken to her team , her manager and everyone that went with her for her medical procedure and they say she is fine , ' the friend said . A spokesperson for the supermodel confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Ambrosio , 34 , was currently in hospital . The spokesperson said : ` Alessandro Ambrosio went to a doctor today for a scheduled medical visit and is currently in good health . ' The spokesperson said he could not comment further on Ambrosio 's condition . Ambrosio 's medical drama came after she was seen partying at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California at the weekend . The super slim Brazilian beauty spent hours at the gala with other supermodels , including Kendall Jenner . She kept her fans updated by posting dozens of photos of her and her friends at Empire Polo Club in Indio , California . On Instagram she wrote of the festival : ` What a wonderful world . ' Among the acts performing on Sunday were Vance Joy , Marina and the Diamonds , Jenny Lewis , and St. Vincent . Ambrosio has two children - son Noah , three , and daughter Anja , seven - with her fiance , California businessman Jamie Mazur . Company : Alessandra was joined by her a group of friends as they walked around the festival . Happy times : Alessandra and her pals took the time to put together this selfie as they enjoyed the festival . Good times : Alessandra Ambrosio had been with friends as she enjoyed the atmosphere at Coachella . Happy : This was the message Alessandra Ambrosio posted on Instagram . Festival goer Kylie Jenner , 17 , was one of the celebrities also partying at Coachella . Party scene : Alessandra Ambrosio was photographed with friends at Coachella .