A Germanwings passenger has revealed how a pilot on a recent flight calmed fliers ' nerves before takeoff by leaving the cockpit to give a speech so they could all look him in the eye . Hugh Roche Kelly , who was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning , posted the account on his Twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the ` tense vibe ' by his actions . Data from the second black box recorder on Germanwings Flight 4U9525 today confirmed co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately flew the Airbus A320 into the side of a mountain into the French Alps , killing 150 people . Scroll down for video . A Germanwings Airbus A320 much like the one which crashed in the French Alps , killing 150 people . A passenger on one of the company 's flights from Berlin to Paris has praised the pilot for calming nerves . Hugh Roche Kelly posted on his Twitter account how impressed he was with the pilot 's pre-flight speech . Andreas Lubitz , the Germanwings co-pilot who deliberately brought down Flight 4U9525 last week . Nerves were calmed on Mr Kelly 's flight as he took the time to say a few words in three different languages , saying he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company . Mr Kelly 's post said : ` There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal . ` Once I was actually onboard , and looked at the crew door , it was all too easy to imagine how horrific the time before that crash would have been . ` I was thinking about what kind of a response a company should make to something like this . Do you ask everyone to carry on as normal , with utmost professionalism and a stiff upper lip ? ` Then , our pilot came out and made almost his normal pre flight speech , except he did so standing in the front row . ` He spoke about how it was a difficult and strange time for him and for all the cabin crew , how they still all love doing their job , and how they 're thankful that they still have passengers coming onto their planes . ` Mostly though , he said he just wanted to come out and stand in front of everyone and let all the passengers on his flight have a moment of eye contact with him , and for us to meet him and for him to meet us . ' Mr Kelly 's post said : ` There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal ' Lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in Europe in recent history , as both black box flight recorders have no confirmed . French gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the German Airbus A320 as part of the search operation in Seyne-les-Alpes . The first black box voice recorder from the Germanwings flight that was recovered last week revealed Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . The second has now confirmed he intended to crash it . Relatives of the victims of the Germanwings Flight 4U9525 crash on Tuesday put down flowers at the memorial in Le Vernet , south-eastern France . Mr Kelly added that the pilot 's efforts had made him feel ` enormous respect for him ' , adding ` anyone listening could tell it was a difficult thing to do - to stand in front of 150 more-nervous-than-they-really-needed-to-be people and say `` everything 's going to be fine , because I am going to look after it '' . ` So , well done that man . ' The aviator 's impressive efforts came just days after it emerged how fellow Germanwings pilot Frank Woiton hugged each individual passenger as they boarded a plane preparing to retrace the route taken by ill-fated Flight 4U9525 just two days after it crashed . Woiton , 48 , told German newspaper Bild how he received a huge round of applause after he delivered an emotional speech before takeoff on the flight between Barcelona and Dusselforf . Wreckage : Rescue workers and investigators pictured at the crash site of the Germanwings Airbus A320 in the Alps . French emergency rescue services work at the crash site of the Germanwings plane where 150 people died . French emergency rescue services are pictured here sifting through the wreckage of the crashed plane . The pilot , who once flew with killer airman Lubitz , told passengers : ` You can rely on the fact that I want to sit this evening with my family at the dinner table . ' French air accident investigators said today the 27-year-old used the automatic pilot to put the plane into a descent and repeatedly adjusted the controls to speed up the aircraft . The revelation adds further weight to evidence from the cockpit voice recorder that Lubitz acted deliberately when he crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps at 430mph . A judicial source working alongside Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said the information confirmed their worst fears . The second black box , which was found charred and crumpled at the crash site yesterday , measures data such as speed , altitude and pilot action and was an ` indispensable element ' in the investigation , said the source . The BEA air accident agency said in a statement that investigators have so far only obtained initial readings from the device and were continuing to extract data . Rescue workers examine wreckage at the site of the Germanwings Airbus A320 crash in the French Alps .