The Health Secretary promised a crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected . Ending the ` abuse ' of NHS money exposed by the Mail will be a priority if the Conservatives are re-elected , the Health Secretary said last night . Speaking as the Mail revealed how NHS managers were potentially dodging income tax by channelling huge salaries through personal companies , Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election . He said : ` The Mail 's campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff . So we will stop the abuse as a priority if we form the next government . ' His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals . The Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken £ 35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation . And today it can be revealed that some could dodge tax by channelling salaries through personal companies . The practice is being used by temporary executives -- some of whom earn more than £ 2,000 a day -- and allows them to avoid paying income tax and national insurance in the normal way . Dr Sarah Wollaston , former Tory chairman of the health select committee , said : ` I was asked about the Mail 's investigation today at an open public meeting . People are right to be concerned about the best use of public money . ' Labour health spokesman Andy Burnham has also vowed that a Labour government would investigate the Mail 's evidence . And he said the astonishing pay rises should be ` clawed back ' , adding : ` It can not be right at a time when NHS staff have been asked to accept years of -LSB- pay -RSB- freezes to see this level of excess at the top . ' The extraordinary pay deals have also been condemned by the Royal College of Nursing , which branded them ` shocking ' , while health experts including the Royal College of Physicians and government health adviser Sir Brian Jarman demanded a review . Former Commons public accounts committee chairman Margaret Hodge , who investigated tax avoidance by public officials three years ago , said NHS trusts should be ` hauled ' before MPs to be held to account . ` This is a way of avoiding tax , ' the Labour MP said . ` The reason the Treasury took action to stop public officials being paid through personal service companies was because my committee uncovered this was going on . ` I 'm cross the Government has not stopped this and a future government has got to sort it out . ` They should make it a condition that if you are being paid with taxpayer money you have to be properly on the books . ' Roger Goss , of Patient Concern , said the situation was ` ludicrous ' , adding : ` There is no way of justifying it . ' Dave Prentis , general secretary of Unison , said : ` It 's sickening to see top NHS bosses using the tax rules for personal gain . ' Labour 's health spokesman Andy Burnham said his party would investigate the Mail 's findings if elected .