Sandra Malcolm 's body was discovered at her home in Cape Town , South Africa . A British ex-pat has been found hacked to death at her home in South Africa , it has emerged today . Sandra Malcolm 's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson who reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door . Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old 's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this . Mrs Malcolm , originally from Dundee in Scotland , was found on Sunday morning at the Capri Mews complex in the Marina Da Gama area of the city . The pensioner had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family in Tayside . She had lived in South Africa for 35 years and is survived by two daughters , three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren . Her nephew , Colin Chalmers , of Dundee , today said the murder had left the family ` distraught ' . ` I 'm absolutely gobsmacked , I 've never had to deal with anything like this before , it 's completely shocking . ` All I know is that my auntie has been murdered , I do n't want to court any of the rumours around it because we know very little at this stage . ' One neighbour , who asked not to be identified , told reporters they were horrified by the murder . He said : ` This is a quiet community , this is shocking , I still can not believe it . ` I saw her on Saturday afternoon last . She had some friends over . ' He described his murdered neighbour as ` friendly ' and ` burly ' , adding : ` It 's so strange because we did n't hear anything , no struggle or a gunshot . ` The grandson , we understand , found her after climbing through the bathroom window . ` I left for church before 10 am and I walked past her flat and I did n't hear or see anything . When I came back from church I saw the police vans and they said she had been murdered . ` The family is so shaken they are not in a state to speak . ' Details are still emerging of how the pensioner came to be found at her flat . Mrs Malcolm , originally from Dundee in Scotland , was found on Sunday morning at the Capri Mews complex in the Marina Da Gama area of the city -LRB- pictured -RRB- . South African news networks reported that neighbours said the pensioner was last seen with friends on Saturday afternoon . Police in Cape Town declined to comment on the circumstances of her death but said a post-mortem will be conducted to determine the exact cause of death . Forensic experts and detectives combed the scene for hours on Sunday . Police spokesperson Captain FC Van Wyk said : ` The motive for the killing is unknown at this stage . A post-mortem will be held to establish the exact cause of death . ' The murder comes amid a wave of anti-immigrant violence in South Africa . Hundreds of African immigrants have fled their homes in the country in recent weeks to escape xenophobic attacks and protests .