A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery . Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . After seven days of desperate campaigning through Facebook and the crowd funding page GoFundMe , the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $ 47,000 being raised . A teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . After a week of campaigning online , the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go . According to the Gold Coast Bulletin , Mr Byrnes ' girlfriend , Jahnae Jackson , noticed he had developed a limp a mere three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI . He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain . Mr Byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was , but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment . Knowing that this was not enough , Mr Byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure . They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by Tuesday evening . The family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations . ` Most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them , ' Mr Byrne 's fundraising page on GoFundMe reads . Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the Casino teenager . The donations have more than doubled since yesterday with over $ 47,000 being donated to GoFundMe . ' #savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $ 40,255 with two days to go , ' a supporter posted on Twitter . In seven days , over $ 47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times . ` It is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life . ' In seven days , over $ 47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times . Victorian finance , leasing and risk management company Morris Finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $ 2000 . Rooftech Australia , Summerland Credit Union and Alstonville Quality Meats have also donated generous sums for Mr Byrnes . Messages of support have also flooded social media for the Casino teenager . ` Thoughts and prayers going out to you Jackson , stay strong , ' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page . ` Hoping for the best possible outcome for you ! Hugs from our family to yours ! ' wrote another . The Twitter hashtag #savejackson has also been circulating through the Casino and Lismore area .