Google claims to have cracked a problem that has flummoxed anyone who has tried to read a doctor 's note - how to read anyone 's handwriting . The firm claims the latest update to its Android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts , and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus . It even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send . Scroll down for video . The California search giant claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . Google says its handwriting recognition works by ` building on large-scale language modeling , robust multi-language OCR , and incorporating large-scale neural-networks and approximate nearest neighbour search for character classification . ' ` Entering text on mobile devices is still considered inconvenient by many ; touchscreen keyboards , although much improved over the years , require a lot of attention to hit the right buttons , ' Google said . ` Voice input is an option , but there are situations where it is not feasible , such as in a noisy environment or during a meeting . ` Using handwriting as an input method can allow for natural and intuitive input method for text entry which complements typing and speech input methods . ' Google Handwriting Input is now available on Android phones , and the firm said it took ` many years ' to perfect . ` Google Handwriting Input is the result of many years of research at Google . ` Until recently there have been many languages where enabling this functionality presented significant challenges . Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it . It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed , and it appears to only work when you 're signed into your Google account on Chrome - although this has n't been confirmed . The same Google account must be signed into on the phone . The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google + page . It said : ` We 've all been there - you 've searched under your car seat , tossed around the sofa cushions and you still ca n't find your phone . Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . ` If you know where your computer is you can now ask Google to find your Android phone from your desktop . ` If the pesky phone is hiding nearby , Google can ring it for you - or you can see it on the map if you , say , forgot it at the bar . ` Just make sure you 've got the latest version of the Google app ! ' Google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . Users will need to install the Android Device Manager -LRB- ADM -RRB- app -LRB- pictured -RRB- if they want these features . Both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes . To locate a lost phone , sign into a Google account on Chrome via the menu in the top right-hand corner . Type ` find my phone ' either into the address bar - if Google is set as the default search engine - or open Google and type it into the search bar on the site 's homepage . A map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . This prevents people being able to track a person 's phone if the previous user forgets to log out of their Google account on a shared Chrome browser , for example . Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ` find my phone ' on the search engine 's homepage -LRB- animated -RRB- . It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed and when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . The phone 's location is then pinpointed and clicking a ` Ring ' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset . Google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . Users will need to install the Android Device Manager -LRB- ADM -RRB- app if they want these features . ADM was launched in August 2013 and works in a similar way to the search tool . It locates a phone on a map , remotely rings and lets users carry out additional security tasks . Both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes , or until it is answered .