Kevin Pietersen 's attempt to impress the England selectors ended in failure in Cardiff on Sunday afternoon . In the same Swalec Stadium arena where Pietersen hopes to be batting against Australia in the first Ashes Test this summer , the Surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on the 170 he made against the Oxford students last week . Pietersen was making his first LV = County Championship appearance since June 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the England set-up . Kevin Pietersen trudges off the pitch after being dismissed for 19 on his Championship return . Pietersen edges behind off the bowling of Craig Meschede having already survived a scare . The former England star 's expression tells the story as he sees the ball held at first slip . The 34-year-old came to the wicket just after lunch with Surrey well placed on 111 for two and he was soon into his stride with two boundaries - one through the legside and the other a fine cover drive - in the same Andy Carter over . Pietersen was fortunate to escape with a mistimed hook off Graham Wagg , which just beat the fine-leg fielder , but he picked up the fourth boundary of his innings when he drove the ball over the head of left-arm spinner Dean Cosker . However , his 28-ball stay ended when he pushed hard at Craig Meschede 's medium pace and edged to Colin Ingram at first slip with Surrey reduced to 150 for three . Meschede celebrates removing the Surrey batsman , but the Glamorgan bowlers were made to toil . Pietersen had to watch on as his team-mates piled on the runs , with Surrey reaching 363/3 on day one . Pietersen , who is hoping for an England return , had looked in good form before edging behind . Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara , making his Surrey debut , outshone Pietersen , scoring a century as the visitors piled on the runs on the first day . The 37-year-old put together a huge partnership of over 200 with former England one-day wicketkeeper Steven Davies - who also reached three figures - after Pietersen 's departure . Sri Lankan Kumar Sangakarra made a hundred on Surrey debut batting at No 3 .