Shattering its windscreen , this is the incredible moment a bus ploughed into a passenger plane at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan . The incident is difficult to comprehend as the collision was much more than just a minor skirmish on the tarmac at the busy Asian airport . The damage on the vehicle is clear , although it is unknown if the engine of the Boeing 777 jet was damaged or if anyone was injured . The bus ploughed into the engine of the Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 passenger jet . Tashkent is the largest international airport in Uzbekistan , and the busiest in Central Asia , so the crash will have more than likely delayed many passengers . The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service , the national airline of the country , with its headquarters at Tashkent . MailOnline Travel has contacted Uzbekistan Airways and is awaiting comment . This kind of incident is unfortunately becoming more common . Ryanair passengers travelling to Edinburgh and Zadar , Croatia were delayed for hours after two of the budget airline 's planes clipped wings at Dublin Airport back on April 1 . Photos snapped by travellers show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane - and it 's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Ireland 's busiest airport . It 's difficult to comprehend the moments leading up the crash as the force of impact is severe . Passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8 am , but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers . In October 2014 a Ryanair jet had its winglet torn off when it collided with another plane belonging to the budget carrier at Dublin Airport . The Boeing 737s heading to Edinburgh and Brussels were taxiing to a runway when they collided in darkness . In January this year a British Airways plane hit a hangar at Heathrow Airport , while being towed away for routine maintenance . As the Boeing 777-200 aircraft was being towed towards a hangar , someone misjudged the distance and the plane 's wing clipped the wall of a nearby building . There were no injuries from the collision , and the airport and airline continued to operate normally for the rest of the day .