Many thrill seekers have slipped into a cage to get up close and personal with a shark -- now they can do the same with the king of the jungle , putting them just a paw swipe away from a lion - with nothing but cage bars between them . A New Zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion 's den during feeding time , if they dare . Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand 's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat . During ` The Lion Encounrter ' , the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal , sitting inside their lair to see every whisker , tooth and hair - close enough for a cuddle if they choose . Just trying to be friends ? A lion puts its paws up against the bars to try and become better acquainted with the visitors inside . Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand 's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat . Tucker time : The zoo keeper uses a flat palm to feed the feline , keeping it distracted with constant treats in the form of raw meat . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh ! On the prowl : The lion clambers on top of the cage and examines the scene from all angles - perhaps looking for another entry into the cage . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh ! Park spokesman , Nathan Hawke , said : ` The Lion Encounter is a genuinely unique visitor experience . ` While people can see lions in numerous places , we think we can get you as close as you would safely want to get to view these magnificent animals . Feeling excluded : A lion vocalises its annoyance that it is not allowed to hang out inside the cage with everybody else . Cuddly : Father-of-two Ekant Veer took part in the Lion Encounter and the lion looked so soft he felt the surprise urge to reach out and pat him . King of the jungle : In the video , the inquisitive felines climb on top of the moving cage to stare straight at the human inhabitants , while the minders keep them content with snacks . Ekant Veer , a the 35-year-old Associate Professor at the University of Canterbury , New Zealand , filmed the lions at Orana Wildlife Park from his incredible vantage point in the cage . In his video , the inquisitive felines climb on top of the moving cage to stare straight at the human inhabitants , while the minders keep them content with snacks . Ekant said instead of feeling scared , he was surprised by his gut instinct when facing off with the kings of the jungle . Kisses : It looks like butter would melt in his mouth as the feline pokes his tongues through the mesh , as if to try and lick the inhabitants . Many thrill seekers have slipped into a cage to get up close and personal with a shark -- now they can do the same with the king of the jungle , putting them just a paw swipe away from a lion - with nothing but cage bars between them . A New Zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the lion 's den during feeding time , if they dare . ` I was fascinated - some people were worried but I really wanted to reach out and pat them . ` Some of the lions were huge but they all seemed very calm . There were a couple of times when they would roar and it just sent vibrations right through you , which was scary but also really cool . ' He described it as an ` intimate ' experience , as you are ` more open and exposed ' to the lions than ever . Look , no hands ! A lion is incredibly close in the video as it devours a treat - showing off its long claws and sharp teeth . I surrender ! The lion tries everything to try and lure the humans out of the cage to explore the depths of the lion 's dens . ` I prefer these up-close experiences to more controlled ones . It 's more unpredictable and different every time , especially when dealing with animals . Orana Wildlife Park is New Zealand 's only open range zoo . Set on 80 hectares of park-like grounds , the animals enclosures are expansive and developed to imitate their natural habitat as closely as possible . ` I prefer these up-close experiences to more controlled ones . It 's more unpredictable and different every time , especially when dealing with animals . New Zealand has more than its share of thrill-seeking activities , ranging from bungee jumping , white water rafting , speed boat rides and beautiful sky dives . However , for Ekant this topped his list of adrenaline-inducing activities -- and lunch with a lion will only cost $ 40 . ` I would definitely encourage others to do this . If you 're coming to New Zealand it 's definitely one of the crazier things we do . ' Say cheese ! In the cage spectators are so close they can see every whisker , tooth and hair - close enough for a cuddle .