It has been almost 20 years since a 21-year-old Tiger Woods stormed the course at Augusta en route to his first victory at the Masters in 1997 , and now there is a new American star on the block in the form of 2015 Masters champion Jordan Spieth . Spieth shattered record after record on the way to his triumph at Augusta on Sunday . The 21-year-old held a a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action and never looked back as he became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters . Having finished joint-second , along with Jonas Blixt , to Bubba Watson at last year 's tournament , Spieth stormed to a final round of 70 to cap off an incredible few days on the Georgia course . Spieth reacts after saving par on the 16th hole before going on to claim the 79th Masters title at Augusta . Spieth reacts after sinking his final putt win the 2015 Masters . The 21-year-old is mobbed by his family following his four-stroke victory at the 18th hole . Last year 's champion Bubba Watson presents Spieth with the coveted green jacket . Spieth kisses his girlfriend Annie Verret following his record-breaking title win on Sunday . Born in Dallas , Texas - Spieth grew up the oldest of three siblings to Shawn and Chris Spieth . Spieth began gaining attention in the golf world when he was just a teenager , becoming the only American besides Woods to claim two US Junior Amateur titles after winning in 2009 and 2011 . As a result of his accomplishments in junior play , he even gained entry into a PGA event , becoming the sixth youngest player to ever make the cut when at just 17 years of age he began the third round in the PGA Tour 's HP Byron Nelson Championship , ultimately finishing in an impressive tie for 16th place . Soon after he decided to attend the University of Texas , leading them to the NCAA Championship in his first year and getting to play in the US Open in 2012 , where he finished as a low amateur . Spieth went into the final round of the 2014 showpiece tied with Watson but failed at the final hurdle . Watson embraces Spieth following his triumph at Augusta in 2014 . Spieth 's game was honed during years and years of practice as a youngster . Spieth proudly stands with yet another golf trophy during his younger years . He left however during his second year , and by the end of the 2013 season found himself 10th on the PGA Tour money list , winning the PGA Tour Rookie of the Year , an honor also won by Woods . This after he became the fourth youngest winner in PGA history after taking the John Deere Classic when he was just 19-years-old and was selected by golfing great Fred Couples to play in the 2013 Presidents Cup . His Masters debut and subsequent second-placed finish to Watson followed in 2014 . Spieth will no longer have to dwell on that disappointment , however , after his Augusta heroics on Sunday . Things are going just as well off the course for the young golf star . Spieth , who is going out with high school sweetheart Annie Verret , recently bought a stunning mansion in his hometown at a cost of $ 2.3 million .