Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities . Residents of rural towns like Cumnock , Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools , save the local bus run and keep businesses open . Cumnock resident Christine Weston says the Rent-a-farmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange The town 's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on . ` Country life still appeals to many families , but it does n't always make financial sense for them . We 're trying to change that , ' Ms Westone told the Daily Telegraph . The Mercer family , who moved from Melbourne , at their country home in Cumnock . Theirs is one of the Rentafarmhouse properties which was put on the market for $ 1 a week to help regenerate the town 's dwindling population . The view from the Mercer 's Cumnock home , ` Barina ' , which is part of the Rent-a-farmhouse scheme . Scarlett Mercer enjoying country life in Cumnock . Scarlett 's parents helped renovate the old ` Barina ' homestead while renting the property for $ 1 a week . This farmhouse in Wycheproof , a wheat town northwest of Melbourne , was leased for $ 1 a week in a bid to boost enrolments at the local school and sports club . ` We offer $ 1 rent on the condition that the families who move in have kids , but can also contribute to bush communities with skills we 're short of , ' Ms Weston said . Ms Weston says some farmhouses are being offered at low rent because they need renovating . Others need a caretaker to look after the farm and some need skilled labour to help during busy harvest times and others need children to save the school bus run . Everyone is welcome to apply . The Mercer 's country home called ` Barina ' which is part of the Rentafarmhouse scheme . Cumnock was the first town to implement the Rentafarmhouse project but more than 20 rural communities from WA , Victoria , Tasmania and NSW have benefited from taking part in similar $ 1-a-week schemes . The sheep shearing town of Errowanbang , near Orange , saw its school enrolments increase 300 per cent after residents started leasing properties to new families for next to nothing . In Rugby , 200kms south-west of Sydney , a school was saved . Its student numbers had dwindled to two . Some of the $ 1-a-week farmhouses are rundown and in need of renovation , others need a caretaker for the farm or children in the community to keep local schools running . Soaring farming costs and droughts have seen the population of rural NSW towns like Cumnock , pictured here , dwindle . Residents are hoping to revive their communities by renting $ 1-a-week properties to young families . Cumnock farmer Robert Armstrong told the Telegraph he has decided to put his three-bedroom cottage on the market for $ 1-a-week as a way to keep the town he loves alive . ` The countryside desperately needs people to keep critical services going . If we do n't get more people coming here , things are going to keep shutting , ' Mr Armstrong said . Families can find out about renting a bargain farmhouse through Rentafarmhouse.com.au .