With her contoured cheeks , flawless glow and smokey eyes , let 's face it , who does n't want to look like Kim Kardashian ? When the reality TV star once shared a snap mid-way through her makeover revealing her contouring tricks , a new beauty craze was born . And now , the secret behind the 34-year-old reality TV star 's glowing skin has been revealed . Scroll down for video . Want to look like Kim Kardashian ? Now you can , because the flawless star has revealed the products that give her that envy-inducing glow . The mother-of-one , who shared her beauty essentials on Instagram , protects her skin with a £ 65 -LRB- $ 96 -RRB- Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid , which claims to prevent the appearance of discolorations while providing protection from the sun . The cream , which is packed with gemstones , peculiar sounding ` photonic spheres ' and smart seaweeds , can also be used as a make-up primer . Kim shared her beauty essentials on her Instagram page and , of course , a hairbrush from her own brand featured . Kim then loves to spritz her face with a £ 12 -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- rose water mist from Glossier . The little-known product is made with roses and aloe and aims to to hydrate , soothe , and leave you feeling fresh and awake . The brand say the product is also ` excellent as a make-up refresher and midday pick-me-up ' . To remove the day 's face , Kim uses a NARS face wash and Black Clarisonic Mia Sonic Skin Cleansing System . The NARS Gentle Cream Cleanser apparently helps to maintain skin 's moisture balance while removing makeup and impurities . Meanwhile , the vibrating brush uses a micro-massage motion , which is said to work within skin 's natural elasticity to gently remove the impurities traditional methods leave behind-leaving skin softer , smoother and more beautiful . Clearly it 's working for Kim . Other beauty essentials in her cosmetics bag include a hairbrush from her own range , Kardashian Beauty , which she established with her sisters , as well as an Essie nail polish . Speaking to FEMAIL recently , Kim said : ` As far as products , I love the Kardashian Beauty dry shampoo and conditioner , which we have . I 've never seen a dry conditioner out there but it really helps when you 're trying to not wash your hair . ' Another product the sisters swear by is coconut oil , which they say is ` everything ' . ` When I take off my make-up , I use avocado oil or coconut oil and I also sleep in it , it 's amazing for dry hair , ' explained Khloe . ` You can put it on your body , too . Coconut oil can do everything . ' When it comes to grooming her brows , Kim calls on Anastasia Soare , who is known in Tinseltown as ` the queen of eyebrow shaping ' . The brow groomer uses the Dipbrow Pomade , which she applies with her £ 15.50 Brow Wiz , an ultra-fine brow pencil , which claims to fill in sparse brows for a naturally fuller appearance . She then defines and enhances the brows with her £ 17 Brow Powder Duo , which is enriched with Vitamins C and E to nourish and protect , before sealing the powder make-up into place with her £ 15 Beauty Genius Clear Waterproof Gel , which she says seals and waterproofs any loose powder . To remove the day 's face , Kim uses a Black Clarisonic Mia Sonic Skin Cleansing System , left , loves to spritz her face with a £ 12 -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- rose water mist from Glossier , centre , and protect her skin from the sun with a £ 65 -LRB- $ 96 -RRB- Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid , right . As well as running a successful beauty empire with her sisters , Kim has revealed that she wants to design a range of handbags for toddlers . The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star - who has 22-month-old daughter North with husband Kanye West - is set to launch her Kardashian Kids collection next week and has revealed she 's already thinking about adding more accessories to the range . Asked about designing shoes or handbags , she told Vogue.com : ` Well , North does love handbags . And anything where there 's a little bit of glitz . ' When it comes to grooming her brows , Kim calls on Anastasia Soare , who is known in Tinseltown as ` the queen of eyebrow shaping ' The 34-year-old beauty admits that while her daughter is a big fan of fancy shoes , she 's not so keen on the range of headbands included in her mother 's new collection . Kim explained : ` Every day she wakes up and says , `` shoes '' . You have to bargain with her - before you change her diaper she needs a pair of shoes on ... She has n't been the biggest fan of keeping something on her head . ' Kardashian Kids launches on Nordstrom.com on April 13 with prices ranging between $ 25 -LRB- £ 16.80 -RRB- and $ 35 -LRB- £ 23.60 -RRB- and Kim admits that while she did a lot of research online , she also drew inspiration from her own wardrobe which is why the collection features pieces such as peplum tops and faux leather leggings . Kim - who has 22-month-old daughter North with husband Kanye West - has revealed that she wants to design a range of handbags for toddlers .