The saviour of English football turns out to be a long-haired Argentinian who tripped Michael Owen to give away the penalty that David Beckham converted in the 2002 World Cup finals . Mauricio Pochettino , 43 , who has long since lost the flowing locks in favour of something a little more in keeping with his managerial status , has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago . It is not just his coaching which is admired . He is also becoming the manager for whom young Englishmen wish to play , as exclusive research by The Mail on Sunday proves . Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent . The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago . Andros Townsend -LRB- second left -RRB- celebrates his goal for England alongside his young Tottenham team-mates . In the week in which four of his young Tottenham players -- Harry Kane , Andros Townsend , Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker -- all played for England , Mason has paid tribute to the impact the Argentine has had on the English game . A year ago an England debut was the last thing on Mason 's mind . After spending the previous season on loan at Swindon and unused by Tottenham , he feared he would have to leave the club . ` I was in the last two years of my contract and getting to that age when if it did n't happen this season , I probably would look to leave , ' said Mason . But , when Tim Sherwood was replaced by Pochettino , 23-year-old Mason had reasons to be cheerful . ` At the start of the season I was looking forward to it because of what the gaffer did at Southampton and his record of bringing young players through , ' he said . -LRB- Left-right -RRB- Ryan Mason , Kyle Walker , Townsend and Harry Kane celebrate in the game against Italy . Mason made his debut for England against Italy in midweek after breaking into the Spurs team this season . Which managers have the most faith in young , English talent ? The Mail on Sunday looked at Premier League clubs in the past three years -LRB- since the start of the 2012-13 season -RRB- to see where homegrown talent was getting the most opportunities to play . After counting the amount of League starts handed out by each manager to English players aged under 23 , the percentage of each manager 's total starting selections shows that Mauricio Pochettino -LRB- below -RRB- , of active bosses , backs young talent most . This table shows the top 10 and bottom six managers -LRB- out of 42 -RRB- , showing their total player selections and games , and the percentage of all starters who fit our ` young and English ' criteria . And three Chelsea managers make up the bottom three . Pochettino 's record of sticking by English players such as Rickie Lambert , Adam Lallana and Jay Rodriguez , and backing youngsters such as Luke Shaw , Calum Chambers and James Ward-Prowse in the Southampton first team , struck a chord with Mason and his peers . The Argentine is a godsend for FA chairman Greg Dyke , whose commission is attempting to find ways to nudge more managers into playing their young English players rather than rely on often mediocre , imported talent . ` He is honest and picks the team on how you 're training , ' said Mason of his manager . ` And if you are in the team and doing well then you 're staying there . It 's brilliant for young players as he gives you that opportunity . ' Mason , Kane and Walker were quick to congratulate their team-mate Townsend on scoring England 's spectacular equaliser in the 1-1 draw with Italy . Only Walker is not from the Spurs academy , having joined from Sheffield United at 19 . Mason 's girlfriend , Rachel , has had a copy of the Turin celebration photo framed for his living room . Another man who enjoyed Pochettino 's support may soon be joining those four in the England squad . Ward-Prowse , 20 , who scored the winner for England Under 21s against Germany on Monday and who should be a key player at the European Championship this summer , is likely to be promoted to the senior squad when that tournament in the Czech Republic is over . James Ward-Prowse -LRB- right -RRB- of Southampton could be another to soon join them in the England squad . England boss Roy Hodgson admitted 20-year-old Ward-Prowse is another player currently in their thoughts . Ryan Mason 's parents missed his England debut as high winds caused their flight to Italy to be cancelled . They made a failed last-minute dash to get to the match via Germany but did n't make it to Turin in time . Spurs ' Mason , who plays at Burnley today , said : ` They were devastated . ' ` We like him , ' said England manager Roy Hodgson . ` We 've kept our hands off him simply because of the Under 21s but we know he 's a big prospect and the moment he comes back from the Czech Republic he 'll be very much in our thoughts . ' Mason believes more youngsters would come through if managers were willing to take a chance on the likes of him . ` The Germans and Spanish are not better than us technically , ' he said . ` But they get given the opportunity younger in their league , so they get the chance to come and play in the Premier League . I understand there is a lot of pressure on managers to get instant results . But English players know the league . And there is plenty of talent out there . If English players can start coming through it will benefit our national team . ' It should also benefit the clubs , especially the elite . With the majority of the world 's best players emerging from South America , Spain and Germany , those players are likely to aspire to play for Real Madrid , Barcelona and Bayern Munich . Premier League clubs can not expect to match those European giants unless the English game produces a foundation of top talent . But The Mail on Sunday research demonstrates just which clubs and , more importantly , which managers are prepared to take a risk on young English talent . The acid test is whether a manager will start a player in a Premier League game . Using that criterion and then listing which managers have started with English players under the age of 23 in the past three seasons , Pochettino emerges as the champion of the English among current Premier League bosses . Norwegian Ole Gunnar Solskjaer did his bit during his admittedly unsuccessful time at Cardiff . But two Scottish managers , Alan Irvine and Malky Mackay , also feature high in our league table , as does Northern Irishman Brendan Rodgers and , perhaps surprisingly , Portuguese Andre Villas-Boas . Ole Gunnar Solskjaer did his bit for homegrown development during his unsuccessful time at Cardiff . Former West Brom boss Alan Irvine also did before his dismissal at The Hawthorns . When the figures are broken down club by club , Southampton , Liverpool and Arsenal are top of the league , with Chelsea bottom . In fact , Chelsea have not started an under 23 player qualified to play for England since Ryan Bertrand and Sam Hutchinson played on the last day of the 2011-12 season against Blackburn , a few months before they turned 23 . Because of the lack of English youngsters available to them , Chelsea managers Jose Mourinho , Rafael Benitez and Roberto di Matteo are bottom of the managerial table . Perhaps the emergence of Patrick Bamford , on loan at Middlesbrough , or highly rated Dominic Solanke will change that next term . Patrick Bamford is currently on loan from Chelsea at Championship side Middlesbrough . Dominic Solanke is another player impressing at England youth level in Chelsea 's setup . The irony is that Chelsea have the best youth set-up in the country , having won the FA Youth Cup three times in the past five years -- and they are in the final again this year . Manuel Pellegrini is also near the bottom of the managerial table . Jack Rodwell , now at Sunderland , is the only Englishman under 23 Pellegrini has ever fielded during his time at Manchester City . But the issue is clearly more complex than simply pointing the finger at foreign-owned , big-spending clubs . Stoke City , owned by one of England 's most passionate supporters in Peter Coates , are near the bottom of the table , as is Hull City manager Steve Bruce . So quite where Mason and his like would be without Argentinian support is open to question . Pochettino , it appears , is already doing more to change the culture of English football than any commission or directive .