John Mayer , Russell Brand - there are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway and even bright women like Katy Perry and Jennifer Aniston are n't immune . But while no one 's perfect and some troubled souls are worth saving , others are just trouble . All of the behavioural traits below are danger signs , offering six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart . Scroll down for video . Tracey Cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart . 1 . How ` in touch ' with themselves are they ? Are they aware of their character and personality faults ? Do they know their strengths ? They do n't have to have spent the last decade on a therapist 's couch to have done some soul-searching . Have they sorted out the emotional baggage from childhood and past relationships or are they trailing it along behind them ? Find out : Ask questions . What are your family like ? Are you close to them ? Are you friends with your exes ? Why did you split up ? Did it hurt ? How do you stay positive ? 2 . Are they affectionate and able to express their feelings ? Yes , yes , we all know men like to disappear into their caves . But the person who knows what they 're feeling and shares their feelings with you is going to be a lot easier to share a bathroom with than the person who locks themselves in it . Find out : Ask them anything to see if they will open up . You seem a bit distant tonight , anything bothering you ? Do they grab your arm , kiss you spontaneously , say nice things -- or does hugging them feel like you 're cuddling an ironing board ? 3 . Are they honest ? Are they a ` good ' person ? Can you count on them to do the right thing by you and others ? Do they treat their friends and family well ? Do the right thing in business ? Whatever your partner does to other people , they 're more than capable of doing to you . Find out : Do they have lots of friends , or have much contact with their family ? Are they generally popular , or do people seem a little distrustful of them and stand-offish ? Are they well liked at work ? 4 . Are they an adult ? Sounds like a stupid question but some people simply do n't grow up . Does this person know how to cook , clean , look after themselves , pay bills on time and manage their money ? Are they mature enough to know they ca n't afford a Lamborghini when they 're barely covering the rent ? Tracey says that if he does n't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship . Find out : Does their home look like a bomb 's hit it ? Is there lots of unopened mail -LRB- unpaid bills -RRB- stacked up on the side ? Do they seem to be living beyond their means for the job they have ? Do they ever ask you to lend them cash or bail them out ? 5 . Do they like themselves ? The more they like who they are , the healthier your relationship will be . The more hang-ups they have , the more you 'll be used as their therapist . Find out : Do all your conversations centre around them ? Do you spend a great deal of time solving their problems and boosting their self-confidence ? Do you feel exhausted after you 've seen them ? 6 . Are they positive and happy most of the time ? Do they look for problems or solutions ? Are they a doer or a procrastinator ? I once went out with a guy who was constantly depressed because of all the starving children in the world . He thought he was holier-than-thou because they were never far from his mind . I thought he was a hypocritical son of a b **** . His permanent hangdog expression did n't help one iota -- but a big fat cheque from his very healthy bank account might have . Find out : If they 're unhappy or depressed , do they have a good reason for it ? Do they often seem overwhelmed by life itself ? Are they moody -- up one minute , down the next ? For more advice on your sex or love life , visit traceycox.com .