A former U.S. Marine who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale Mount Everest to inspire others like him , a year after an avalanche that killed 16 Sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp . Former Staff Sgt. Charlie Linville , 29 , from Boise , Idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -LRB- 29,035-foot -RRB- summit next month . ` My message is anything is possible . It is just not me being an amputee , but anyone sitting on the couch around the world that has problems - you can overcome life , it is just how determined you are , ' Linville said in Kathmandu on Friday , on his way to Tibet in neighboring China , from where he will set out on Everest . Scroll down for video . Ready to go : In this April 16 photo former U.S. Marine Charlie Linville , left , and his climbing partner Tim Medvetz sit for an interview in Kathmandu , Nepal . Challenging peak : Their quest to climb Everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down . He was an explosives expert serving in Afghanistan in 2011 , when he went to investigate an explosion that wounded his colleague . He was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded , and two years later , had his right leg amputated below the knee . He retired from service and has been climbing since with The Heroes Project , a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans . Taking the lead : Linville , 29 , from Boise , Idaho , who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale Mount Everest to inspire others like him . High-tech : He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -LRB- 29,035-foot -RRB- summit next month . Everest would be his highest and toughest mountain that he has attempted to climb . His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April , the beginning of the climbing season , when an avalanche swept down . At the time , Linville was at the base camp at 5,360 meters -LRB- 17,595 feet -RRB- . This time , he plans to approach from the northern , Tibetan side , together with the Heroes Project 's founder Tim Wayne Medvetz and an eight-member team . ` The only difference between me and any climber on the mountain is that I am missing one limb and I have to deal with metal , ' he said .