These are the unbelievable scenes captured on a police car dashcam when a man drove at 80 miles per hour in a bid to escape arrest . Yassir Ali , 29 , of no-fixed-abode , was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham at 3.45 pm on February 22 after officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen . The camera footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat . Scroll down for video . The BMW drives recklessly through Birmingham , crossing over to the wrong side of the road against traffic . The police car struggles to keep up with the BMW after it flies through several red lights . The passenger stands in front of the police squad car while Ali speeds off . The man attempts to block the squad car while Ali tries to escape at break-neck speeds . After a few seconds , the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the BMW 1 series . The 29-year-old then raced through red lights and on the wrong side of the road , narrowly missing oncoming traffic . The dramatic chase happened as school children left their classrooms on their way home . Yassir Ali , pictured , was jailed for 14 monts for dangerous driving following the high-speed car chase through Birmingham in February . Ali flew through several junctions , ignoring red lights and pulling onto the wrong side of the road in a desperate attempt to avoid capture . The police squad car tries to keep up with Ali , but on several occasions was forced to slow down because of the danger posed to other road users . The dashcam footage shows that roads were very wet at the time of the chase and it was raining fairly heavily . Eventually the police were able to arrest Ali after he lost control of the car as he tried to swerve around a line of traffic and got stuck between a bollard and the front of a shop . Ali was jailed at Birmingham Crown Court for 14 months for dangerous driving . PC Neal Drew , from the Central Motorway Policing Group , said : ` Ali 's actions that day were completely unacceptable and by driving the way he did he put innocent members of the public at risk . ` We take this kind of dangerous driving extremely seriously and that has been reflected in the lengthy sentence handed down by the courts . ' At some stages during the chase , the BMW touched 80 miles an hour despite the rain and other traffic . Ali lost control of the car and got it stuck on a bollard outside a shop , right , where he was arrested . Ali 's friend stood in front of the police car to prevent it from chasing after the suspicious sliver BMW . Police pull over the BMW 1 series in Birmingham on February 22 on suspicion of it being stolen .