This is the moment a driver deliberately blocked a sneaky motorist who tried to beat a traffic jam with an undertaking manoeuvre . Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island on Merseyside , with one motorist filming the gridlock on a dashcam . But one driver in a silver Mercedes obviously was n't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic on the outside lane , where vehicles were merging . Traffic began to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside when a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic . But a Renault driver was n't happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes from moving forwards . He attempted to sail up the inside lane in a sneaky bid to avoid having to wait . But to his shock , a silver Renault then pulls into the inside lane to block the Mercedes from advancing any further . Not content with having to wait , the Mercedes driver the tries to both overtake and undertake the Renault in an attempt to get past the vehicle . The two cars then swerve around the lane as the Renault stays determined in not letting the Mercedes past . The Mercedes , behind , is then forced to wait like the rest of the drivers , for 10 minutes as they approach an roundabout . But each time he tries , the Renault swerves in the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing . The swerving goes back and forwards for over a minute before both drivers wind down their windows to confront each other . The pair can be seen pointing and shouting at each other but despite their argument , neither driver lets up . Eventually the Mercedes driver catches up to the Renault with the man shouting and pointing at the Renault driver . This then forces the Mercedes to wait 10 minutes in the queue like everybody else before moving back into the correct lane as they approach a roundabout . The incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist and posted to Youtube by a user called Lancashire Dashcam . And despite only being uploaded yesterday , it has already been viewed thousands of times .