Ander Herrera has caught the eye in recent weeks after cementing a spot in Manchester United 's starting line-up but it appears he does not actually have a clear sight at goal . Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon without actually looking at Brad Guzan 's goal as his eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball . In fact , six of Herrera 's seven goals have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition 's net . Manchester United star Ander Herrera scores his side 's opening goal against Aston Villa with his eyes shut . The Spanish midfielder appears to have his eyes closed as he strikes at Brad Guzan 's goal . Aston Villa and England midfielder Fabian Delph attempts to block Herrera 's left-footed shot . His eyes were wide open when he struck an impressive first-time shot against Yeovil in the third round of the FA Cup back in January . However his double against Aston Villa and his goals against Queens Park Rangers , Leicester , Preston and Swansea all came without Manchester United 's summer signing having to make eye contact with the ball . Herrera appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed as the image of his goal for Spain 's Under 20 side back in 2009 shows . Herrera hits the back of the net while representing Spain 's Under 20 side against Tahiti . The former Athletic Bilbao joined the Red Devils for £ 29million in the summer due to his vision and creativity in midfield . Louis van Gaal heaped praise on the 25-year-old 's shooting ability after Saturday 's Premier League encounter at Old Trafford , by stating : ` He has a very good kicking technique and he should be more composed , ' Van Gaal said to MUTV . ` I said to him ` you have to control the ball before you shoot ' . ` I said that to him again in yesterday 's training session , and then I kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he shot . ' Herrera 's eyes were also shut for Manchester United 's third goal against Aston Villa on Saturday . His only Manchester United goal scored with his eyes wide open came against Yeovil Town back in January . Herrera scored in Manchester United 's 4-0 win over Queens Park Rangers without looking at the ball . The former Athletic Bilbao man flicked the ball past Preston 's players without having his eyes on the ball . Herrera scored in Manchester United 's 2-1 defeat by Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium in February . He also netted in Manchester United 's shock 5-3 defeat at the hands of Premier League strugglers Leicester .