Charles Kane -LRB- above -RRB- was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex . A married band teacher with two young daughters was arrested as he tried to meet an underage girl for sex . Charles Kane of Spencerport , New York had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater . He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer . CBS 8 reports that authorities first took notice of Kane , 46 , when he posted an ad last October that said ` daddy/daughter . Love younger women . ' An undercover officer began communicating with him , pretending to be the father of a young girl , corresponding for months . Then , on January 26 , an officer noticed another sexually explicit ad which they again traced back to Kane , and this time a cop posed as a 14-year-old girl . According to the criminal complaint , Kane sent numerous photos of himself while also requesting photos of the girl over the past few months . Scroll down for video . Kane , 46 , is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters -LRB- above -RRB- . The Hilton Middle School music teacher said in one message ; ` I could get a room and I could sneak you there . ' He also stressed he could get in ` big trouble ' if anyone found out about what was happening , and said at one point ; ` this is between you and me . ' He had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater where he was arrested -LRB- above -RRB- with a full box of condoms on him . The Hilton School District said in a statement ; ` The Hilton Central School District was informed by law enforcement about the arrest of a district employee . We are cooperating fully with the investigation . The district has suspended the employee in question and banned him from campus as per disciplinary policy . ` It is important to note that none of the charges allege criminal activity by this individual involving any Hilton Central School District students . The District is activating its District Crisis Team and will have resources available to our students when they return on Monday . Student safety is our top priority and will be foremost in our minds throughout this investigation . ' Kane has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .