Sergio Aguero wants to put pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea by claiming victory in the Manchester derby on Sunday . City go into the derby at Old Trafford in fourth place , one point behind their neighbours after a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday . Manuel Pellegrini 's team are nine points behind Chelsea , who have a match in hand against bottom side Leicester , but Aguero knows better than most that City are not averse to an 11th-hour comeback . Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League despite defeat by Crystal Palace . The Argentina international has struggled for form and fitness as City have slipped this season . The Argentinian scored a 94th minute winner to wrest the title from United 's grasp in 2012 and he is not giving up on the top prize again just yet . ` Of course we can still win it , ' the City striker told Sky Sports News . ` In football , anything can happen - as soon as you think something is certain , then everything changes , we have seen it so many times before and we 'll see it again . ` We only focus on ourselves , try to win every game we play and keep pressure on Chelsea . ' City have beaten United in the last four Manchester derbies : . 8 April 2013 United 1-2 City . 22 Sept 2013 City 4-1 United . 25 March 2014 United 0-3 City . 2 Nov 2014 City 1-0 United . Pellegrini 's team were level with Chelsea on New Year 's Day , but the Blues have pulled away recently after City lost three of their last five league games . United , in contrast , have won their last five matches , and Aguero is wary of the threat Louis van Gaal 's team will pose at Old Trafford . He added : ` They are a team with a lot of great individual players , who can form an incredible unit when they work well together . But this season that has not always been the case . ` Some matches they do n't seem to play at the maximum , with the attacking qualities that they have in the team . But then in other games , they have really shown that those qualities , so they are a bit unpredictable . We know we will have to be at our very best to beat them - there 's no doubt about that . ' The champions face Manchester United on Sunday , having won the last four derbies . Aguero has scored six times against United , including this one at the Etihad in September 2013 . Van Gaal came in for criticism at the start of the campaign after winning just three of his opening 11 matches in all competitions . Radamel Falcao was one of many new signings to struggle under the Dutchman . Seven months after signing the Colombian on a deadline-day loan deal from Monaco , he has scored just four goals for the club . Aguero remains a fan of the former Porto and Atletico Madrid forward , though . Aguero said : ` They have a number of very talented strikers . The one who in his career has been the most predatory is Falcao . ` He is n't having an easy time this season , but I really admire his commitment and his class and qualities are permanent . ` He is probably one of the most naturally-gifted strikers in football at the moment . ' Aguero came face-to-face with ` one of the world 's most gifted strikers ' Radamel Falcao at a Puma event . Falcao has struggled to cement a starting place since arriving at Old Trafford on an expensive loan deal . Aguero has also struggled in front of goal recently , failing to find the net in the last five league games . However , he has scored six times against United and is aiming to add to that tally this weekend . ` I always love to score , but of course it is even more special to score in the big games , ' he said . ` If you score against United at Old Trafford it almost give you shivers , because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet , but the away end going crazy . ` At home at it is different , when the City supporters are really loud in these games , it sometimes gives me goose bumps when they sing my name . '