At 11:20 pm , former world champion Ken Doherty potted a final black and extinguished , for now , the dream of Reanne Evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of Sheffield 's Crucible Theatre in the world snooker championship . In every other respect however , 29-year-old Evans , a single mum from Dudley , was a winner on Thursday night . She advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave Doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match that wo n't be bettered in this year 's qualifying tournament . Snooker 's governing body had been criticised in some quarters for allowing Evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport 's blue-chip event on April 18 - something no female had achieved . Reanne Evans shakes hands with Ken Doherty following his 10-8 victory at Ponds Forge . Evans plays a shot during her world championship qualifying match against Doherty . Doherty , who won the World Championship title back in 1997 , took out the first frame 71-15 . Evans had Doherty in all sorts of trouble before the former champion closed out the game 10-8 . Those critics and the bookies who made Doherty a ridiculously short-priced 20/1 on favourite were made to look foolish as Evans had her illustrious opponent on the ropes before finally bowing out 10-8 . A gracious Doherty admitted afterwards : ` She played out of her skin . It was good match play snooker and tough all the way through . There was a lot of pressure on this match , a different kind of pressure to what I 've ever experienced . ` I do n't usually feel sympathy for my opponents but I felt sorry at the end . She played better than me and lost . I do n't know how I won that final frame . If it had gone to 9-9 , I 'd have been a million-to-one to win it . ' Evans , cheered on by her eight-year-old daughter Lauren at the Ponds Forge sports centre in Sheffield , admitted she was exhausted after a match of unfamiliar intensity for her . A 10-time ladies ' champion , Evans had led twice during the opening session before Doherty went 5-4 in front . The 10-time ladies world champion collected just £ 400 as prize money for winning the title in 2013 , and this was a completely different environment against a player who beat Stephen Hendry to be crowned the best player in the world in 1997 . ` It was a struggle . With the experience Ken had , I just had to dig in , ' she said . ` Ken had little runs when he needed it but I could tell he was under pressure . Some of the balls were wobbling in from the first frame . I just could n't take advantage in the end . ` I can play better than I did so there is no reason I ca n't return and beat Ken or even players above him . I have the women 's game on my shoulders . I just hope I get some help and am allowed to play in more big tournaments to give me experience . ` Next week , I will playing the ladies in the club again . It 's a lovely club do n't get me wrong but I do n't think many ladies could give Ken a game . I think I would have won if I 'd taken it to 9-9 . ' The presence of television crews and snooker star Ronnie O'Sullivan underlined what a big story Evans ' participation was . Evans eyes up her move during an enthralling game with Doherty in Sheffield . She lost the first frame convincingly but the nerves did n't show after that . She reeled off three frames in a row , led 4-3 and once Doherty went in front , pegged him back to 5-5 and 6-6 . The Irishman , now ranked No 46 in the world , started to look his 45 years . He sat down at every opportunity while Evans often stood while he played . She had the confidence to play right-handed or left-handed , as O'Sullivan sometimes does . The key frame was the sixteenth . It lasted 45 minutes with Evans rattling off the first 59 points and Doherty the next 74 . It took Doherty to a 9-7 lead but Evans came roaring back in the next frame . He needed a snooker to avoid the match going into a final frame -- and he got it . Doherty , now ranked No 46 in the world , showed his experience to close out the contest . He has two more qualifying rounds before he makes the Crucible but it 's doubtful he will face a tougher opponent . ` They should let her play in more competitions , ' he added . Evans should certainly use this match to become a leading ambassador for women 's sport . Her purple and silver waistcoats drew admiring glances from the swimmers and trampolinists who turned up at the leisure centre as normal as she walked through reception to the basketball hall , where 10 snooker tables had been set up . Next time they will know exactly who she is , and what she can do .