Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has revealed he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street in an interview with Ant and Dec 's ` little ' counterparts on Saturday Night Takeaway . The England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid - or Little Ant and Dec as they are better known - for the entertainment show to be aired on ITV at 7 pm on Saturday . And Rooney admitted in the interview with the telly pranksters that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name when he is away from the football pitch , even if he does love the adulation he enjoys at Old Trafford and Wembley . Wayne Rooney has been interviews by Little Ant and Dec for ITV 's Saturday Night Takeaway programme . The England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid , Ant and Dec 's ` littles ' Rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets . Rooney is asked by Little Dec : ` Does it get annoying when people say `` Rooney , Rooney , Rooney '' ? ' ` It 's great when people say it in the stands , ' the United captain says . ` But if I 'm in the street and people are doing it then it is annoying . ' The pair , aged eight and seven and wearing full Newcastle United kits , then chant Rooney 's name at him and the 29-year-old jokes : ` Just like this ! That 's the annoying part ! ' The light-hearted chat sees Rooney get ambushed on the floor by Little Ant and Dec mid-interview . The Manchester United striker lifts Little Dec above his head as they joked around for the ITV show . Little Ant and Dec climb on top of Rooney , and they asked him which of their ` bigs ' he would have in his team . Rooney sprints away from the two youngsters , and you can watch the full interview on Saturday at 7 pm . The full interview is set to be screened this weekend , with Rooney messing around with the ` Little ' pair , showing them a few tricks and deciding to pair the real Ant and Dec upfront together when asked which one he would have in his team . Before that , Rooney leads United out against Aston Villa at Old Trafford as they look to consolidate their position in the Barclays Premier League 's top four . The England skipper missed a penalty on his last outing for United in their win over Liverpool at Anfield , although he did score the opening goal in his country 's 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley before a 1-1 draw with Italy during the international break . Rooney scored against Lithuania for England to get over his penalty miss for United against Liverpool . The United skipper will lead out his side against Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon .