He 's a sexy , single surfer who also happens to know his way around the kitchen , and now Sydney 's Dan Churchill , 25 , has the US eating out of his hands - literally . But there was one Hollywood starlet in particular who was won over by his ` Bro Burgers ' and cheeky Aussie charm - blonde bombshell Blake Lively . Appearing as a guest star alongside Lively on Good Morning America -LRB- GMA -RRB- on Tuesday , Churchill appeared to be living the ultimate Aussie dude 's dream - touring the US to promote his cook book ` Dude Food ' and flirting over food and Ryan Reynolds with Gossip Girl glamazon Blake Lively . ` I was told it was time to do my teaser with Blake and I was like , `` Wow ! This does n't happen every day '' At that moment I realised I was representing a lot of fellas throughout the world , ' Churchill told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Burger for Blake : Dan Churchill whips up a ` Bro Burger ' on Good Morning America , meeting Blake Lively too . Bye Blake : Churchill admitted to Hollywood star Blake Lively that he crushes more on hubby Ryan Reynolds . New kid on the block : Sydney 's Dan Churchill takes on New York with live cooking segment at Times Square . Ahead of the GMA segment , Churchill had taken to Instagram with a post revealing Blake Lively was on the call sheet that same day , in a post that read : . ` Just on a real quiet note ... I will do my best to honour every little boys dream tomorrow ... , ' a cheeky insinuation of what he hoped was to come . Adding ' #IDontKnowWhatToDoWithMyhands #ThisGotReal . ' While Lively , married to Ryan Reynolds remained above board friendly , Churchill was able to live out one dream , getting a photo with the star and even mentioning his crush on husband Ryan Reynolds to the star . ` I am not one to go all fan-boy like so I kept my cool but there was one thing I had to be honest about , ' Churchill revealed . ` I said `` Blake , I am a massive fan of your work -LRB- as are the rest of the legends in my country -RRB- , however my brothers would not look me in the eye if I did n't admit how much of a massive fan we are of your man Ryan . '' ' And just like that the bond was formed , according to Churchill . ` She absolutely loved it and could n't stop smiling . I think she loved that I was real and could hold an honest conversation . ' So long Sydney : Churchill hits the NYC sights , saying a temporary goodbye to Sydney while on US tour . Surfing the USA : Churchill makes waves with appearance on Good Morning America for ` Dude Food ' cook book . The starlet also shared with Churchill that her neighbour was a good cook and that her and Ryan often will get into the kitchen . ` Blake is an absolutely amazing woman , very down to earth and obviously does n't want to be seen as just a `` star , '' he said . ` It was definitely a moment like this that showed me , no matter how different our lives are , food is something we all have in common and can get happiness , smiles and maybe a few cuddles from . ' Book club : Churchill signing copies of his ` Dude Food ' book in Brooklyn for a sea of screaming female fans . Bromance banter : Churchill was said to hit it off with ESPN reporter Jesse Palmer talking girls and hangriness . A barrel of laughs and burgers : Churchill gets cheeky on set of Good Morning America appearance . Adding cheekily , ` boys I am talking to you . ' And it was n't just Lively that was won over . Tim McGraw , the hit country singer also got a photo with Churchill , who was also on set to promote news song and a GMA producer was heard raving about Churchill saying has ` nailed it ' and that women will love his ` Aussieness ' and that the ` Bromance ' is real . Mateship with McGraw : Churchill took a moment to get a sneaky snap with country star Tim McGraw . And on set Churchill certainly knew how to work the camera . Standing alongside co-hosts Lara Spencer and ESPN Reporter Jesse Palmer , Churchill dished up a ` wicked , bad boy ' chutney to go alongside his legendary ` Bro Burger ' dazzling the hosts with his Aussie charm and catchy colloquialisms . The young chef also undoubtedly won over Palmer , with Churchill saying ` a clear bromance was formed ' with fist pumps , banter and tips on how to get out of trouble with a woman . Sydney style : Churchill throwing a cheeky surfer ` shakas ' signal while wandering the streets of NYC . ` There 's a whole chapter on impressing girls and a recipe called `` Getting out of the dog house , '' says Churchill . ` So if you 're ever in trouble mate ... ' he laughs , and the ` bromance ' connection was made . Churchill told GMA he was inspired to create a healthy cook book for guys , because he was getting more attention from their girlfriends from him . Churchill the charmer : Churchill pictured sweet talking the girls at Cosmopolitan magazine in America . ` So I wrote ended up making a book to look after them and have their back , ' he said . Ever the charmer , Churchill also threw in some local words in a bid to butter up with his burger eating companions , citing ` ground beef ' instead of mince , ` cilantro ' instead of coriander and ` erbs ' instead of ` herbs . ' It 's safe to say the segment was a success and Churchill wowed cast , crew and Hollywood stars alike . Surfer shenanigans : A sneaky visit to YouTube where Churchill keeps mum about ` shenanigans ' that went on . ` It went so quickly but it was one of the most exciting moments of my life , I could n't be more stoked , ' he said . ` What was most amazing was the response I was getting from ABC and the rest of the production team , they loved it and said I was real , relatable and authentic . ' ` There was even a moment where I gave a signed copy of Dude Food to a young boy from New Jersey named Matt , he seemed so inspired and it seriously warmed my heart ' he said . TV to NYC : Churchill soared to fame when he starred on MasterChef at 23 , now at 25 he has a US book tour . Later this month , Churchill will appear on ` Bravo 's Watch What Happens Live ' -LRB- as a bartender -RRB- , CRN 's ` What 's Cookin ' Today ' and CRS Radio 's show ` off The Menu ' to coincide with his book tour and be doing appearances at Barnes & Noble stores . There is also talk of a TV show of his own , with Churchill citing Jamie Oliver as one of his biggest inspirations . And with a natural ability to charm the crowds and a mean cooking talent that impresses the ladies , a new ` Naked Chef ' could only go down a treat .