What the nation needs is more geniuses . So said Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn , two self-styled intelligence experts in the Thirties , who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public . Now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if YOU are a genius ... A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers . The answers can be found at the bottom of the page . 1 . Rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature : . B R I N O . 2 . Four men can build four boats in four days . How long will it take one man to build one boat ? 3 . Test your memory on this passage : Three men and their wives and a widower left by car at noon one day for a picnic . After they had gone three miles , they saw two men and a child in another car that had broken down . ` That is tough luck , ' said one of the picnickers . At 1 pm they arrived at the picnic grounds , where they saw only the old one-armed caretaker and his son . They immediately started to eat their luncheon of sandwiches , fruit and cake . Question : How many people have been mentioned ? 4 . Which is heavier , milk or cream ? 5 . What one word means both ` dodge ' and ` immerse ' ? 6 . Rearrange the letters in the word ` sleuth ' to make another word . 7 . What word meaning ` ship ' would mean ` small collections of water ' if the letters were read backwards ? 8 . If a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete a revolution ? 9 . What adjective which means ` pertaining to citizenship ' spells the same from right to left as it does from left to right ? 10 . When seen in a mirror , which of the following words printed in capital letters will look the same as when viewed directly ? MAN TOOT DEED . 11 . There is a monosyllable which , if you add to it a single letter , becomes a word of three syllables . What is it ? 12 . A man lived in a house that could be entered by only one door and five windows . Making certain that there was no one in the house one day , he went out for the afternoon . Upon his return , although the windows were still locked and unbroken and the door had not been forced , he discovered a thief in his house robbing it . If the thief did not use a skeleton key , or pick any of the locks , how did he get into the house ? 13 . If a hen and a half lays an egg and a half in a day and a half , how many eggs will seven hens lay in six days ? 14 . The first two syllables of the name of one of the States of the United States is suggested by a girl 's name . The third syllable is suggested by a word meaning ` debark ' . What is the name of the State ? 15 . How will the following sentence , attributed to Napoleon , read if you start with the last word and read all the letters and words backwards ? ` Able was I ere I saw Elba . ' If a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete a revolution ? 16 . In the following word , eliminate the second letter and every alternate letter thereafter . What word do the remaining letters form ? GLEAM . 17 . Rearrange the following letters so that they make the name of an article of furniture : . C H O C U . 18 . My father is the brother of your sister . What relative am I of yours ? Cousin , nephew , son , uncle , son-in-law ? 19 . By eliminating one letter in each of four words in the following sentence , a new sentence of an entirely different meaning will remain . They heard meat was stewed . 20 . What two four-letter words pronounced the same but spelled differently mean ` valley ' and ` curtain ' ? 21 . Which two of the following words are composed of the same letters ? AGATE , AGITATE , GATES , STAGS , STAGE , GRATE . 22 . Write the following on your answer sheet and , by inserting two full-stops and a question mark , make the meaning clear . That that is is that that is not is not is that not so . 23 . The first part of the name of a certain make of American car is suggested by a word meaning ` call ' ; the second , by a word meaning ` insinuation ' . What is the make of the car ? 24 . There were three horses running in a race . Their names were Tally-ho , Sonny Boy , and Juanita . Their owners were Mr Lewis , Mr Bailey and Mr Smith , although not necessarily in that sequence . Tally-ho unfortunately broke his ankle at the start of the race . Mr Smith owned a brown and white three-year old . Sonny Boy had previous winnings of £ 20,000 . Mr Bailey lost heavily although his horse almost won . The horse that won was black . This race was the first race that the horse owned by Mr Lewis had run . What was the name of the horse that won ? Extract from Are You Really A Genius ? Timely Tests For The Irritatingly Intelligent , by Robert A. Streeter and Robert G. Hoehn .