Nick Clegg 's arch-rival for the leadership of the Liberal Democrats was at the centre of a bitter row last night over the death of one of the party 's councillors . Tim Farron was accused by the dead man 's widow of ` betrayal ' after an inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ` intense stress ' . Mr Stephenson , deputy leader of Cumbria County Council , fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron 's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency . Now Mr Stephenson 's widow Hilary has angrily accused Mr Farron -- a former party president dubbed ` Saint Tim ' because of his religious beliefs -- of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy . Tim Farron -LRB- left -RRB- was accused by Jo Stephenson 's -LRB- centre -RRB- widow Hilary -LRB- right -RRB- of ` betrayal ' after an inquest found that he jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ` intense stress ' Mr Stephenson initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell the paramedics that he had intended to kill himself . He died of his injuries three weeks later . The shocking sequence of events unfolded after Mr Stephenson led controversial Lib Dem plans to boost the council 's income by ending free street parking in Cumbria . Local sources claim that Mr Farron -- favourite to replace Mr Clegg if the party flops in the Election -- promised to support the charges in return for the exemption of Liberal Democrat-dominated parts of the county . But , according to Mrs Stephenson , when the plan provoked a furious backlash from local residents , Mr Farron stayed quiet as 59-year-old Mr Stephenson was bombarded with aggressive messages on Facebook and Twitter . ` They 'd negotiated a deal but Tim reneged on it and shoved Jo into the forefront to take the wrath , ' she told The Mail on Sunday . ` Jo would just say , ` it 's not what gentlemen do , is it ? ' But it is what politicians do . I do n't know the details of it -LSB- the deal -RSB- . I just know Farron reneged on it and it left Jo in a very uncomfortable position . He felt betrayed . ` When I found out that Tim Farron happened to be on holiday on the date of Jo 's funeral , I was very pleased . Would I have barred him ? Let 's just say I was very happy that the date coincided with his holiday . ' Kendal coroner 's court heard last month that in the run-up to the day on which he jumped off his roof , Mr Stephenson had been under ` considerable political pressure ' , and ` preoccupied by a culmination of matters ' . Nick Clegg 's arch-rival for the leadership of the Liberal Democrats Tim Farron -LRB- pictured -RRB- was at the centre of a bitter row last night over the death of one of the party 's councillors . He dialled 999 himself , telling the operator : ` Come quickly . I threw myself off the roof , I tried to kill myself . ' The deputy coroner ruled that the fall was ` no accident ' but stopped short of ruling Mr Stephenson committed suicide . Mrs Stephenson , who had two children with Mr Stephenson , does not believe her husband was suicidal but that he was so distressed by the personal attacks on him , he was not thinking properly . She recalled : ` I looked out of the bedroom window and saw an ambulance outside . I found Jo propped up against a chair talking to the paramedic on the phone . ' Last month , Mr Farron launched a thinly-veiled leadership challenge to Mr Clegg , saying he would bring the party ` back from the dead ' . The committed Christian brushed aside claims by enemies in the Clegg camp that he was a ` sanctimonious , God-bothering , treacherous little s *** ' , and vowed to revive the Lib Dems . Mrs Stephenson questioned Tim Farron 's ` saintly ' image , saying : ` He wants everyone to love him and do what he says but he is just a typical modern politician who likes to whizz around the Lakes from one photo opportunity to another . ` He may see himself as a future leader of the Lib Dems but he 's not the sort of character I would like to see in that job . ' Mrs Stephenson said her husband was ` absolutely delightful , ' adding : ` Jo did n't seek political glory , he was n't like that . ' Last night , Mr Farron , 44 , said : ` I 'm really saddened by these comments which are completely false and I strongly refute them . ` That does not change the fact that I have immense compassion for Hilary . Jo was an outstanding servant to our community and he is hugely missed . '