Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the French Cup final on Wednesday . Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago , and Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final and and keep them on course for quadruple . Paris Saint Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates scoring his second goal . Ibrahimovic 's 100 goal landmark tribute on the big screen at Parc Des Princes . Ibrahimovic was presented with a trophy after the match for scoring 100 goals . Despite his hat-trick , Ibrahimovic still had time to argue with the referee . PSG are also bidding to become the first French side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season and will face Ligue 2 club and four-times winners Auxerre in the final at the Stade de France on May 30 . They take on Bastia in the League Cup final on Saturday and are top of the Ligue 1 table , one point ahead of Olympique Lyonnais , with seven games left . Ibrahimovic opened the scoring at the Parc des Princes from the penalty spot with his 100th goal for the club on 21 minutes following a Francois Clerc foul on Ezequiel Lavezzi . Romain Hamouma levelled for the visitors five minutes later with a powerful header from a rare chance for St Etienne , who were outclassed throughout . Blaise Matuidi -LRB- right -RRB- tweeted picture of midfielder with Ibrahimovic after the match . Ibrahimovic put PSG ahead from the penalty spot in the 21st minute . Ibrahimovic sent goalkeeper Stephane Ruffier the wrong way from the spot . Ezequiel Lavezzi made it 2-1 to PSG after he headed in Javier Pastore 's cross from the right . Ibrahimovic jumps over the challenge of a Saint-Etienne defender . Lavezzi made it 2-1 in the 59th minute from an excellent Javier Pastore cross , before Zlatan Ibrahimovic netted his second with eight minutes remaining after rounding goalkeeper Stephane Ruffier . He completed his hat-trick for the eight-times winners with a powerful low strike in added time . The Sweden striker is now PSG 's second highest all-time scorer on 102 goals , behind former Portugal forward Pauleta . ` It 's tough but we were vulnerable and we missed too many easy chances , ' Saint-Etienne captain Loic Perrin said . ` It 's not normal to lose 4-1 . We know they 're a good team but we should do better than that . ' League leader PSG , who are one point ahead of Lyon in the title race , remains on course for a unique quadruple , and plays Bastia in the League Cup on Sunday before facing Barcelona in the first leg of the Champions league quarter finals four days later . On Tuesday , second tier club Auxerre stunned holders Guingamp 1-0 at home thanks to Frederic Sammaritano 's first-half goal .