This is the scarred face of a nursing student who was hit in the face by a flying pint glass which was thrown across a crowded pub during a heavy metal gig . Charnelle Hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston reading a text message , when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig . The culprit Jordan Goode , also aged 20 , had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly . Charnelle Hughes , who was left scarred , swollen and fearing she might lose her right eye after being struck in the face by a pint glass , which was thrown across a crowded pub . Witnesses said Goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet before launching it across the room , as if throwing a cricket ball . Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion , and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye . She now has to see a facial specialist and has been warned that her facial features may drop . At Preston Crown Court , Goode , from Tipton in the West Midlands , sobbed as he admitted wounding and escaped with a suspended jail term . But after the case teetotal Miss Hughes , from Preston , said : `` I 'm really annoyed with what he got - it seems like he has got a slap on the wrist . ` At the time I was injured he was raging around like some kind of lunatic and was jumping around and stamping his feet . Miss Hughes , pictured left before the attack and right afterwards , is still having to see a facial specialist and has been warned her facial features might drop . The 20-year-old student nurse says that she was left feeling she looked like the Elephant Man after being hit and adds that she has no feeling in the side of her face . ` When my mother saw me afterwards she said I looked like the Elephant Man . I still ca n't feel any of my cheek , no feeling has come back . I could n't sleep on that side of my face and they did n't know if I 'd lose my eye . I have double vision as a result and a facial wound . ` It has got me down . I was hiding my face when I went out and do n't like pictures so I always turn to my left . I felt like I looked horrible and was walking around with a scarf pulled up . People were saying , `` look at her eye , look at her face '' and were pointing at me on the bus . ` I 've been told my eye could drop and there could still be long term damage . ` I just remember pulling my phone out of my pocket to look at a text and the next thing I felt a blow to my face and stumbling back . I thought someone had punched me but my head was pulsing that much . Miss Hughes , who does n't drink because of acid reflux condition had blood pouring down her face before she was taken by ambulance to hospital . ` I felt like I 'd lost half of my face . There was instant swelling and blood was coming down my face . There was just no rhyme or reason to it . ' The incident occurred last December whilst Goode had been ` hard-core dancing ' at the venue , where the bands Sentence and Desolated had been playing . Prosecutor Karen Brooks told the court : ` It involves jumping around and punching towards each other . Miss Hughes had been to such venues before and knew what to expect and her and her friends stood back . ` Whilst she was sending a text message the defendant picked up a pint glass from the floor , placed it on a table then picked it up and threw it across the dance floor . It hit the complainant on the side of her head which she was n't expecting , her face was bleeding and swelling . ' The court was told that there had been a crowd of around 30 to 40 people and that Goode had been drinking . Jordan Goode , pictured , who had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly . He sobbed after admitting wounding at Preston Crown Court . Miss Hughes , who does n't drink because of acid reflux condition had blood pouring down her face before she was taken by ambulance to hospital . She was treated for a haemotoma in the eye and a 1 inch cut below the eye and her face remains bruised and swollen four months on . She was also diagnosed with nerve damage and has difficulty with her vision and hearing and has fallen behind with her studies at Preston College where she was in her first year . Miss Brooks added : ` Her lips and jaw are still numb and she has difficulty attending college because she could n't see out of her right eye and she will have a scar . ' Goode was located after CCTV obtained from the pub linked him to the band 's Facebook page . In interview he accepted he had got ` carried away with the night with hard-core dancing ' and threw the glass . Miss Brooks added : ` He said he did n't mean to hit anyone and if he had known he would have apologised . She will have a scar . ' Goode was sentenced to 14 months in a young offenders institution suspended for 12 months and must complete 120 hours unpaid work . The Adelphi pub in Preston , where Goode randomly threw the glass , which struck Miss Hughes on the head . He must also comply with a three month electronic curfew between the hours of 10 pm and 6 am and pay £ 500 compensation . Passing sentence Judge Pamela Badley told him : ` The idea that for fun that you can pick up a glass and throw it randomly into a group of people on a crowded dance floor - it was a matter of pure chance , you could have taken this young woman 's eye . ` You could have caused a very significant amount of injury to more than one person and at the time you had taken some cannabis and alcohol which is an aggravated fact . ` Unfortunately in the courts we deal with people who do n't look at the consequences of their actions . The fact that you have got to the age of 20 , have held down a job and on the face of it , a responsible young man , yet can can act in this way is extremely worrying . ` It has affected her confidence , she is going to have a scar on the face . She was n't even taking part in the hard-core dancing because she knew it would allow idiots to have free reign . ` The affect upon her has been significant , the scar to her right eye and swelling meant she had a great deal of anxiety . '