Will Stevens is hoping for third time lucky this weekend in his bid to finally compete in a grand prix weekend with Manor . Stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two Formula One events of the year in Australia and Malaysia . Manor have naturally had their teething problems since being rescued from administration , notably in Melbourne where Stevens and team-mate Roberto Merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap due to the rebuild of their IT infrastructure . Manor driver Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend . At Sepang , after taking part in the two Friday practice sessions , Stevens frustratingly missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue . The 23-year-old , speaking ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix , said : ` Clearly Malaysia was a tough weekend for me . ` It started pretty well , I felt comfortable in the car straight away , and the pace we had in P1 and P2 would have got us easily inside 107 per cent for qualifying , so that was a positive . ` To then miss qualifying and the race was disappointing , but then we came into this year knowing the first few races would be difficult . ` I want to be out in quali and racing , and if I 'm not then I 'm going to be disappointed and frustrated because my job is to race . Stevens , pictured driving during a practice session in Malaysia , is yet to compete in qualifying this season . ` But I understand everything that has gone on . It 's great the team are back -LRB- in F1 -RRB- and I understand the effort that has gone into that . ` It 's not as if I 'm sitting here not understanding what everyone has had to go through . ` I 'm part of the team and I need to understand everything that is going on . As I do , it makes problems easier to get through . ` So third time lucky and I hope this weekend will be good . ` Coming here we 're in a much better position again and I 'd like to think I 'll be racing . ' Stevens is confident the problem that struck in Malaysia will not reoccur at the Shanghai International Circuit . Stevens walks alongside his Manor team-mate Roberto Merhi at Sepang Circuit late last month . ` It 's about working our way through everything we 've got to get through , ' said Stevens . ` Gremlins creep up and you have to figure out what they are and move on from there . ` That 's what we 've done and we 're as sure as we can be this weekend we should be running smoothly . ` Roberto saw the flag in Malaysia , which was great for the team he did . It was good data and mileage . ` So this weekend we should be up and running and everything should be good . '