As well as keeping alive hopes of an unlikely charge to the Premier League title , victory for Arsenal at Turf Moor on Saturday will also ensure Arsene Wenger 's men claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season . The Gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against fierce rivals Tottenham at White Hart Lane on February 7 , a run of form which has moved them to second place in the table . Now just seven points behind leaders Chelsea , Arsenal have a chance to surpass Manchester City 's equally impressive run of seven victories in a row this season when they take on relegation-threatened Burnley in Saturday 's late kick-off . Arsenal celebrate last week 's 4-1 victory over Liverpool which took their winning streak to seven games . Victory against Burnley will ensure Arsenal claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season . Olivier Giroud -LRB- centre -RRB- and Co celebrate against Newcastle as the Gunners won 2-1 at St James ' Park . Giroud flies through the air as the Frenchman celebrates opening the scoring in the 3-1 win against West Ham . Alexis Sanchez roars with delight after finding the net as Arsenal defeated QPR 2-1 at Loftus Road last month . Giroud points to the sky after scoring in the first half of Arsenal 's 2-0 victory over Everton at the Emirates . Santi Cazorla -LRB- left -RRB- is all smiles after scoring in Arsenal 's 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park . Theo Walcott celebrates finding the net against Leicester as Arsenal started their winning streak inFebruary . City earned maximum points from seven games prior to throwing away a two-goal lead in a 2-2 draw at home to the Clarets on December 28 . With Burnley battling for survival , the Gunners will be wary of a similarly damaging result when they take on Sean Dyche 's spirited team in front of the Sky Sports cameras . But if they do manage to take three points from Turf Moor , Arsenal will still be on target to match their best ever winning streak in the Premier League era by the time the season is over . The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins , having come out on top in 14 successive games between February and August in 2002 . That run , which was also overseen by Wenger , helped Arsenal beat Liverpool and Manchester United to the 2001-02 title before a draw at West Ham in the second game of the following season ended the streak . United sit second on the list , having put together a 12-game winning run under Sir Alex Ferguson between March and August 2000 . Their storming end to the 1999-00 campaign ensured the Red Devils comfortably won their sixth Premier League title , with second-placed Arsenal finishing a massive 18 points behind them . Chelsea 's longest winning streak stands at 11 games between April and September in 2009 as interim boss Guus Hiddink and his successor , Carlo Ancelotti , helped the Blues hit top form . Liverpool put together their best run of form last season as they stormed towards their first Premier League title before faltering in two of their final three games . Aided by the goals of Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge , Brendan Rodgers ' side also managed 11 straight wins between February and April before losing 2-0 at home to Chelsea . Manchester City were just one victory away from equalling their best run of eight straight wins earlier this season but they could n't quite manage to repeat the feat they managed between December 2013 and January 2014 . The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive victories - winning 14 games to clinch the title in 2002 . Manchester United 's winning streak of 12 games helped Sir Alex Ferguson 's men to the title in 1999-00 . Chelsea striker Demba Ba slides the ball home at Anfield to end Liverpool 's 11-game winning run last season . Everton also put together their best ever run in the Premier League last season , earning seven wins on the bounce between March and April last year as they tried and failed to break into the top four . Newcastle won seven straight games in 1996 , while Tottenham managed one less in the last three months of 2011 . Aston Villa , Crystal Palace , Southampton , Sunderland and West Ham all have a best winning run of five games in the Premier League era , with Hull , Leicester , Stoke , Swansea and West Brom all managing four victories in succession . Struggling QPR could do with repeating the three-match winning steak they put together in March 1995 , while Burnley 's two consecutive victories last November remains their most impressive run .