Arrested : Veteran William Snyder , 34 , has been charged in connection with the disappearance and death of his wife , Kelley Jo Snyder , 34 . The husband of a Pennsylvania mother of three has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body over the weekend . Army-veteran William Snyder , 34 , was charged hours after the body of his wife , Kelley Jo Snyder , 34 , was found in a river near to their home on Saturday . She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday . Police in Renovo say that Snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $ 60,000 for his wife 's safe return . Coroner Zachary Hanna said the cause and manner of death are pending results of toxicology tests . State police have said they expect more charges to be filed after the results are published . Snyder is currently in the Clinton County Correctional Facility on $ 500,000 bail and was arrested at a motel in the small town of Horseheads on Friday in New York after presumably fleeing last week . He was returned across the state border and charged the next day . A police affidavit seen by PennLive.com claims that Snyder , who uses the name BJ , has admitted removing his wife 's body from their home and taking it to the Halls Run river . Recovered : The body of Shelley Jo Snyder was found in a river near to where she lived with her husband . Day out : William and Shelley-Jo Snyder with their son on a day out to the Met Life stadium in New Jersey . He is the alleged to have sent a ransom note to a local restaurant , himself and an email to police demanding money for her safe return . Snyder first reported his wife missing at 12.01 on the Monday following Easter Sunday sparking a huge search of the local area . Snyder and her three children said they had last seen Kelly Jo leave the family home at at around 5.45 pm right before they sat down to eat their Easter dinner . She is supposed to have left the home to pick up sweet potatoes , but police claim she never made it the store . Police said they spoke to her 14-year-old son and he told them she had taken her wallet , bank card and identification with her . Family affair : Shelley-Jo was last seen at just before 6.00 pm on Easter Sunday when she told her family she was going to buy some sweet potatoes . On Wednesday , during the search of the neighborhood , BJ 's sister , T.T. Wertz found her sister-in-laws waller near to her house even though the area had been thoroughly searched . On Tuesday , Snyder spoke to Newswatch 16 before his wife 's body was discovered . ` We just hope if she is out there and can see this or someone sees this and has any info to get a hold of us , ' said Snyder to the local news station . In court papers , Snyder has admitted to sending the ransom note to his own address and to a local restaurant and an email to police before he was arrested . Neighbors of the pair have expressed disbelief at the turn of events . ` I think they are wrong . I do n't think it was him , so I think they need to do a little more investigating other than pinning on the husband , ' said Faith Marr , a neighbor to Newswatch 16 .