Arsenal moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place , and kept the pressure up on leaders Chelsea , as they held on to beat a spirited Burnley at Turf Moor . Arsene Wenger 's side were far from their best , but Aaron Ramsey 's early goal put them ahead and Burnley , for all their endeavour , did n't create too many clear-cut chances . Here 's how Sportsmail rated each player ... Burnley . Tom Heaton : Saved well from Ozil in the build-up to Arsenal 's goal but was unfortunate his defenders could not clear . 7 . Kieran Trippier : Forced Ospina into a good save with a curling free-kick and delivered well from corners . 6 . Jason Shackell : At fault for Arsenal 's opener as his sloppy pass gave possession away cheaply . 5.5 . Michael Duff : The 37-year-old did a good job of keeping Giroud under wraps and provided a threat from corners . 6.5 . Ben Mee : Made a superb block to deny Ramsey a second after a brilliant lobbed pass from Ozil . 7 . Ben Mee was booked in the first half for a blatant block on Aaron Ramsey , but responded well . Michael Duff goes up to challenge Arsenal 's in-form striker Olivier Giroud during the hard-fought encounter . George Boyd : Full of running as ever but failed to trouble Arsenal when in possession of the ball . 6 . Scott Arfield : Another full of industry and almost provided an assist for Ings with a clever lob . 6 . David Jones : Brought calmness and quality to Burnley 's midfield but could not find a killer pass . 6.5 . Ashley Barnes : Wide left is not his favoured position but put Bellerin under pressure with and intense work ethic . 6 . Danny Ings : Starved action but went close with an acrobatic effort from Arfield 's chip into the box . 6 . Sam Vokes : Saw an early chance go begging when he fired at Ospina from close range . 6 . Subs : Taylor -LRB- for David Jones -RRB- 90 . George Boyd , who missed a great chance for Burnley on the half-volley , tackles Francis Coquelin . Scott Arfield tries to get to grips with Mesut Ozil as Burnley worked exceptionally hard against Arsenal . Arsenal . David Ospina : Was perhaps busier than he might have expected and had to make decent saves to deny Vokes and Trippier . 7 . Hector Bellerin : Faded after a bright start . Pinned back by Barnes ' aggressive closing down . Nutmegged by Mee . 6 . Laurent Koscielny : Kept a close eye on Danny Ings and restricted the Burnley top-scorer to just one chance . 7 . Per Mertesacker : Given a good , physical battle by Vokes and just about came out on top . 7 . Hector Bellerin is chopped down by Ashley Barnes as Burnley targeted the young Spanish full back . Laurent Koscielny suffered a few difficult moments as Arsenal sought to continue their excellent form . Nacho Monreal : Made a vital interception and clearance to thwart a chance for Ings . 6 . Francis Coquelin : Has developed into a key member of Arsenal 's midfield and did another fine job as the anchor man .7.5 . Mesut Ozil : Less effective than he was against Liverpool , with only flashes of brilliance . 6 . Aaron Ramsey : Applied the finishing touch after a goalmouth scramble to get the Gunners noses in front . 6.5 . Aaron Ramsey fires home to put Arsenal ahead despite several Burnley defenders ' best efforts . Santi Cazorla : Left his shooting boots in north London . The Spaniard whipped a free-kick narrowly wide and sent an ambitious left-foot volley over the bar . 6 . Alexis Sanchez : Saw plenty of the ball in the wide left channel but Burnley coped well to nullify the Chilean 's threat . 6 . Olivier Giroud : Marked out of the game by Burnley 's centre-backs and hardly had a kick before being replaced . 5 . Subs : Welbeck for Giroud -LRB- 81 -RRB- , Chambers for Sanchez -LRB- 90 -RRB- . Referee : Mike Dean 6.5 . Alexis Sanchez appeals for a free kick in a game where Burnley 's tough tackling caused him some problems . Olivier Giroud holds the ball up , but could n't add to his six-game goalscoring run at Turf Moor .