Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors ' . The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday , forcing it to dock near the Opera House . They were rushed to St Vincent 's Hospital . Police said heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable . On Friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end . Four men are believed to have suffered from drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors ' One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit , including blue ones with scissor stamps on them , a friend told police . Police believe at least that man , and possibly the others , had taken ` blue scissor ' pills , similar to those linked to overdoses in Cronulla last year . Three men and a woman were hospitalised last November after taking the pills . On Friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end . Police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel . Two men , 21 and 22 , were charged and will appear in court this month . Before the boat - which was hosting a ` Dirty Funken Beats ' party - left King Street Wharf at noon , three sniffer dogs were on hand to greet passengers . Police say they discovered cocaine , marijuana and MDMA before the boat left the wharf . Before the boat - which was hosting a ` Dirty Funken Beats ' party - left King Street Wharf at noon , three sniffer dogs were on hand to greet passengers . ` We are rather concerned about how the drugs came on board , ' Acting Superintendent Joe McNulty said . ` Instead of getting one drug dog yesterday , we went pretty firm and got three drug detection dogs there to comb the wharf , comb the area and all the participants before they boarded the boat . ' Police discovered cocaine , marijuana and MDMA , Supt McNulty said . Disgruntled passengers took to Facebook on Saturday demanding refunds from promoters . ` How bout that refund eh ? ' one person wrote . Dirty Funken Beats responded : ` We work hard to put on awesome parties for everyone and something happens out of our control and you want 40 bucks back . ` Not overly thoughtful but we will sort it for you . ' The cruise operator was served with a short-term closure order , preventing the vessel going back on the water for 72 hours . Supt McNulty said it was the first time such an order had been served on a Sydney Harbour party boat . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .