Dr Nadeem Azeez , 52 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . An international arrest warrant has been issued for an NHS doctor who is believed to have left the country after a teacher died following a caesarean . Dr Nadeem Azeez , 52 , is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence , along with fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish , 67 . Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter -- the first time a health trust has been charged with the offence since its introduction in 2008 . Frances Cappuccini died within hours of her second son 's birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood . At an earlier inquest hearing , the family 's lawyer said her death might have been avoided if doctors had not persuaded her to change her birth plan . The 30-year-old -- a primary school teacher -- had intended to have an elective caesarean at Tunbridge Wells Hospital . But she and her husband Tom , 35 , reluctantly abandoned their plans after doctors said they should allow labour to progress naturally overnight . Their son Giacomo was eventually born by emergency caesarean -- but Mrs Cappuccini suffered massive bleeding and died soon afterwards on October 9 , 2012 . Her husband was left to bring up the little boy -- who has the middle name Frankie in memory of his mother -- and the couple 's other son , Luca , five , by himself . The family 's lawyer Neil Sheldon told Mrs Cappuccini 's inquest that she was left struggling to breathe for 90 minutes without being given sufficient oxygen . He also questioned why the teacher did not receive a blood transfusion earlier and suggested there could be an issue with maternity ward staff overruling women 's wishes for their birth plans . The inquest was halted in February last year so evidence could be referred to prosecutors to allow them to consider bringing criminal charges . Mr Sheldon said at the time : ` The family has not entered into the process for any other reason than to have questions answered . They are not trying to have anyone convicted , but they do want to find out what happened and why . ' Neighbours said Dr Azeez then moved away in September after splitting up with his wife -- who is also a doctor -- and selling his house in Tunbridge Wells . He had attended school and completed his medical training in Lahore , Pakistan , before coming to Britain . The father of two is also currently suspended from the General Medical Council 's register of doctors . Tragedy : Frances Cappuccini , 30 , died from a haemorrhage hours after giving birth to her second son Giacomo on October 9 , 2012 . Two doctors have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . Heartbreak : Lawyers said Mrs Cappuccini and her husband Tom , 33 , from West Malling , Kent had decided on birth by planned caesarean - but were allegedly persuaded to try a natural birth instead . A spokesman for Kent Police said : ` An international warrant has been issued for the arrest of Dr Azeez , who is believed to have left the country and returned to Pakistan . ' Dr Cornish , of Bromley in South London , is originally from South Africa where he trained at the University of Cape Town in the 1970s . Delays : An inquest into Mrs Cappuccini 's death was due to be heard in February last year but was postponed while Kent police investigated the possibility of criminal charges . Mrs Cappuccini , who was affectionately called ` Mrs Coffee ' by her pupils , taught five and six-year-olds at Offham Primary School , near West Malling , also in Kent . Her positive attitude has been praised by headteacher Phillip Hunter , who described her as a ` bubbly and enthusiastic person ' and paid tribute to her as a ` brilliant teacher ' . Lawyers for the family said yesterday that they did not want to comment on the decision to charge the two anaesthetists . Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust -- which was criticised in 2007 after 90 patients died in an outbreak of superbug C difficile -- said it could not make a statement for legal reasons . The first hearing in the case will take place at Sevenoaks magistrates ' court on Friday next week . Mrs Cappuccini managed to spend time with her new son who was born weighing 7 lb 15oz and nurse him before she died . She and her husband Tom had a son Luca , who was three at the time of her death . Mrs Cappuccini had taught at Offham Primary School in West Malling for nine years after training there . Colleagues and friends described her as ` bubbly and enthusiastic ' and a ` brilliant teacher ' . Phillip Hunter , head of the 200 pupil primary school , said at the time of her death : ` Frankie did her teacher training with us nine years ago and stayed on afterwards . ` She was a bubbly , enthusiastic and positive person and on top of all a brilliant teacher . ` She was a friend and a colleague to us . The community is shattered to learn of her death . ' The Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust said today it was unable to comment on the case . Workplace : Mrs Cappuccini had taught at Offham Primary School in West Malling for nine years before she dfed . Tribute : The children affectionately called her ` Mrs Coffee ' and wrote their own messages after her death . Death : The teacher died at Pembury Hospital in Tunbridge Wells , Kent , pictured , almost three years ago . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .