While the world 's most elite surfers have taken to their boards to win the illustrious Margaret River Pro , the real prize has gone to the spectacular and sometimes frightening wipe-outs . Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten . The 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` Box ' - a right hand barrel at Margaret River 's main break on Wednesday . Scroll down for video . The most impressive wipe-out went to Australian surfer Josh Kerr when he plunged head first into the reef . Kerr was surfing the notorious ` Box ' at Margaret River which is renowned for shallow surf break . Another spectacular wipe-out went to Owen Wright just after he dropped in on a huge wave . Wright scored a perfect ten wave score on day two of the Margaret River Pro on the first time he surfed the Box . The wipe-out came within five minutes of Wright receiving the ultimate score . Safety officials looked on in anticipation as the world champion surfer plunged into the break . The Box is renowned in Western Australia for its challenging shallow surf break directly over the reef , but also for its world-class waves . Adam Melling , Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes . But the wipe-outs were n't the only distractions to the World Championship Tour . The Box is renowned for a challenging shallow surf break directly over the reef , but also for world-class waves . Josh Kerr finished 2nd in the 2014 Drug Aware Margaret River Pro and is currently 6th in this years comp . Adam Melling showed a burst of confidence before he too lost his balance and fell off his board . The nasty wipe-out occurred as Melling was on the way to his loss against Hawaiian John John Florence . Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion , Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies in an enormous upset . Davies then went onto beat three-time world champion , Mick Fanning . It was also revealed that the competitors had an unwanted guest during their heat . ` We had a shark cruise through the lineup which was a little sketchy , but it was only a baby one eating some fish , ' Davies said . The top 36 ranked male and top 18 ranked female surfers in the world compete in the Margaret River Pro . The event runs from April 15 until April 26 and has thousands of spectators in Surfer 's Point , Prevelly . The notorious break The Box took its toll in the first seven of the 12 round-one heats . Hawaiian surfer John John Florence started the Margaret River Pro in laid-back style scoring 13.00 in first heat . The 22-year-old also suffered a massive wipe-out when he got caught in a barrel . However , he managed to still advance into round 4 of the competition after winning his round 3 heat . The surf break of ` The Box ' is a mere centimetres from the reef , posing a huge danger to even seasoned surfers . It was revealed that competitors had an unwanted guest during their heat with a small shark cruising through .