Amanda Holden today revealed that her sister is trapped on Mount Everest after the devastating earthquake -- but said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness . The TV presenter said her sister , Debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday , killing more than 4,000 people . She said : ` It 's awful , I can barely speak . I 'm still quite numb . It 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal . ' In a fortunate twist , she said Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover . Numb : Amanda Holden has told how her sister is trapped on Mount Everest after the devastating earthquake . ` Awful situation ' : The TV presenter said her sister , Debbie -LRB- pictured , left , in 2005 and , right , in 1998 -RRB- had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday . Amateur video footage shows how a group of climbers ran for their lives as the Nepal earthquake hit at Everest Base Camp yesterday . Holden , who was interviewing search and rescue experts on ITV 's This Morning , said : ` Very luckily she is at a place that is the last camp before you get to Base Camp one on the south side . ` There was only four of them left at that camp . Because my sister was suffering so badly from altitude sickness she did n't walk up to base camp -- which potentially might have saved her life . ' She said her sister , a scuba-diving instructor , had been able to send a text message to her family from a friend 's phone to say she was safe . She said : ` I think they rushed out when the earthquake came and rushed back in because they were affected by an avalanche partly at the camp they were in ... and I think they were going to make their way down this morning . ' Holden said there was a possibility that her sister had been airlifted from the mountain this morning or could even have walked back down . Speaking later on Sky News , she said Debbie had sent an e-mail saying that she had made it safely to another camp further down the mountain . Appearing close to tears , she said : ` We are extremely lucky . I 'm dying to hear her voice . ' Holden -LRB- pictured , above , on This Morning with Phillip Schofield -RRB- said her sister Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover . Holden and her husband Chris Hughes were pictured in Manchester after having lunch together on Saturday . Medics and experts from the UK are in the country already and the UK International Search and Rescue team also dispatched crews destined for Kathmandu . The Foreign Office said it had not received reports of any Britons being killed or injured but embassy staff had assisted 200 people . A total of 90 British and Irish-born people are among the missing , according to a website set up for the families by the International Committee of the Red Cross . In a message to Nepalese President Ram Baran Yadav , the Queen said today that she was ` shocked to hear of the appalling loss of life and injuries ' caused by the earthquake , adding that her ` thoughts and prayers are with the victims ' . It came after terrified British newlyweds last night described how they cheated death as an avalanche triggered by the Nepal earthquake hit their Everest camp . Sam and Alexandra Chappatte found themselves having to cling to ice axes to avoid being swept away by deadly ice and snow . As the quake reduced many of the country 's most famous landmarks to rubble , honeymooners Sam and Alexandra Chappatte found themselves having to cling to ice axes to avoid being swept away by deadly ice and snow . The couple have now been caught up in Everest 's two most deadly disasters , after their first attempt at climbing the world 's highest peak was ended last year when an avalanche hit the Khumbu Icefall , killing 16 guides . They were forced to abandon their ascent but remortgaged their flat in Notting Hill , West London , to fund a second attempt . The pair , who married earlier this month , described on their internet blog the terrifying moment the quake hit during their second bid to make it to the summit . They had left Base Camp and climbed across the Khumbu Icefall to make it to Camp 1 at 19,800 ft -LRB- 6,035 m -RRB- when powerful tremors shook the ground . The couple , both 28 , wrote : ` The earthquake hit about 30 minutes after we had crossed the icefall and found our tents . ` The ground started shaking violently but before we could react Dan -LSB- Mazur , their climbing group leader -RSB- was shouting , ` Get out of your f ****** tents , grab your ice axes ! ' ` We staggered out to see an avalanche coming straight at us . A blast of wind knocked us down but we were able to get up and run to shelter behind some tents and anchor ourselves with our axes . ` We focused on keeping an air hole so we could breathe in the powder . ' The couple are part of a 11-strong group of climbers led by Dan Mazur , from Bristol , who tweeted ` please pray for everyone ' in the immediate aftermath of Saturday 's quake in Nepal . Some 30 climbers are now stranded at Camp One as debris from the avalanche has blocked the Khumbu Icefall below them . Disaster : Homes have been reduced to piles of rubble in Bhaktapur near the capital of Kathmandu . The camp was also hit by a powerful aftershock yesterday , triggering three more avalanches . Meanwhile chaos broke out in Kathmandu as passengers attempted to fight their way into the international airport in a bid to leave the country . The city was one of the worst affected areas and centuries of history were destroyed in minutes as the quake saw many of the country 's most famous landmarks destroyed . The Dharahara Tower was brought down and historic temples in Durbar Square collapsed . Yesterday 24-year-old Briton Tara Bradshaw from Brighton -- who was feared missing -- managed to get in contact her family to let them know that she was safe . In touch : Tara Bradshaw from Brighton , East Sussex , managed to get in touch with her family and tell them she was safe . Collapse : The historic , 200ft Dharahara tower in central Kathmandu before and after the earthquake . Debris : A Buddha statue survived the carnage after a temple collapsed in the city . And the Chappattes also were able to let their loved ones know they were ` okay ' . But one of their worried relatives appealed for helicopter rescue for the group of around 100 climbers and sherpas trapped between two camps on Everest , where up to 18 people are thought to have perished on Saturday . Sarah Chappatte wrote on the couple 's blog : ` All reports confirm that the icefall is now impassable so there is no way to climb down . More aftershocks are being reported as I write . ` They have enough food and enough supplies for a few days and some of the climbers are beginning to suffer from altitude sickness . Now we need to get them out . '