A man who killed his friend , stuffed the body into a suitcase and threw it into a canal has been jailed for 19 years . Lorenzo Simon , 34 , of Smethwick , West Midlands , and his girlfriend Michelle Bird used their friend Michael Spalding for slave labour before Simon killed him and dismembered his body . The 39-year-old 's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before Simon and Bird threw them into Birmingham Canal , a court heard . Scroll down for video . Lorenzo Simon , -LRB- left -RRB- who killed Michael Spalding -LRB- right -RRB- before stuffing the body in a suitcase and throwing it into a canal , has been jailed for a minimum of 19 years . Police have now released CCTV video footage showing the pair dragging the cases along a pavement . Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today and Bird , while being acquitted of the same charge , was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years . At a sentencing hearing , Mrs Justice Thirlwall told Simon : ` You had no thought for him at all . Your focus , as so often in your life , was on what was best for you . ' Simon initially denied knowledge of Mr Spalding 's death , claiming he threw him out following a row over a car crash , but later admitted assaulting him during a fight after police found tiny blood droplets on the flat 's lounge wall . Neighbours reported seeing a bonfire in the rear garden following Mr Spalding 's disappearance - a heat so intense it melted UPVC guttering fascias - and forensic examination of debris from an oil drum showed it to be part of the victim 's humerus bone . Michelle Bird -LRB- pictured -RRB- was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years . Police divers recovered the second case - containing the victim 's head , limbs and tools - below Pope Bridge , Smethwick , on May 16 and further searches of the canal bed uncovered a hacksaw . Using futuristic 3D scanning technology - developed through a pioneering project with Warwick University - experts were able to show a perfect fit between the charred bone and a severed limb found in the suitcase . And the same scanning proved a link between the hacksaw and lacerations found on other bones . Drag marks were also found on the towpath near where the pair dumped the suitcases into the canal . Detective Inspector Harry Harrison from West Midlands Police said : ` Michael was exploited in life by Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird and they afforded him no dignity in death . On the contrary , they treated him in the most despicable manner in order to conceal their crime . ` Simon accepted Michael as a tenant on the agreement he used his considerable handyman skills to do up the flat . But he treated him like a slave , working him past midnight and then waking him early in the morning to continue working . ` They were only allowed out with his say-so and given just one meal a day - usually pizza and chips . ` Michael finally broke and complained at their treatment - we believe that , combined with a car accident where Simon accused him of being responsible for damaging his VW Passat , led to the fatal attack . ` Simon said he hit Michael in the back and that he fell to the floor dead within seconds and claimed to have disposed of the body in panic . ` Bird said she was on an errand to buy alcohol at the time of the killing but later admitted helping her boyfriend in the aftermath . The 39-year-old 's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before Simon and Bird threw them into Birmingham Canal . Police have now released CCTV video footage showing them dragging the cases -LRB- circled in red -RRB- . ` However , we were able to provide compelling evidence to the jury that this was a vicious murder and that Simon went to considerable lengths to try and cover his tracks . ' Mr Spalding had been living at the Oxford Road address for almost three weeks and was under the impression a good renovation job would help him land his own tenancy with the landlord . However , Simon blamed the father-of-three for a collision in mid-April that left his VW Passat with front end damage - and told him the crash ended his hopes of securing his own place and jeopardised their own tenancy arrangement . Mr Spalding last spoke to his partner , who moved out to be with family in Tamworth , at 10 pm on April 25 and police suspect he was murdered later that night or the following day . Mr Spalding 's body parts were found inside this suitcase , which was dumped in the Birmingham Canal . A second suitcase -LRB- pictured -RRB- containing Mr Spalding 's remains was discovered 11 days later . The black suitcase containing the victim 's torso was first spotted on May 5 floating in the water near Pope Bridge by a narrow boat owner . It was seen on several subsequent occasions by canal users before a contractor , suspecting the case contained a dead animal , towed it to Icknield Port yard on May 12 . Unemployed Simon - who has convictions for robbery , burglary , theft and drug supply - moved to Derby in a bid to evade police when news of the body find broke - but was arrested with Bird on May 19 and charged two days later . Detectives later heard accounts from neighbours in Oxford Road who told of ` aggressive , nasty ' arguments coming from the flat . When police raided the home , parts of a humerus bone were discovered inside this charred drum . 3D scanning technology was able to prove a link between this hacksaw and lacerations found on Mr Spalding 's bones . The remains of Michael Spalding were found in a canal in Ladywood , Birmingham on May 12 last year . One recalled Simon saying : ` I want this place finished - I 've got to live here , you are taking the p ** s ' to which Mr Spalding replied ` I 'm tired , I 'm hungry , I want to go home . I 've been at it all day ' . A pathologist deemed a number of weapons were used to dismember the body , including knives , a saw and possibly a heavy bladed weapon like an axe . The post mortem examination was unable to confirm the precise cause of death but it is suspected Mr Spalding died from a stab wound to the neck , evidence of which was subsequently destroyed .