They each have a dominant Instagram following and are renown for capturing incredible landscape pictures , but what happens when you send eight of the best photographers on a road trip to the Isle of Skye ? In a quest to find the perfect photograph , the intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days , and post their findings with the hashtag #MovingSkyewards . Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users , with the team proving that Isle of Skye is the perfect road trip destination . Scroll down for video . Beautiful ! Hanni Gharib perfectly captures the view at the edge of Loch Earn in the Isle of Skye . Winding wonder ! Instagrammer Steve Oates captures The Quiraing , which is a landslip on the eastern face of Meall na Suiramach , the northernmost summit of the Trotternish on the Isle of Skye . Mystical mountains : Steve Oates captures the spectacular Quiraing View on his road trip with fellow bloggers . Reflective Loch Earn perfectly captured on the Europcar trip , which combined Danish and Scottish photographers for a promotional campaign . The intrepid road trippers stopped for a picture on their road trip , which was promoted using the hashtag #MovingSkyewards . The campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area 's prized landscapes and landmarks . Photographers included Fedja Salihbasic , who boasts 427,000 followers on Instagram and Hanni Gharib who flew over , meet the likes of Steve Oates and James Wright . They had long been admirers of each other 's work , so jumped at the chance to join efforts for the mission . Europcar 's aim for the mission was to showcase how having access to a vehicle enables you to fully explore some of Scotland 's most picturesque and remote locations . A spokesperson for the programme said : ` At the start of the campaign , we hoped that the images would capture people 's imagination on Instagram and inspire them to explore this part of Scotland for themselves . A key aspect of the campaign was to highlight Skye 's unrivalled scenery , and we could think of no better people to champion the Misty Isle than our group of Danish and Scottish Instagrammers . As there is no railway access to the Isle of Skye the Instagrammers set off by car to the Isle of Skye , approximately a five hour drive from Edinburgh although the reality was much different . Hanni Gharib said : ` Our mutual passion for nature and photography made a five-hour trip into a 12 hour journey . ` Trying to regulate the amount of stops was hopeless given the breathtaking scenery that unfolded itself around every corner . ` And having our own vehicles gave us the freedom to take whatever -LRB- time-consuming , but visually rewarding -RRB- detours we chose along the way . ' The campaign aimed to show that by having your own vehicle you can make the journey in your own time and enjoy easy access to some of the most spectacular areas of natural beauty along the way . The team were given hire vehicles by Europcar for the exploration . As there is no train service to the area visitors are restricted to buses or private vehicle . Hanni Gharib said : ` Our mutual passion for nature and photography made a 5 hour trip into a 12 hour journey ' The result of their three-day adventure was an exploration of over 600 miles of Scottish landscape and a collection of stunning photographs using the hashtag #MovingSkyewards . Scottish photographer Steve Oates said : ` Scotland has some of the most spectacular scenery in the world , particularly up in the Isle of Skye . ` The drive north from Edinburgh takes you through some incredible locations , including Glencoe , Fort William and Kyle of Lochalsh with the stunning Eilean Donan castle , giving many opportunities to stop by the side of road for a quick photograph or , if you prefer , a wander up into the hills for an even more impressive view . ` The best part about driving is that you do n't need to worry about the weather , which can change pretty suddenly in Scotland , and you can enjoy the way the surroundings change through different conditions as you drive around different locations . ` Driving around Skye is an incredible experience and one that already has us planning to go back again in order to explore some of the locations further . ' Another key aspect of the campaign was to highlight Skye 's unrivalled scenery , and we could think of no better people to champion the Misty Isle than our group of Danish and Scottish Instagrammers . Misty mountains : Looking Towards Glencoe which was featured in the Harry Potter movies in the Isle of Skye . Glencoe is one of Scotland 's most famous and most scenic glens . Tourists flock to the area to par-take in hillwalking and mountaineering and as a base from which to explore the Highlands of Scotland . Fans of Harry Potter will be interested that scenes from the third film instalment , The Prisoner of Azkaban , such as Hagrid 's hut , where filmed here . Windy roads : The route to the top of Scotland is twisty in parts , but offers incredible views of the rolling landscape . Waterstein Head captured by Scottish photographer Ruairidh McGlynn , who has 60,000 followers on his Instagram . Eilean Donan Castle is one of the most recognised castles in Scotland , and appears on a good few shortbread tins and calendars . Eilean Donan Castle is one of the most iconic images of Scotland and renown around the world . It is located on an island at the meeting point of three great sea lochs , and is surrounded by a wealth of majestic scenery . The castle is one of the most visited in the country , and guests can enjoy exploring nearly every part of its grounds . A Mini Cooper winding its way along the Quiraing Road on the three-day trip covering nearly 1000 km . The campaign aimed to highlight that by having your own vehicle you can make the journey from Edinburgh to the Isle of Skye in your own time and enjoy easy access to some of the most spectacular areas of natural beauty along the way . The spokesperson said : ` The response online has been magnificent , with people from around the globe having joined in on the #MovingSkyewards hashtag . ` Our hope is that this hashtag will continue to be used by other travellers exploring the Isle of Skye , enabling an even wider audience to gain an insight into its natural beauty via Instagram , Twitter or Google + . ' More information about the campaign can be viewed on the Europcar blog . At the start of the campaign , Europcar hoped that the images would capture people 's imagination on Instagram and inspire them to explore this part of Scotland for themselves . Old Man of Storr : The company stated the online response has been magnificent , with people from around the globe having joined in on the #MovingSkyewards hashtag . Our hope is that this hashtag will continue to be used by other travellers exploring the Isle of Skye , enabling an even wider audience to gain an insight into its natural beauty via Instagram , Twitter or Google + . The campaign creators felt it was important to harness the community feel of Instagram , and although the Instagrammers had been long-term admirers of each other 's photography , they had never previously met face to face . Lairig Gartain : The campaign enabled the photographers to meet up in Edinburgh and embark on a journey together , combining their unique photography skills to create some truly striking imagery . Bit far to the nearest shops ! Lagangarbh cottage in Buachaille Etive Mor is isolated amongst the stunning mountains behind . Some of the famous Instagram team gather for a photograph in front of rolling Scottish mountains . Sligachan bridge looking towards the Cuillins : One of the submissions using the hashtag #MovingSkyewards . Loch Earn -LRB- left -RRB- and Old man of Storr -LRB- right -RRB- captured during the road trip , and tagged using #MovingSkyewards .