Residents in San Bernardino County in California were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds . The county parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails , although a shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park , between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread . At its height , 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses while they tried to contain the blaze . Scroll down for video . An estimated 200 firefighters battled the blaze in California which threatened several outlying ranches . Residents were forced to flee their homes as the fire approached their properties near Victorville . One shed and one vehicle were engulfed in flames but fortunately no homes were damaged by the blaze . By late Tuesday evening , the residents were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze , which continued to burn overnight . San Bernardino County Fire Chief Mark Hartwig told the Los Angeles Times that he anticipated the fire should be fully doused later today . Park officials had been granted the appropriate permits to attempt their controlled burn , even though it soon spiraled out of control . Mr Hartwig said : ` No homes were lost due to great brush clearance around homes . ' One shed and one car was destroyed in the blaze which needed 200 firefighters , four aircraft and a and a pair of bulldozers to counter the flames . The fire was started in the Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville in California . Firefighters battled to save this home as flames lapped the outskirts of the property in Apple Valley . The fire started as a controlled burn but soon went out of control engulfing an estimated 70 acres . The fire spread through the area due to the tinder-dry conditions and threatened several nearby homes . Park officials in San Bernardino County started the controlled blaze on Tuesday but it soon spread . More than 200 members of San Bernardino Fire Department were engaged in battling the flames . Four aircraft and a pair of bulldozers were deployed in an effort to stop the fire from spreading further . Firefighters managed to get the blaze under control by 7 pm Tuesday allowing residents to return home . At the height of the blaze more than 70 acres of land were on fire threatening several homes . Fire officers said they hoped they would be able to extinguish the blaze later today depending on the weather . Nobody was injured by the blaze which was started to protect from an uncontrolled fire later in the year .