Robin van Persie scored twice as he continued his recovery from an ankle injury in Manchester United 's 4-1 win over Fulham in the Under-21 Premier League . The Holland striker 's sharp performance at Craven Cottage suggests he will be in contention to start in Louis van Gaal 's side for the visit of West Bromwich Albion on Saturday . Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February and has only just returned to the first-team picture , replacing Wayne Rooney for the final two minutes of United 's 3-0 loss at Everton on Sunday . Robin van Persie lifts the ball over Magnus Norman to score his second , and Man United 's fourth goal . Van Persie made an appearance for Manchester United Under 21s away at Fulham on Tuesday night . The Holland international opened the scoring as United took a commanding first-half lead at Craven Cottage . Joe Rothwell -LRB- right -RRB- followed up Van Persie 's opener with two goals of his own to extend United 's advantage . Fulham : Norman ; Donnelly , Buatu -LRB- c -RRB- , Baba ; Sheckleford , Mesca , Edun -LRB- de la Torre 67 -RRB- , Smile , Evans ; Plumain , Redford -LRB- Humphreys 60 -RRB- . Substitutes not used : Elworthy , Rodak . Scorer : Humphreys 90 . Booked : Sheckleford . Manchester United : Lindegaard ; Love , Blackett , Thorpe -LRB- c -RRB- , Kellett ; Rothwell -LRB- Willock 81 -RRB- . Goss -LRB- Fletcher 88 -RRB- , Grimshaw ; Pereira , Van Persie -LRB- Weir 81 -RRB- , Januzaj . Substitutes not used : O'Hara , El Fitouri . Scorers : Van Persie 13 , 80 ; Rothwell 20 , 43 . Booked : Blackett . Referee : Ashvin Degnarain . The primary aim of this appearance was to get much-needed minutes under his belt but his two goals had the added effect of sending United four points clear at the top of the Under-21 Premier League table . Van Persie was undoubtedly the star attraction , but the team fielded by Warren Joyce also included Adnan Januzaj , Tyler Blackett , Anders Lindegaard and Andreas Pereira . And it did n't take long for the visitors to assert their authority against a Fulham side threatened by relegation from the top tier at this level . On 13 minutes , Van Persie controlled a Pereira through ball just inside the 18-yard box and slotted past Fulham goalkeeper Magnus Norman to open the scoring . It was two shortly afterwards when Januzaj found Joe Rothwell in behind the Fulham defence with a lovely through ball and United 's No 7 was left with an easy finish . The United striker gives a thumbs up to the supporters as he leaves the Craven Cottage pitch . Van Persie emerges from the Craven Cottage tunnel to begin the second half in west London . Van Persie tangles with Fulham 's Jonathan Buatu Mananga in the Under 21 Premier League match . Van Persie could have claimed his second five minutes later when he stretched to reach Januzaj 's cross and saw his effort come back off the post . The contest was over two minutes before the break when Januzaj advanced down the right and cut the ball back for Rothwell to place the ball into the bottom corner . The Dutchman saw an effort deflect off Fulham captain Jonathan Buatu and against the crossbar in the second-half but he would n't be denied another goal . 10 minutes from time , he was found behind Fulham 's back line again and added his second of the night with a dinked finish over Norman . It proved to be Van Persie 's last act as he was replaced by James Weir before the restart . Fulham did claim a consolation in stoppage time when Stephen Humphreys headed home Luca de la Torre 's cross . The United striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February , and is just returning to action . Van Persie -LRB- right -RRB- was joined by Adnan Januzaj -LRB- left -RRB- and Anders Lindegaard against Fulham . Manchester United 's U21 side went into the match looking to extend their advantage at the top of the league .