The lightning-fast greens at Augusta National can be a daunting prospect for many first-timers at the Masters . Not so for Sheffield 's Danny Willett . The 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards . England 's Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta on Thursday . His brother P J Willett , at home doing some DIY on light switches , also tweeted : ` Bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #Masters2015 debut . I swapped some switches . Who 's living the dream ? ' Willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut with an eagle and an opening round of 71 at Augusta National . Willett holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th , an achievement which is traditionally rewarded with a pair of crystal glasses . ` It 's the kind of thing you dream of when you 're a kid , boxing a long one across the green , ' said Willett , who had been unhappy with his approach to the green . ` Anywhere on that green you know it 's going to be a stupidly breaking putt , but the ball is up somewhere near your kneecaps when you are hitting the second shot so it 's always hard to hit a fade into a back right flag . ` It had 18 feet of break , it comes almost backwards . ' Willett , who qualified by being in the world 's top 50 at the end of last season following his victory in the Nedbank Challenge , was in the second group out at 7.56 am . Willett felt he benefited from ideal conditions as the 27-year-old was in the second group out at 7.56 am . And the 27-year-old felt he benefited from ideal conditions and the experience of playing with 1987 Masters champion Larry Mize , as well as amateur Byron Meth . ` It really helped playing with Larry , ' Willett added . ` He won it in 1987 which is the year I was born so we were having a bit of a joke down the first . He was brilliant all day and kept trying to egg me and Byron on . He helped settle the nerves quite quickly . ` The first tee was awesome and second off there were already 20 or 30,000 people round the golf course . Every shot you hit and every tee you walked on you 're getting clapped on to . It was really special . ` I feel like I should be here but you 're not trying to put too much pressure on yourself . To be here for all four days first time out would be nice , it 's one of those courses where the more you play it the better your chances are of getting it round . For a first time out we did pretty good . '