Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history . On Saturday , at the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race , the women 's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men , who will follow an hour later . After decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing . And for Wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old Richard Cowell , from East Kilbride , it will be a momentous day . He is not up to the journey to watch his granddaughter compete for Cambridge but will still see the race , which will be televised for the first time . Wilson , 21 , said : ` I remember when I was 14 watching with my dad and my brother and saying `` Are there going to be women on ? '' They laughed -- not in a malicious way -- and said : `` There are n't any women , you could cox I guess '' . So the fact that 10 years on there is a women 's race on the Tideway and I 'm in it is pretty remarkable . It 's so wonderful that my grandfather will be able to watch it , too . ' Melissa Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- and Caroline Reid of Cambridge Women 's boat crew at Thames Rowing Club in London . Clare Balding gave up her regular stint on Channel 4 's Grand National coverage to present the event because she wants to send a message about the importance of women 's sport . ` It was a big decision to make , ' said Balding . ` But there will never be another first women 's Boat Race on the Tideway . ' Her statement was welcomed by Caroline Reid , the Cambridge president . ` It brings the attention of another audience , people who follow Clare , ' said Reid , 24 . ` Maybe people who support the Grand National disagree but they will at least be aware it 's happening and that is a good thing . ' Wilson , a third year English literature student and Reid , in her fifth year of veterinary medicine , rise at 5.30 am each day for training , gym work and lectures , then it 's back out on the river in the afternoon . Cambridge Women 's Boat Crew including Wilson -LRB- front -RRB- rowing the Thames . Reid , Claire Watkins and Wilson prepare ahead of the Boat Race next Saturday . Until this year , the women 's race was held a week before the men 's at Henley . The course was 1.2 miles compared with this year 's 4.22 mile battle from Putney to Mortlake . ` At Henley it 's straight , so conditions are largely the same the whole way down , ' said Reid . ` Tideway conditions change because the river bends . There 's a different mental and tactical side , which is exciting . ' But Reid refuses to be seen as a pioneer . ` The first women 's race was in 1927 and there were a lot of people against it , talking about whether women should be rowing at all and what they should be wearing , so they were the pioneers . We 're just carrying on in their footsteps , ' she said .