Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , Perth lawyer Naomi Bass . The smitten couple were holidaying in Japan and were out for a walk one evening when Bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal , Sullivan , 29 , told Woman 's Day . The sporting hero has won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games . ` We were walking one night and came across a lone tree in full bloom , complete with white doves , ' he told the magazine . Scroll down for video . Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan and girlfriend Naomi Bass recently got engaged on a trip to Japan . The couple met in Perth in 2011 , and Sullivan proposed to Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto . ` Naomi said `` Gee this is so romantic ; it would be a good spot for someone to propose '' . So i dropped to one knee and asked her to marry me , ' the former swimmer revealed . Sullivan said he had planned to pop the question on that trip , but not until a few days later . However he took the opportunity and surprised his girlfriend so much she was n't even able to respond straight away . Bass , 28 , told Woman 's Day she was so overwhelmed that she just ` kept laughing and crying ' and had to calm herself down before she could respond . Her now-fiance presented her with a two-carat solitaire set among 14 pale pink diamonds the colour of cherry blossoms , a reminder of where the special moment took place . The proposal took place in Kyoto , Japan two weeks ago , and the happy couple are now back in Perth . Bass , 28 , -LRB- right -RRB- told Woman 's Day she was so overwhelmed that she just ` kept laughing and crying ' The proposal took place in Kyoto , Japan two weeks ago , and the happy couple are now back in Perth , where they met in 2011 . News that the couple were an item emerged in June 2014 , shortly after Sullivan announced his retirement from competitive swimming due to a shoulder injury . The sprint king previously dated fellow swimmer Stephanie Rice for two years before the couple split prior to the Beijing Olympics in 2008 . At the time it was suggested that the pair 's relationship ended to ease the focus on the power couple ahead of the sporting event . Sullivan won two Olympic silver medals in Beijing and was on track to compete in the Commonwealth Games until he suffered more shoulder issues .