Britain 's only surviving mobile cinema has gone on sale for £ 120,000 as the owners who spent years of their life restoring it and touring the country now want to enjoy parenthood . Emma Giffard , 36 , and Ollie Halls , 37 , from Somerset , bought the cinema for just £ 1,200 in 2005 and spent £ 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon over five years . They toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity , starring alongside Melvyn Bragg in a 20-part BBC2 series ` The Reel History of Britain and in ` George Clarke 's Amazing Spaces ' . Restored : Britain 's last-ever mobile cinema has been brought back to its former glory after film buffs found it rotting in a field in 2005 . But now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus , which has taken over their lives for more than a decade . ` We 've got two children under three , ' Emma said . ` Sometimes my mother-in-law comes along and looks after the kids on whatever event site we 're on but it 's getting to be too hard with the two of them getting bigger . ' After years on the road , the couple had their first baby Iona May Giffard Halls in 2012 and five months ago , they 're second arrived , Ivy . Since then , Ollie has had to spend five months a year on tour while Emma stays at home with the children and he 's now looking forward to having more time with Iona and Ivy . Love affair : Emma and Ollie outside the Bedford cinema which has taken over their lives since they restored it ten years ago . Iona May Giffar Halls , two and a half years old , sits outside the mobile cinema . Her parents are looking to offload the classic so they can concentrate on being parents to her and sister Ivy , five months old . Dad Ollie does n't want to be on tour as they grow up . Happy families : Mum Emma with Iona May , left , and Ivy , right . The family have just bough they 're first home in Somerset . ` I 'll miss being on the road and that diversity but if I did n't give it up , I 'd miss my children growing up and spending social time with them which is more important than the bus . ' It 's now listed on eBay for £ 120,000 which is 100 times what they originally bought it for , but it 's not just a bus , it 's a piece of British history , listed as ` the soul survivor ' of the original fleet . It 's one of just seven mobile cinemas originally commissioned by the Ministry of Technology in 1967 , to promote British industry as a global leader by visiting factories to show films about modernisation . With a plastic perspex bubble at the front and a Tardis-like interior with a 26-seater cinema inside , the Bedford SB3 looked like something from the future as they toured the country promoting the ` white heat of technology ' . The vintage mobile cinema is one of just seven mobile cinemas originally commissioned by the Ministry of Technology in 1967 . A piece of history : This was how the buses were advertised when they toured factories to promote British industry in the 1960s . Super seven : The vintage is the soul survivor of a fleet of seven and was rescued from a field in Essex where it sat for 14 years . Promoting industry : Bosses and workers at factories would enter the visiting bus to learn about the ` white heat of technology ' But like all modern creations , soon enough they grew old and it was n't long before this particular cinema was on the road to being forgotten . It was owned by the Transport Trust between 1975 and 1990 but after that it sat in a field in Essex for 14 years until it was rescued by a previous owner based in Somerset . In 2005 , Ollie Halls and Emma Giffard of the Vintage Mobile Cinema Company bought it for just £ 1,200 and brought it to Devon , where they carefully restored it with the help of friends . They spent £ 35,000 on the restoration which put the vintage cinema back on the road and touring a series of shows at North Devon schools and villages and beyond . From there it went on to exhibit at film festivals , community , corporate and private events around the UK and abroad , travelling as far as Holland and France . Listed : The rare Bedford mobile cinema was fully restored between 2005 and 2010 and is now on offer on eBay for £ 120,000 . Oliver and Emma are hoping that someone else might take up the mantle and continue touring the bus but at this point the future of the cinema is uncertain . Ollie said : ` It could go any which way - a collector in this country or abroad , someone wanting to run the business , or a group putting together a bid to bring it into a trust . ` I really want it to continue to be out there for people to be able to carry on sharing the experience . ` But we have to decide what route is going to best secure its future , because it 's completely unique and owning it means that we 're custodians of that little bit of history . Government property : The fleet of Bedford SB3s as they were when they toured the country promoting industry in the 1960s . ` It was never meant to be a career - I just started doing it up as a hobby and it got out of control . ` I was working full time and spending all my spare time and spare money on the bus , lying in the mud in a freezing cold shed wondering if I 'd gone mad . ` But people just loved everything about it , which made all the blood , sweat and tears worthwhile . ` They do n't make things like this anymore , and it speaks to people 's sense of nostalgia . ` It was so popular that it absolutely and 100 per cent took over my life - and it 's been hard to give up to because so many people still want the bus . ' There 's also a new edition which could be a different opportunity to a new owner . The vehicles originally towed huge exhibition trailers and remarkably the cinema has now been reunited with its trailer - after being separated for 23 years . Re-united : The owners got a call ` out of the blue ' from someone who knew where the buses trailer was after they had been separated for 23 years . Now the pair have come together again - but the trailer is a restoration project in itself for the new owner . ` We got a phone call out the blue , ' said Ollie . ` Someone saw us on the news and realised that the trailer their friend had been using as a woodwork shop belonged with our cinema . ` It 's taken a few years but we 've finally put them back together . ' Ollie had been promised the trailer from an owner sympathetic to their project around four years ago but when he finally got it , it 's actually what convinced the family to part with the bus . ` It 's a huge restoration which I do n't think I want to do because I have a number of other projects that I 'm hoping to work on . ` We 've just bought our first house in Somerset which is a restoration project and I 've also got a 1940s caravan and another 1960s Bedford truck to work on . ` I 'm the kind of guy who likes a challenge but I feel like the bus is done now and I want to work on something new - I 've been doing it most of my adult life . ` They drive beautifully together but the trailer is another restoration project - maybe this time for someone else . ' Mod cons : Inside the cinema is far from vintage with a full HD projector and Dolby surround sound . The vintage piece is advertised as the ` only surviving ' member of a fleet of seven and has 26 1930s-style seats - as well as a few modern tweaks . The projection kit is full HD , with a 7.1 Dolby surround sound , complemented by sound proofing fitted to ` limit external disturbances ' . There 's also climate control , delivering hot and cold air ` for the comfort of the audience ' Ollie and Emma hope that the cinema will remain in use for the people of Britain to enjoy . And although the price-tag is high , potential buyers wo n't get another opportunity to buy this piece of British history . ` It 's one of a kind , ' Emma said . ` It 's a once in a lifetime opportunity for someone . '