Virtual reality may still seem like a hobby reserved for hardcore gamers , but as headsets drop in price it is on the verge of becoming mainstream . One firm helping to fuel this trend is Immerse . It has created a virtual reality headset that works with any Android and iOS phone and is compatible with hundreds of virtual reality apps from the respective stores . It additionally lets people watch 3D movies - all for the relatively cheap price of £ 29.99 -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- . Scroll down for video . The Immerse virtual reality headset -LRB- pictured -RRB- is available from Firebox for £ 29.95 -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- . It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3D movie . The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches -LRB- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -RRB- , which means it will work with the iPhone 6 , but not the iPhone 6 Plus , for example . However , in theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements and that can run a 3D movie or virtual reality apps will work because the processing power comes entirely from the gadget . Immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses . Other features include 360 ° head tracking and an ` ultra-wide field of view ' - although the exact degree of view is n't listed . Immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift , which is expected to launch a consumer version ` soon ' with prices ranging from between $ 200 -LRB- £ 135 -RRB- and $ 400 -LRB- £ 270 -RRB- . Immerse is available to buy from Firebox and can be shipped internationally . The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches -LRB- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -RRB- , which means it will work with the iPhone 6 , but not the iPhone 6 Plus , for example . However , in theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements and can run a 3D movie , or run virtual reality apps , will work . Immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Other features include 360 ° head tracking and an ` ultra-wide field of view ' - although the exact degree of view is n't listed . The product description says : ` You 've probably seen countless videos on the internet of people wearing the much-lauded Oculus Rift , tripping out in digital worlds and generally loving life . Google offers its Cardboard headset for free by downloading the folding instructions . Or users can buy pre-folded versions from designers for around $ 24.99 -LRB- £ 16.75 -RRB- . Google also recently teamed up with Mattel to revamp the 1980s classic , the View-Master . According to Mattel , users of the device will feel like they are ` inside the scene ' . It said : ` Take a virtual field trip to Paris and sit in the shadows of the Eiffel Tower as it soars above you . Visit historic Alcatraz Island and interact with your surroundings to discover fun facts . ` Travel through time and space in ways you never thought possible . ' Elsewhere , Google recently funded a firm called Magic Leap that makes augmented reality glasses . Augmented reality differs from virtual reality because it places graphics and images on top of a view of the real world , rather than transports people to virtual worlds . ` Not only is this revolutionary device unavailable until 2016 , but you 'll probably have to sell a number of vital organs just to be able to buy it . ` Well , feast your eyes on -LRB- and indeed , in -RRB- the Immerse Virtual Reality Headset - a new and affordable foray into the breathtaking world of virtual reality . ' Immerse is the latest attempt to introduce virtual reality to the masses , which has seen a surge recently with the launch of Samsung 's Gear VR range and similar announcements from Sony and HTC . Samsung 's version is available now with prices starting at £ 169 in the UK and $ 199 in the US for the Innovation headset . However , it is tied to Samsung phones . Sony 's Morpheus headset is expected to launch in 2016 but prices have not yet been announced . And HTC 's Vive full-body virtual reality system will be available to developers this summer . Alternatively Google offers its Google Cardboard headset for free by downloading the folding instructions . Or users can buy pre-folded versions from designers for around $ 24.99 -LRB- £ 16.75 -RRB- . Google also recently teamed up with Mattel to revamp the 1980s classic toy , the View-Master . According to Mattel , users of the device will feel like they are ` inside the scene ' . Elsewhere , Google recently funded a firm called Magic Leap that makes augmented reality glasses . Augmented reality differs from virtual reality because it places graphics and images on top of a view of the real world , rather than transports people to virtual worlds . Immerse is the latest attempt to introduce virtual reality to the masses , which has seen an surge recently with the launch of Samsung 's Gear VR range -LRB- illustrated -RRB- and similar announcements from Sony and HTC . Samsung 's version is available from £ 169 in the UK and $ 199 in the US , buy it is tied to Samsung phones . Sony 's Morpheus headset -LRB- picutred -RRB- is expected to launch in 2016 but prices have not yet been announced . Michael Abrash , chief scientist from Facebook-owned virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- experts Oculus said at the firm 's annual F8 conference in San Francisco said The Matrix provides the best sense of what virtual reality could someday be like . He said our brain never sees the real world , but instead infers it based on the ` sparse ' data it receives and used a series of optical illusions to make this point . For example , he explained that humans only have three colour sensors , we ca n't see infrared or ultraviolet and we have a blind spot in each eye . ` Our visual data is actually astonishingly sparse and even if we were able to accurately record and process every photon that reaches our eyes , we 'd still have too little data to be able to reconstruct the world accurately , ' he said . He used the recent black and blue/white and gold dress as an example . ` Our visual system takes its best guess and sends that to the conscious mind , ' he continued . ` The way that the brain compensates for the limited data it receives is by maintaining a model of the real world that it constantly updates as new data comes in . Google offers its Google Cardboard headset -LRB- pictured -RRB- for free by downloading the folding instructions . Or users can buy pre-folded versions from designers for around $ 24.99 -LRB- £ 16.75 -RRB- . Michael Abrash , chief scientist from Oculus recently used this image to show how vision is simply our perception of the world , but is n't realty . The pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . ` And it is that model , not the real world , that you experience and trust implicitly . We are inference machines , not objective observers . He then showed a red and blue pill on hands that were shown on a yellow background to give an example of how this inference model breaks down . The colours of the pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . And even when a person knows that the pills are grey , they still see them as red or blue . ` Your visual system is n't interested in whether the photons coming from a tile on a random image are red or blue or grey , ' Mr Abrash continued . ` Knowing that did n't keep anyone from being eaten by lions on the Savannah . What it is interested in is identifying potentially relevant features , in the real world , under a variety of conditions . ` Your visual system constantly corrects for the colours in the scene . It is reverse engineering reality rather than just recording it . The colours seen are your brain 's `` best guess . ''