Decisions , decisions . A North Carolina student who was accepted into all eight Ivy League schools will have to make a tough choice and decide where he wants to attend college in the fall . Victor Agbafe , a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington , also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well . The 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all . Victor Agbafe , 17 -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington , North Carolina . On one of his Facebook pages , Agbafe describes himself as a ` passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' Agbafe hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day . Agbafe , who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics , called his acceptance achievement an ` amazing opportunity ' , WSOC reported . He hopes to become a neurosurgeon . On Facebook , Agbafe describes himself as a ` passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' . He credits his mother , a Nigerian immigrant and physician , for setting a good example for him , according toWECT . Dorothy Agbafe-Mosley said : ` For God to crown his effort with success is just something that is just beyond me . ` I am very happy that he has all these choices to make . ` But then it also makes it difficult because it 's a lot of good schools . ` A lot of good schools . ' Her son will make a decision later this month after visiting at many campuses as possible . Another high school student , Harold Ekeh of Long Island , was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools . Ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and CEO of the Model UN . He moved from moved from Nigeria to Long Island at the age of eight , got a 2270 on his SATs and also has plans to be a neurosurgeon so he can find an Alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother . Harold Ekeh of Long Island was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools and wants to be a neurosurgeon . Ekeh told DailyMail.com : ` It was crazy . My mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter . ' He is leaning toward Yale but has until May 1 to decide . The eight Ivy League schools are Yale , Harvard , Brown , Columbia , Cornell , Dartmouth , Pennsylvania and Princeton .