As Kate and William prepare for the arrival of the second child , the British public are keeping their fingers crossed that they will opt for a traditional name . A new poll has revealed that Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl . According to the YouGov survey for the Sunday Times , 12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after William 's mother - Diana the Princess of Wales . Kate and William leaving the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in London , with their newborn son , Prince George in 2013 . Brits are hoping for a baby princess this time and favour the name Diana . Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference , getting nine per cent of the vote each . Alice is the name of the Queen 's aunt , who passed away in 2004 aged 102 , while Charlotte is favoured as a nod to William 's father Charles . According to the newspaper , if the child is a boy then 13 per cent of people would like him to be called James , with the second favourite name being Alexander . Many people are hoping for a girl though - of the 2,200 people polled , a quarter said they wanted the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to have a female baby , with only three percent hoping for a younger brother for George . Diana is the favourite name for the second royal baby , name after Williams mother - the late Princess Of Wales . The choices were echoed on social media today , with many Twitter users claiming they would be delighted if Kate and William decided to name the baby after his mother . One user called Danielle O'Donoghue wrote : ` If Kate Middleton has a baby girl and does n't name her Diana I 'll be so upset . Another said : ` If the new royal baby is a girl and is called Diana , either first name or middle name . I will be 90 % more emotional . ' The poll also revealed that the majority of Brits are backing William 's decision to take six weeks paternity leave form his pilot job , with 68 per cent of people giving the move a thumbs up .