Lawyers for jailed millionaire Robert Durst say he wants authorities to return more than $ 161,000 in cash taken after the real estate heir was arrested for murder . The attorneys say Durst , 72 , got the money , now held by New Orleans police , legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings . Durst was arrested at the JW Marriott hotel in New Orleans on a Los Angeles County warrant that accused him of killing his friend Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 . Scroll down for video . Murder suspect Robert Durst and his lawyers have asked for the return of $ 161,000 taken during his arrest in March . Above , the suspect leaves an arraignment in New Orleans on April 14 . Authorities who arrested Durst in mid-March found $ 44,000 , marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room in New Orleans . They also found maps of Florida and Cuba , leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run . His lawyers say the arrest in mid-March was timed to mesh with the finale of The Jinx , HBO 's six-part series about Durst , his wife 's disappearance , Berman 's death , and the death and dismemberment of Durst 's neighbor Morris Black in 2001 . Authorities found more than $ 44,000 in Durst 's hotel room , according to legal papers filed Wednesday . After his arrest , they intercepted a package containing personal items and $ 117,000 that was sent to the hotel for Everette Ward -- the name Durst used to register there . During a hearing last month , a prosecutor said the package of $ 100 bills , a head-and-chest latex mask and a map folded to show Louisiana , Florida and Cuba were evidence that Durst was likely to flee if bond was set for him . Durst -LRB- right -RRB- was arrested for the murder of his friend and writer Susan Berman -LRB- left -RRB- in 2000 , which some believe he may have committed to stop her from talking to authorities about the disappearance of his wife . Durst , the heir to a vast real estate fortune before becoming estranged from his family , is also connected to the 1982 disappearance of his first wife Kathy McCormack -LRB- left , with Durst -RRB- and the killing of Morris Black -LRB- right -RRB- . They believe he had been gathering cash for life on the run . Durst is being held without bond on the California murder warrant and on state and federal weapons charges in Louisiana for the loaded revolver that was found in his hotel room . Investigators also found five ounces of marijuana in the room . Durst 's attorneys also are making a second attempt to get the FBI agents and state trooper who arrested Durst to testify in state court . A statement filed with the court on Wednesday shows that a private investigator delivered subpoenas Monday to Agents Crystal Bender and William C. Williams and to Trooper Saunders Craine . Durst has been in custody since his mid-March arrest -LRB- pictured -RRB- and is facing federal and Louisiana state gun charges before extradition to California . The millionaire 's defense team is being led by Houston litigator Dick DeGuerin -LRB- in cowboy hat -RRB- who says that his client wants to return to California to face the Berman murder charge . Federal prosecutors moved earlier subpoenas , which ordered them to testify before a Criminal District Court magistrate , to federal court . The new subpoenas call for them to testify before Judge Franz Zibilich , according to the statement . Durst 's attorneys did not immediately respond to an email asking whether they expect prosecutors to move the new subpoenas , what Durst plans to do with the money if he gets it back , and the total of his legal bills so far . US Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Anna Christman said she could not comment about the subpoenas .