Young job seekers are filling in application forms using ` txt spk ' - text speak - instead of proper words , prompting one of Britain 's biggest companies to hit out at falling standards . Insurance giant Admiral said many youngsters addicted to their mobile phones lose out at the very beginning of looking for work - because they failed to string a normal sentence together . Forms saying : ` U r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ` Btw am out of work atm ' are examples hitting their job chances . Young job seekers fill forms with text speak such as ` U r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ` Btw am out of work atm ' The Cardiff-based insurer with more than 5,000 staff voiced their fears in evidence to the Welsh Assembly 's Enterprise and Business Committee that many youngsters failed at the application form stage . An Admiral spokesperson said : ` We do not ask for any formal qualifications , but we expect the spelling and grammar on the application form to be of a certain standard . ` A lot of it is like text-speak , there is no punctuation or upper case . So , that is the first impression that you get . ' The committee called on the experience of Admiral , one of the UK 's biggest car insurance providers employing more than 5,000 people . Its report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities . It also said youngsters are leaving school without English and Maths skills - and that their inability to manage money led to many of them overestimating the costs involved in taking a job . William Graham -LRB- left -RRB- , Conservative Welsh Assembley member , said young people were facing a number of factors as they enter the workforce . Cardiff-based car insurer admiral -LRB- left -RRB- employs over 5,000 people . Monmouthshire Youth service , which also offered its findings , said able students were leaving education with very little idea of how to construct a CV or how to deal with potential employers , WalesOnline reported . The committee 's final report concluded too many school and college leavers were confused about finding and then applying for appropriate jobs on offer . The drift from personal , face to face careers advice to online-based information was also a barrier for some young job seekers the Welsh Assembly committee noted . The report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities . The body also found after consulting with local councils , charities , employers and training providers that academic study was often misdirected given the employment opportunities on offer . In 2014 just 0.3 percent of school leavers in Cardiff went on to vocational training as opposed to 87 percent going on to further education . Where young people were leaving school without essential numeracy and literacy skills , this was leading to a lack of confidence after education , the committee found . William Graham , Conservative AM for South Wales East , said : ` There are a number of factors that young people face as they try to enter the workforce , such as a lack of confidence , lack of qualifications and lack of experience . ' The Welsh National Assembly -LRB- pictured -RRB- consulted with councils , charities and others to create the report .