At long last , there 's been a Scooby sighting in Iowa . Hillary Clinton 's now-famous Mystery Mobile , an oversized , armored Chevy van , stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from New York to the American midwest . Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire , Iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea . And at Tuesday 's stop people actually recognized her . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . And she 's off : Hillary Clinton gets ready to board the armored Chevy van which she is using to tour Iowa . MYSTERY MACHINE : Hillary Clinton 's Secret Service-approved campaign van , nicknamed ` Scooby , ' was photographed outside Jones Street Java House during a campaign visit on April 14 in Le Claire , Iowa . ORDINARY AMERICANS : Clinton sipped alongside Le Claire residents before heading to the town of Monticello for an education roundtable at Kirkwood Community College . Clinton talked with a panel of six at Kirkwood Community College on Tuesday in the school 's auto-technology shop . ROAD TRIP : Clinton 's black van started at her palatial Chappaqua , New York home and reached Monticello , Iowa as of Tuesday afternoon . Clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues , student loans and income inequality . Hillary and top aide Huma Abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle on Monday in the Toledo suburb of Maumee and left without being engaged by anyone other than a cashier . Campaign operatives later phoned the New York Times , according to a journalist familiar with the chain of events , so reporters would know she had been there . A Times reporter later persuaded the restaurant 's manager to send her photographs of his security-camera footage . Clinton ordered a chicken bowl with guacamole , a chicken salad and a fruit juice . The manager , Charles Wright , told Daily Mail Online that ` it 's true nobody recognized her . ' ` When the reporters started to call , I went back to the security footage , and there she was , ' Wright said . ` The sunglasses probably made her harder to spot . ' ` But it 's not like there was anything special going on . She just stood in line like everyone else . I hope she stopped at Chipotle locations all the way from New York to wherever she 's headed . ' The ` Scooby ' van , named as an homage to the Scooby-Doo cartoon and its ` Mystery Machine ' vehicle , is an upgraded Chevrolet 1500 . Hillary Clinton takes a moment out of campaigning to speak with three-year-old Kate Boens in Le Caire , Iowa . Hillary Clinton stopped for a picture with William Boens , 5 -LRB- left -RRB- , Olivia VonDracek , 5 , Kate Boens , 3 and Journey Peterson , 5 . Meet and greet : Hillary shakes hands with residents in Le Claire , Iowa , while on the campaign trail . ` ALL HAIL THE QUEEN ' : Joey Gallagher of Iowa City , Iowa shouted as he staged a protest outside Kirkwood Community College on April 14 , 2015 . Iowa City resident Matthew Evans scratched out his ` Stand w / Rand ' sign in favor of an anti-Hillary slogan as Mrs. Clinton was set to arrive for her first official presidential campaign event . THIS MANY PEOPLE KNEW ME ! No one in an Ohio Chipotle restaurant recognized Clinton on Monday when she and aide Huma Abedin stopped for lunch . At Kirkwood Community College in Monticello , Iowa , supporters turned out in force to see Hillary , with one activist telling Mail Online ` we 're here to see the queen ' You go girl : Two senior voters turned out to show their support for Hillary with this homemade sign . In Monticello , Kirkwood Community College became a carnival bazaar as reporters staked out the building awaiting Mrs. Clinton . Two protesters , possibly the first of her nascent campaign , held signs complaining that she was a friend of Wall Street and cast a U.S. Senate vote to support the Iraq war . ` All hail the queen ! ' shouted Iowa City resident Joey Gallagher , one of the pair . As journalists passed by , he carefully scribbled on the back of his sign to cover up a ` Stand With Rand ' campaign slogan . Hillary Clinton visits a gift shop in Le Claire with mayor Bob Scannell -LRB- left -RRB- while out campaigning today . Hillary Clinton outside the Jones Street Java House in Le Claire earlier today as she gets her presidential nomination campaign underway . Before visiting Le Claire , Hillary help a roundtable discussion with students at Kirkwood Community College . Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican senator , launched his own presidential campaign earlier this month in Louisville . But Matthew Evans , the second protester , insisted that ` we 're not here with anybody . ' ` We 're here to see the queen . ' As Clinton 's van pulled into the Kirkwood parking lot - trailed at a short distance by a black Humvee - Evans waved a sign and repeatedly shouted , ` Give the Saudi money back ! ' Clinton nicknamed her campaign van ` Scooby ' in honor of the popular television show Scooby Doo , in which a gang of teenagers drive around a van and solve mysteries . Hillary Clinton 's custom van is Chevrolet Express Explorer Limited SE , ` a kind of full-size living room on wheels , ' according to Yahoo News . It sports a 6-liter V-8 engine and a six-speed automatic transmission , more than enough horsepower for a Secret Service driver to outrun most any ne-er-do-well . Yahoo reports that the vehicle was produced with all union labor and made in the USA , as any UAW-friendly Democrat would have to ensure . Among other enhancements , Clinton 's private ride is armor plated . Armor is usually placed underneath the original exterior of the vehicle . She said in a 2014 speech that it had been nearly two decades since she had driven a car , however , making it likely that she 's being chauffeured around the midwest this week . That 's a reference to the millions of dollars the Saudi Arabian government donated to the Clinton Foundation while Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state . Republicans cite it as one of many examples of the Clinton family philanthropy pocketing money from countries seeking special dispensation from the State Department during her tenure . The foundation now bears her name , along with those of former president Bill Clinton and their daughter Chelsea . As morning turned to afternoon in Monticello , smoke billowed on the horizon and reporters asked the locals what was burning . The likely culprit , a controlled leaf-burning . But Joe Murphy , who said he was part of the audio crew for Clinton 's visit , told Daily Mail Online that ` Hillary might have crashed her Mystery Machine . ' ` I should shut up , ' he added . On Monday Daily Mail Online spoke with Kirkwood students anticipating Clinton 's arrival . One , Corey Jones , said he was chosen to ask her a question , and would focus on illegal immigration . ` You know , Obama 's plan was to make the illegal immigrants legal , ' said Jones . ` She 's part of all that . And some people think -- well , I think maybe -- it 's just a tactic to have more Democratic votes ' from millions of grateful new citizens . While inside the school , according to administrators , Clinton will tour the Advance Manufacturing Lab and see the Auto Technology Lab . Then she is scheduled to sit with a hand-picked group of students and faculty to take questions in a roundtable format . At Casey 's General Store in Monticello , cashier Kathy Rigby said she was open to hearing what Hillary has to say . ` I think the whole government sucks . They need to stop running my life . It 's everything , including my health care . Especially my health care . ' ` But if Hillary comes , I 'd go listen to her . I would n't vote for anyone I have n't heard from . ' INCOGNITO : Hillary Clinton -LRB- center -RRB- and Huma Abedin -LRB- behind her -RRB- were spotted -- only by a security camera -- lunching on Monday at Chipotle in Maumee , Ohio . LISTENING : Clinton 's coffee shop visit is part of an effort to make her appear more personable as she chats with ordinary Iowans in living rooms and at small businesses . MEDIA CIRCUS : Satellite trucks were on the scene in the early morning as a crush of journalists gathered to see Clinton arrive in the ` Scooby ' van .