A puppy tends to be a beloved addition to any family , but for a family supporting a child with autism an Assistance Dog can make a crucial difference to their happiness and stability . April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ` animal therapy ' . It turns out man 's best friend are actually ` kid 's best friend ' , with pups changing the lives of many children with autism who may otherwise struggle to talk , communicate , walk or socialise . An ` Autism Assistance Dog ' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships . The term ` Autism Spectrum Disorders ' -LRB- ASD -RRB- is an umbrella term that includes Autistic disorder ; Asperger 's and Atypical Autism . April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and people may be oblivious that man 's best friend are actually ` kid 's best friend ' , with pups changing the lives of many children with autism -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . Children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and non-verbal communication skills may be badly affected . They can struggle to cope with change and unfamiliar environments and routines . ` The Autism Assistance Dog -LRB- AAD -RRB- Program is designed to improve the quality of life for both the child with autism and his or her family through three key areas : safety , independence and inclusion , ' according to GuideDogs SA . Every child is unique meaning matching the right dog to their need 's and their family is crucial . The dog can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ` brightness ' to the household . It has been reported by families participating in the Austism Assistance Dog Program that the companion can also foster positive interactions between siblings , encouraging play . The highly trained , specialised working dogs are licenced to accompany the child in essentially any location . ` An Austism Assistance Dog -LRB- AAD -RRB- has the same legal rights of access as a Guide or Hearing Dog . It is clearly identified by a coat which has securing points and a handle that the child can hold if appropriate or required , ' according to GuideDogs SA . ` The purpose of the coat is to bring awareness to the special circumstances regarding the dog . This also increases the ease of access to public places by differentiating the status of an AAD from that of a pet . ' The dog can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ` brightness ' to the household -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . It can make family outings or even a quick trip to the shops possible where a child with autism may have struggled before . It can also give parents peace of mind as they know their child is being looked out for by a dog which has been specially trained to help their master avoid harm 's way . The comfort of having their furry pooch by their side can offer a sense of stability for the child and be a calming presence on all members of the family . Children with autism ` have a high tendency to ` bolt ' when they feel anxious or stressed . This is made even more alarming as they are often far less aware of danger and may not respond to direction . This can be a great challenge , requiring constant observance from their carer to ensure the child remains safe . ` On outings , the child 's safety is enhanced by being connected to a coat on the dog 's body , through a safety belt around the child 's waist , ' explained Guide Dogs SA . ` The parent has control of the dog through their own lead and will apply vocal commands to the dog . The child is encouraged to walk beside the dog but if they do choose to run off on their own , the dog is specially trained to quickly and calmly take control of the situation . ` The dog is trained to resist by sitting or lying down , acting as an `` anchor '' , ' GuideDogs SA explains . ` This gives the parent time to intervene and diffuse the situation . ' However , the importance of this lesson is that , through the repetition , children 's attempts to bolt are often reduced or completely eradicated . ` These dogs are a friend when you need one any hour of the day , every day of the year . ` They are also skilled for a few select tasks if you happen to need a hand ... or a paw ! '