This is the brilliant young honors student who was brutalized by Mad Men star Jon Hamm in a sadistic fraternity hazing ritual . Seen here for the first time , Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle , dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . Golden Globe winner Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin . The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney . Scroll down for video . Hazing hell : Today Mark Sanders is a doctor and lawyer in Fort Worth Texas . But after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the University of Texas at Austin and pledged the Sigma Nu fraternity . That 's when he met John Hamm and his hazing hell began . Football hero : Jon Hamm the year he graduated from John Burroughs School in Ladue , Missouri and one year before his admission to University of Texas at Austin . Partners : Jon Hamm and Jennifer Westfeldt attended the `` Girls '' season four series premiere after party at The Museum of Natural History on January 5 , 2015 in New York City . Sanders subsequently withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter being disbanded . Hamm , a sophomore , was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993 , long before he became one of America 's most recognizable actors playing boozy advertising exec Don Draper . An assault charge was dismissed , however , and he completed a period of probation instead of receiving a conviction for hazing . Our exclusive photos show Sanders in his senior year at Richland High School in North Richland Hills , Texas where he excelled in his studies , played for the basketball team and was treasurer of the school council . Despite his ordeal at UT he was able to resume his education at Texas Christian University , before going to further institutions to study both law and medicine . The 45-year-old lives now with his wife Anada , 41 , and their two children in Fort Worth , where he works both as a doctor and an attorney specializing in medical malpractice and personal injury . He has declined to speak publicly about his ordeal but the harrowing details are laid bare in court documents dating back more than two decades . In a 1991 interview transcript obtained by Daily Mail Online , Sanders tells investigators with the Travis County 's Attorney 's Office how he suffered ` repeated beatings and assaults ' at the hands of Sigma Nu ` actives ' . He also alleged that he and his fellow pledges were subjected to ` repeated confinements ' in a series of tiny compartments carved into the frat building 's foundations - including ` the pit ' , ` the hole ' and ` the grave ' . Sanders listed Hamm as one of his chief tormentors , recalling how the future star ordered him to recite a six-page list of phrases pledges are told to memorize called the ` bulls *** list ' When Sanders forgot the last of Hamm 's nicknames , which included MC Hammer and Young Bobby , he recalled how Hamm got `` mad , I mean really mad ' Sanders told officials the worst of the hazing happened in the early hours of November 10 , 1990 when he was summoned to the house and warned by Hamm : ` It 's going to be a long night . ' The junior was then allegedly subjected to two hours of brutal physical attacks as part of his fiery baptism into the fraternity . Mark Sanders in his 1988 high school yearbook from Richland High School in North Richland Hills . He listed Hamm as one of his chief tormentors , recalling how the future star ordered him to recite a six-page list of phrases pledges are told to memorize called the ` bulls *** list ' . When he forgot the last of Hamm 's nicknames , which included MC Hammer and Young Bobby , he recalled how Hamm got `` mad , I mean really mad ' . Hamm and his frat cohorts ' retribution was to spank Sanders repeatedly with a paddle . ` I 'm hurting bad , I mean being hit right where the kidney is , it 's killing me , ' Sanders told his interviewers . Hamm and another fraternity member then lifted Sanders up by his underwear , pulling it back and forth in a sawing motion . ` I do n't know how far underwear stretches , I do n't know how far I was off the ground , ' he recalled . ` I was hurting really bad and I remember I was looking up at the ceiling and I was gritting my teeth and squinting my eyes ... it was sawing and it was hurting . ' Sanders told investigators how Hamm then led him to ` the pit ' where he ordered him to do press-ups and pushed his face into the ground . The distraught pledge felt someone , possibly Hamm , standing on his back . Hamm is then supposed to have set fire to Sanders ' pants and refused to let him pat the flames down , instead making him blow them out . Finally he was led upstairs to the ` party room ' when Hamm hooked the claw of a hammer underneath his testicles and pulled him around the room ` for at least a minute ' . Suave Don Draper has had to his own dark past on the hit show Mad Men . But for Jon Hamm , ` The hazing incident was an isolated incident , ' said a friend . Despite his ordeal , Sanders was able to resume his education at Texas Christian University , before going to further institutions to study both law and medicine . The 45-year-old lives now with his wife in Fort Worth , where he works both as a doctor and an attorney specializing in medical malpractice and personal injury . In the wake of the hazing , Sanders fled to a friend 's room to escape further brutality before eventually showing his bruises to fellow students . He later claimed to have suffered nerve damage to his ribs , kidney spasms and a lineal spinal fracture . Sanders ' horrified mother Margaret reported it to UT authorities , triggering a police investigation and prompting the fraternity to permanently close its UT chapter . University records show Hamm , now aged 44 , left the college at the end of the semester without a degree and returned to his hometown in Missouri . Sanders later launched a lawsuit against Sigma Nu seeking ` unspecified actual and exemplary damages for willful and wanton misconduct ' . It was dismissed with the agreement of both parties , however , in 1993 , possibly signalling that an out-of-court settlement had been reached . That same year Hamm was arrested by the Austin Police Department but court documents show that in 1995 he received deferred adjudication , allowing him to avoid a criminal conviction by serving a period of probation . His hazing shame went unreported for two decades until Star magazine broke the story last week in the midst of the final Mad Men season airing on AMC . Hamm is yet to comment but a friend told Star : ` The hazing incident was an isolated incident in Jon 's life . Since then , he 's been strong enough to take steps to make himself a better person . ' Shame : The allegedly assault saw Hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to the pledge and beat him with a paddle . Early career : Jon Hamm is pictured here on the 1996 show The Big Date - one year after he had his arrest warrant dismissed and six years after the alleged hazing incident . Three Sigma Nu members also pleaded no contest to charges of hazing , a misdemeanor , and were ordered to serve 15 to 30 days in jail . They were subsequently allowed to complete a community service or work-release program instead . Another member was convicted of a lesser hazing violation and fined $ 500 . Sander 's attorney , Bill Whitehurst , did not return calls asking for comment . A warrant was issued for Hamm 's arrest in 1992 but the actor reached a plea deal with authorities in 1995 and the charges were dismissed . He returned home to live with his family in Missouri and the actor - who recently emerged from a 30-day stint in a rehab facility - began his acting career . A friend told Star that although shocking , ` The hazing incident was an isolated incident in Jon 's life . Since then , he 's been strong enough to take steps to make himself a better person . ' Hazing incident : Following the alleged assault of Sanders , the Sigma Nu fraternity at UT-Austin -LRB- pictured -RRB- was shut down .