Last weekend , after a sunny day in the Borders , I posted this picture of myself on Twitter with the caption ` Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' I admit , it was n't a particularly funny joke , but I had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of Scotland 's First Minister and the leader of the SNP . I was called ugly , vile , ` someone who deserves to die ' , and one wit even ` hoped I would catch malaria ' . In all , I 've probably received more than 600 insults , and two days later they 're still coming . Luckily , I 've got a thick skin , but whatever happened to free speech ? In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign , everything is up for debate . Scroll down for video . Janet Street-Porter posted this picture on Twitter with the caption ` Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' Both the Press and the public routinely talk about politicians in less-than-flattering terms , mocking their trendy -LRB- or spartan -RRB- kitchens , their silly casual clothes and their strange hairstyles , not to mention their attempts to eat a bacon sandwich , hug babies , cook a casual lunch or chuck a bowling ball -- all in the name of a photo opportunity . The UK is home to a rich and raucous tradition of political satire , from 19th century caricaturists such as George Cruikshank and James Gillray , to more recent cartoonists Gerald Scarfe , Ralph Steadman and those in Private Eye magazine , as well as TV series such as Spitting Image , Mock The Week and Have I Got News For You . Most of our most successful comedians sneer at the party leaders . So you might imagine that the Scots could cope with a few harmless jibes about their own First Minister . Wrong , wrong , wrong . All the pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of the seats -LRB- up to 50 -RRB- North of the Border in the General Election , crushing the Tories and trouncing Labour . They already control the majority of votes in the Scottish Assembly . Could this surge of nationalism mean that Scotland is in danger of becoming another North Korea , a land where the ` dear leader ' is sacrosanct , a figure on a pedestal , to be worshipped and admired -- but never criticised ? At the weekend , one commentator announced that ` Scotland has fallen in love with Nicola -- she is adored ' . Indeed last night Ms Sturgeon was as feisty as ever in the leaders ' debate . My goodness , you certainly could n't say that about any party leader South of the Border , or in Wales . Despite all the photo calls at factories , in schools and cafes and villages halls , poll after poll shows that the public find most British politicians ` out of touch ' . Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg have ` minus ' personal ratings , while even Ukip 's Nigel Farage , once the poster boy for the disaffected , could be in danger of losing his bid to become an MP in South Thanet . Janet Street-Porter said she had no idea of the outrage her ` light-hearted comment ' would provoke from Nicola Sturgeon 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- supporters . So how has Nicola Sturgeon become Teflon Woman , a person so perfect that a mere joke about her appearance means -LRB- according to her fans -RRB- I can no longer be considered a feminist ? According to her followers , I am a traitor to my sex , a woman less attractive than Red Rum , a sub-human who should be neutered . It 's all beginning to sound like a repressive communist state . Sadly , some SNP supporters combine commendable patriotism with a deep-seated distrust of the English -- not just the posh people from down here , but anyone born in the ` wrong ' country . I first encountered this when I made an hour-long documentary for BBC Scotland last year , looking at voting intentions in the independence referendum . I love Scotland and have spent many happy weeks walking , working and fishing there , so making this film was a real pleasure . I talked to people of all persuasions in the Borders , the Central Belt between Glasgow and Edinburgh , and in the North-East . We went to inordinate lengths to present a scrupulously balanced film -- but when it was transmitted , because I was born in England -LRB- and am actually half-Welsh -RRB- I was attacked in the Scottish Press , on Twitter and other social media for having the audacity to host a programme about ` their ' country . Utter madness . Some SNP members are so consumed with themselves that all they want is people to agree with them , and sod everyone else . They are blinkered zealots incapable of reasoned debate . During their aggressive campaign for independence -- which got the knockback by a sizeable margin , with 55 pc in favour of remaining in the UK -- the Nationalists earned a reputation for ruthlessly attacking anyone who did n't agree with them . The author J.K. Rowling was denounced as unpatriotic for daring to speak out in favour of Scotland remaining part of the UK . Dubbed the Tartan Taliban and the Cyber Nats , fanatical SNP followers use social media to ` troll ' opponents , and anyone daring to criticise their leader . When the BBC political editor Nick Robinson reported from Scotland on the referendum last year , the Nationalists took such offence to what they regarded as his biased broadcasts that hundreds of marchers took to the streets carrying a huge banner with the words ` Sack Nick `` The Liar '' Robinson , a totally corrupt journalist ' . But they do n't stop at professional attacks . When Robinson announced a few weeks ago that he had a cancerous tumour on his lung , the Cyber Nats went straight on Twitter with comments such as ` a bit of chemotherapy would do the biased Beeb man good ' . In similar vein , after a Daily Mail writer published a profile of Nicola Sturgeon in these pages recently , he was attacked relentlessly online , and called a Nazi , racist scum , a vile bigot , a misogynist , and told to f *** off back to England . Many of those abusing him had a blue Nationalist ` 45 ' logo on their Twitter feed , to represent the percentage who voted for independence last year . So what of the woman these people idolise as some great political saviour unlike any other figure in Britain today ? Janet Street-Porter -LRB- right -RRB- asks how Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- left -RRB- has become ` a person so perfect that a mere joke about her appearance means -LRB- according to her fans -RRB- I can no longer be considered a feminist ? ' Consider the facts : Ms Sturgeon , just like Ed Miliband , has spent her whole life -LRB- apart from a brief period working as a solicitor -RRB- entirely engrossed in politics . Her husband and her former boyfriends and most of her friends all work for the SNP . Yet it is Ed Miliband , not Sturgeon , who gets derided for being ` weird ' and having not experienced the real world . From 1992 onwards , she unsuccessfully stood for seat after seat in local and national elections , before eventually gaining a place in the Scottish Parliament via a quota system in 1999 . She had a total image make-over in 2004 -- hiring a stylist , changing her Krankies-style hairdo , losing weight and softening her approach . But make no mistake , she is as ruthless an operator as any other party leader . Her stated goal is Scottish independence , no matter what effect that might have on the rest of the UK , even though her party lost what was supposed to be a ` once-in-a-generation ' vote on this issue last year . When questioned on television this week , she refused to rule out a second referendum in the very near future . When it comes to dealing with the deficit and setting out an economic strategy , Cameron , Miliband and Clegg have had their plans ruthlessly dissected . Sturgeon , however , based her sums on an oil boom that has failed to materialise , which has deprived the Scottish economy of billions of pounds of expected revenue . She wants Scotland to be responsible for raising its own taxes , but when an independent think-tank , the Institute For Fiscal Studies , looked at her plans for tax and spending and said they would result in a whopping £ 7.6 billion deficit , she described their findings as ` irrelevant ' . Yes , I admire Nicola Sturgeon 's tenacity , and I applaud any woman who rises to the top in her chosen profession . I know from experience just how tough that can be . Nevertheless , we find ourselves in the unenviable position of facing an election where a party that 60 million Britons can not vote for -- the SNP -- could hold the balance of power at Westminster . It is a self-proclaimed ` progressive ' party which hypocritically accepted £ 2.5 million of donations from Brian Souter , the Stagecoach boss who does n't believe in equal rights for gays . Does that make her any different to Ed Miliband , with his much-criticised relationships with the trade unions , or David Cameron with his cronies in Big Business ? Voters in England can do nothing to stop the Sturgeon bandwagon gaining momentum -- SNP membership has tripled in the past year , and it 's now the third-largest political party in the UK . But worrying questions remain about some of her followers . By trying to stifle debate and silence any jokes -LRB- no matter how feeble -RRB- about their leader , they are beginning to look more like fanatics than political supporters .