A 17-year-old teen is so allergic to water that even sweating can cause a potentially deadly burning rash . Alexandra Allen , from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation . Alexandra Allen , 17 , from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation . The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure , reports Deseret News . Alexandra first realized she had the condition when she developed hives after spending time in a hot tub while on vacation . A person with Aquagenic Urticaria is essentially allergic to water . After coming into contact with water - or blood , sweat and tears - the sufferer develops painful , itchy hives that spread over the affected area . These can last anywhere between 10 minutes to an hour-and-a-half . Some sufferers have to lie down to let the pain subside . Investigators believe the hives are not caused by a histamine release but are the result of extreme skin sensitivity to additives in water such as chlorine . The condition is extremely rare and is thought to affect around 35 known people in the world . There is no proven treatment , but dermatologists recommend staying out of the water as much as possible . Sufferers should also take short showers , stay cool and avoid rain . Dermatologists say those with the condition can ease the burn of the hives with certain antihistamines . Then she was admitted to hospital with internal bleeding and painful joints , and unable to breathe after a trip to Flaming Gorge which has water activities . It took a while for her diagnosis to be made . When Elizabeth was about 15 she came across a medical site that discussed aquagenic urticaria - when she suggested it to her dermatologist he agreed that it was her condition . She now avoids water as much as she can . ` It 's not worth it anymore , ' Alexandra said to Deseret News . ` It 's both emotionally strenuous and physically painful . I ca n't let myself go there . ' Although sweat is dangerous , she now works against it by exercising only in cooler temperatures to keep her body from producing too much oil , sweat . It also helps as less sweating means she wo n't have to shower as she is only allowed three a week . ` It feels like your skin has been sandpapered down until there 's only one layer left and it itches , but you ca n't itch it or it will break and burn and bleed , ' she said . ` You just feel like you 've been dipped in a vat of acid , not for long , but for long enough to tear off a layer of skin . ' The condition , which can in some people trigger potentially a deadly anaphylactic shock , usually gets worse as sufferers get older . Investigators believe the hives are not caused by a histamine release but are the result of extreme skin sensitivity to additives in water such as chlorine . There is no proven treatment , but dermatologists recommend staying out of the water as much as possible . Sufferers should also take short showers , stay cool and avoid rain . Dermatologists say those with the condition can ease the burn of the hives with certain antihistamines . But Alexandra is determined not to let the condition hold her back - ` I think I 'm lucky , compared to a lot of other diseases I could have had , ' she said . ` At least this is tolerable and manageable . ' Aquagenic urticaria is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . Pictured : Two women in the UK who also suffer from the condition - and their reactions to water .