Hillary Clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the Monica Lewinsky scandal and told aides they would be fired if she was seen , it is claimed . Mrs Clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there . There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken ' , according to a new book . A new book has claimed that Hillary Clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the Monica Lewinsky scandal . The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower , a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News in ` The Residence : Inside the Private World of the White House . ' She tells how in the summer of 1998 , a few days before Mr Clinton would admit to sex with former White House intern Miss Lewinsky , usher Worthington White was approached by Mrs Clinton . She told him that she wanted to go to the pool but that only he could see her - no other aides and no Secret Service . Mr White said that he told Mrs Clinton 's lead Secret Service agent : ` If anybody sees her , or she sees anybody , I 'm going to get fired , I know it . And you probably will too ' . By the pool Mrs Clinton would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken , it is claimed . Mrs Clinton 's wish was granted and she took an elevator to the pool , spent the afternoon there and came back the same way , . Miss Brower writes that Mrs Clinton ` turned to White , took his hands and squeezed them , looked him in the eye , and thanked him . ' The book also recounts how the Clintons did not trust the old fashioned White House telephone system and felt too many people could listen in - so had it completely rewired . Miss Brower writes : ` They had all the White House phones changed over to interior circuitry so that if the first lady was in the bedroom and the president was in the study , she could ring him from room to room without going through the operator ' . Such upheaval did not go down well with staff and according to James W.F. ` Skip ' Allen , an usher from 1979 to 2004 , the Clintons were ` about the most paranoid people I 'd ever seen in my life ' . The disclosure sheds new light on the row over Mrs Clinton 's use of a private email account and her own personal server whilst Secretary of State . It could harm her chances in the race for the Presidency in 2016 - she is expected to announce her candidacy this month . A new poll has found that Mrs Clinton 's approval ratings have slipped since the scandal broke and she is two points behind former Florida governor Jeb Bush , her likely opponent . Bill Clinton admitted in the summer of 1998 that he was having sex with former White House intern Miss Lewinsky -LRB- pictured -RRB- .