An Ohio police officer has been praised for not firing at an armed double murder suspect as he charged at him during a terrifying incident caught on a bodycam . Former Marine Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend , in New Richmond on Thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot . The 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards Kidder , asking him to shoot . The officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try ` suicide by cop ' . Former Marine Jesse Kidder -LRB- right -RRB- has been praised for ` restraint and maturity ' after he refused not to use deadly force against an armed double murder suspect . He had only been on his Ohio police force a year . Terrifying bodycam footage shows Kidder aiming at Michael Wilcox , 27 , following a police chase . Wilcox , accused of gunning down two people , was also armed . At one point Wilcox said : ` Shoot me or I 'll shoot you ' , but the Purple Heart winner refuses and responds by saying : ` I do n't want to . ' Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched as backup arrived , allowing Kidder 's partner to handcuff him . The footage shows Kidder 's gun aiming at Wilcox throughout the encounter . The officer told Cincinnati 's WLWT : ` I was trying to open a dialogue with him . ` I do n't want to shoot you , get on the ground , ' but he was n't having it . ` He got towards my face right as I lost balance . I 'm thinking , at this point , that if he goes into attack me , that I 'll have to use deadly force to defend myself . ' Despite the tense confrontation , which could have quickly turned deadly , Kidder said he had to make sure his decision was correct . ` Law enforcement officers all across the nation have to deal with split-second decisions that mean life or death . I wanted to be absolutely sure before I used deadly force . ' After the clip surfaced , Richmond Police Chief Randy Harvey , led the response for the cop 's actions . ` For him to make the judgment call that he did shows great restraint and maturity , ' he said . Wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend , ran at Kidder -LRB- right -RRB- and asked the rookie to shoot him in New Richmond on Thursday . He has since been arrested and is being held on a $ 2m bond -LRB- mugshot left -RRB- . ` This video footage , it eliminated all doubt that this officer would have been justified if in fact it came to a shooting . ' Kidder , who did two tours of duty in Iraq , also revealed that a member of his family gave him the body cam after Michael Brown was shot dead by Darren Wilson in Ferguson last August . Harvey is now fundraising so all his cops can wear the devices . Wilcox was being held on Saturday on a $ 2m bond . Kidder 's actions come in the midst of controversy and protests around the country over police officers shooting suspects dead . As Wilcox gets closer , Kidder refuses to shoot him , despite the suspect 's attempt to try suicide by cop . Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched as backup arrived , allowing Kidder 's partner to handcuff him .