Stephanie Scott has been remembered as a ` beautiful friend ' who brought laughter to her loved ones , in a touching funeral service on Wednesday . Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens , just outside Eugowra in NSW 's central west , to pay their respects to the beloved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday , just days before her wedding . Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley , who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt , her mother Merrilyn , father Robert , and her siblings . Scroll down for video . Stephanie Scott 's fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was sitting between Ms Scott 's parents Merrilyn and Robert , wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt . The teacher 's mother and father are pictured here , remembering their daughter 's life and how much laughter she had brought to them . Hundreds of yellow balloons were released by those attending Stephanie Scott 's funeral in central-west NSW on Wednesday . The funeral for the murdered Leeton school teacher was held in Eugowra , where hundreds gathered to farewell the teacher . Her sister , Kim , shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was . ` Steph never cared what anyone thought of her , ' Kim said . ` She had an easy way about her that meant she could get along with anyone . ' Leeton Shire Mayor Paul Maytom said Ms Scott 's mother spoke about her daughter 's life and what a big part of the family she was . ` She brought laughter to the family -LSB- by playing tricks and telling jokes -RSB- , ' he said . One of the beloved teacher 's students , Leeton High School vice captain Grace Green , said Ms Scott - an English and Drama teacher - was an inspiration to her students . Grace , who had been taught by the 26-year-old since Year 8 , said she enjoyed her excursions with her teacher , remembering ` fish and chips at Circular Quay ' fondly . Ms Scott 's fiance , Aaron Leeson-Woolley -LRB- pictured -RRB- later took his place as pall bearer . Friends and family wore a touch of yellow to remember Ms Scott , here parents are awaiting the pall bearers . Ms Scott 's coffin was carried to the hearse before it pulled away from the venue she was supposed to get married at . Police escorted the young teacher as her casket left the venue . ` Ms Scott always knew how to brighten a day , ' she said . The ceremony ended with mourners releasing hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as the song ` Home ' by Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros played . Ms Scott 's fiance , Aaron Leeson-Woolley , appeared visibly distressed as he took his place as pall bearer . A piano version of Train 's ` Hey Soul Sister ' added to the sombre moment her casket was carried away from the service . Other songs played were The Killers ' ` Be Still ' and Keith Urban 's ` Making Memories of Us ' . Mourners filled the white chairs put out for the outdoor funeral service at Eat Your Greens , where the bride-to-be was meant to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley just days after she was went missing . In front of the hundreds of people who will paid their respects to Ms Scott , who disappeared on Easter Sunday , her white casket stood covered in colourful flowers , including yellow - which has become a sign of mourning for the teacher across New South Wales ' central west . Her white casket stood covered in colourful flowers , in front of chairs soon to be filled with hundreds of mourners . A window memorial for Stephanie Scott invited passers by to add a tribute via post-it notes in the street of Canowindra . Publican Peter Hodge of the Central Hotel , Eugowra bows his head in respect as the hearse carrying Ms Scott turns into the Escort Way while he was adorning the street signs with yellow ribbon . Guests were handed a book on arrival filled with dozens of photographs showing the life and times of the vibrant young woman . Giving insight into the life of the Leeton teacher , the handbook feature photographs from Ms Scott 's childhood , shows her blowing out the candles on a birthday cake during her teen years , and posing with fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley later in her life . Earlier in the day and just down the road from the venue , people in Eugowra and Canowindra painted the town the same colour as a sign of respect for the beloved teacher . Yellow balloons and streamers , along with messages written on yellow paper , decorated the streets . On a shop front window , locals and strangers have penned tributes on yellow post-it notes which were arranged in the shape of a heart , encircling a photo of Ms Scott . Ahead of her funeral the family of the man accused of Ms Scott 's murder offered their condolences to the teacher 's family , friends and fiance . Vincent Stanford , 24 , a cleaner at the Leeton school where Ms Scott worked , has been charged with her murder and will appear in court in June . Mourners have covered the town in yellow , a colour which has become synonymous with Ms Scott in NSW 's central-west . Memorials are visible all over the regional town , and most businesses shut down for the afternoon in honour of Ms Scott . Ms Scott 's friend Katrina Slattery remembered the teacher as a ` lovely , lovely person ' and a ` beautiful friend ' Friend Katrina Slattery , 41 , who joined the hundreds of mourners on Tuesday , said the teacher would be terribly missed . Ms Scott had lived in Canowindra , from where Ms Slattery also hailed , before she moved to teach at Leeton High School . ` She was a lovely , lovely person . She was a beautiful friend , ' Ms Slattery told Daily Mail Australia . ` It 's wrecked everyone in Canowindra . They 're all feeling the loss . ` There 's not a bad word said against her . '