She typically commands attention . But on Tuesday , Kim Kardashian was cropped out of a photo for what may be the first time ever . The 34-year-old reality TV star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the Holy Land alongside her husband , rapper Kanye West , 37 , and Jerusalem 's mayor , Nir Barkat , on Monday . Following the outing , Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page , writing that he had joined Kanye and Kim ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city . ' However , the next day , only Kanye and Mr Barkat were pictured in the photo , reprinted in an article on the ultra-Orthodox news site , Hakikar . Kim , meanwhile , was obscured by a copy of the $ 692 bill . Scroll down for video . Cropped out : On Tuesday , Kim Kardashian was removed from this photo of her dining at a non-kosher venue with her husband , Kanye West , and Jerusalem 's mayor , Nir Barkat , by the ultra-Orthodox news site , Hakikar . Original : In the original photo -LRB- pictured -RRB- , posted to Mr Barkat 's Twitter feed , Kim can be seen chatting with the mayor and Kanye . However , in the altered pictured , her face and body were obscured by a copy of the $ 692 bill . And in another photo , the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star - who was captured sitting at the dinner table , with one hand touching her glossy brunette locks - was reportedly blurred out , . The article itself - which condemned Mr Barkat for dining at a non-kosher venue and for the pricey bill -LRB- including tip -RRB- - referred to Kim as ` the wife ' of singer Kanye , the Washington Post reported . Ultra-conservative Jewish news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature - and have cropped other famous females out of photos in the past . Kim and Kanye were visiting the Israeli capital on Monday with their 22-month-old daughter , North , and Kim 's sister , Khloe , in order to baptize their little girl at the site of Jesus Christ 's crucifixion . Although they were perhaps not portrayed favorably in the Hakikar article - which was headlined ` Barkat hosts famous couple in non-kosher restaurant ' - not all of the press shared the same view . Other photographers enthusiastically followed reality TV 's first family as they visited Jerusalem 's Old City - the reputed location of Jesus 's death - to go to the Armenian church , St James Cathedral . Blurred out : In another photo -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star - who was captured sitting at the dinner table in Jerusalem . with one hand touching her glossy brunette locks - was reportedly blurred out . Celebratory meal : The article itself - which condemned Mr Barkat for dining at a non-kosher venue and for the pricey bill -LRB- including tip -RRB- - referred to Kim as ` the wife ' of singer Kanye . Above , Mr Barkat 's initial tweet . Clearly overwhelmed and honored by the pilgrimage , Kim took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building , revealing the family had had an early start to visit the site . ` Good morning Jerusalem ! We woke up really early to see the site where the crucifixion of Jesus Christ took place , ' she wrote . The image showed the ornate interior of the 12th century church . A second shot posted on the star 's Instagram page showed herself and Kanye crouching under the statue of Jesus Christ on the crucifix . But as it was heavily filtered , the couple were hard to see . The centuries-old church in the Holy Land was the location of choice for the Kardashian-Wests for the baptism of their toddler daughter . And as they approached the building , they fended off fans . Archbishop Aris Shirvanian , an Armenian church official who appeared slightly perplexed by all the commotion over the high-profile couple , revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . Baptisim : Kim and Kanye were visiting the Israeli capital on Monday with their 22-month-old daughter , North -LRB- seen with Kim -RRB- , and Kim 's sister , Khloe , in order to baptize their girl at the site of Jesus Christ 's crucifixion . Interior : Clearly overwhelmed and honored by the pilgrimage , Kim took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building -LRB- pictured -RRB- , revealing the family had had an early start to visit the site . Heavily filetered : One shot -LRB- pictured -RRB- posted on the star 's Instagram page showed her and Kanye crouching under the statue of Jesus Christ on the crucifix . But as it was heavily filtered , the couple were hard to see . ` Kim Kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church , ' Shirvanian said , adding : ` All I know is that she 's a famous personality . ' A source told E! that Khloe , who attended the ceremony in sneakers and ripped jeans , is North 's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather -LRB- which is an option where there is n't one -RRB- . The insider described the ceremony as ` so special ' . North was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . Kim opted for a striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals . Afterwards , the family dined with Mr Barkat at Mona Restaurant . Members of the family had touched down Monday in the Holy Land via private jet for what was described as a private two-day visit . Hakikar 's decision to obscure Kim is not the first in the world of ultra-Orthodox newspapers . Holy trip : Kim and her husband , who is holding North , walk inside Armenian St James Cathedral in Jerusalem . Ceremony : The centuries-old church in the Holy Land was the location of choice for the Kardashian-Wests for the baptism of their toddler daughter . And as they approached the building , they fended off fans . Famous : The family walk on the grounds of the Cathedral of Saint James in Jerusalem 's Old City on Monday . In January , Israel 's The Announcer digitally removed female politicians from an iconic image of world leaders marching through Paris following the Charlie Hebdo terror attack , the Post noted . The newspaper cropped the front-page picture to exclude Danish Prime Minster , Helle Thorning-Shmidt - and airburshed out German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo . At the time , it was reported that the women were likely removed from the historic image , taken on January 11 , so the newspaper would not offend its highly devout Orthodox readers . Swiss President , Simonetta Sommaru , was left as a blur behind a crowd of faces , while the EU 's foreign affairs and security chief , Frederica Mogherini , was left out entirely . The women were among 40 world leaders who lined arms with their male counterparts to lead a million people through Paris , in a statement of international solidarity following the massacre . Another ` controversial ' photo : Hakikar 's decision to obscure Kim is not the first in the world of ultra-Orthodox newspapers.In January , Israel 's The Announcer digitally removed female politicians from an iconic image of world leaders marching through Paris , following the Charlie Hebdo terror attack . Above , the original photo . Altered : The newspaper cropped the front-page -LRB- above -RRB- picture to exclude Danish Prime Minster , Helle Thorning-Shmidt - and airburshed out German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo .