Tracey Neville would say she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers . She might not have enjoyed their fame or their financial success . At the peak of her career as an England netball player who won bronze medals at the Commonwealth Games and World Cup , she earned just £ 742 a month . But there has been no shortage of ambition and no lack of personality . She is Phil Neville 's twin and I ask her which of them , back on January 21 , 1977 , emerged first . ` I do n't think there was ever any way Philip was coming out before me , ' she says in a broad Bury accent enriched by an endearing burst of laughter . Tracey Neville , pictured at Hotel Football in Manchester , is Phil Neville 's twin and sister to Gary Neville . Neville gives a team talk to her Manchester Thunder players during a match with Surrey Storm last year . England coach and Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville poses with his sister Tracey and her friends . It might explain why it is Tracey who has risen to the rank of national head coach first , taking England 's netball team to this summer 's World Cup in Australia while her brothers continue to combine coaching and broadcasting . Gary has spent the past three years as assistant to England manager Roy Hodgson . Tracey was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament in August . Winning it will be no easy task , even if England are ranked third in the world . They failed to win a medal in last year 's Commonwealth Games and poor results in a recent Test series convinced netball chiefs to turn to 38-year-old Neville , who has performed impressively as the boss at Manchester Thunder . How England perform will impact on funding with up to £ 4million at stake . The pressure is on . She revived an ageing Thunder team with an injection of youth and has secured two Superleague titles in three years . They are top of the league and later this month will contest their Superleague semi-final at the Manchester Arena , with some suggesting there are echoes of a certain local football team . Like Gary and Phil , she was first capped for her country at 19 , eventually making 81 international appearances before a knee injury forced her to retire -- and she says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers ' . Sportsmail 's Chief Sports Reporter , Matt Lawton , interviews Neville over breakfast at Hotel Football . Phil Neville , who now works as pundit with BT Sport and the BBC , takes a selfie with his twin sister . Neville celebrates with her Manchester Thunder team after clinching the Superleague title in April last year . ` I think we 're all natural leaders , ' she says as she tucks into a cooked breakfast at Hotel Football , which stands next to Old Trafford and counts her brothers and Manchester United 's other ` Class of 92 ' players among its main investors . ` I 'd say I 'm quite intense , like Gary . He and I would clash quite a lot . Not to the detriment of our relationship . We 're very close . But Philip would be the mediator . ' So Phil 's the nice one ? ` I think I am , ' she says , chuckling again . ` I 'm probably not as intense as Gary and I 'm not the mediator that Philip is . I 'm somewhere in the middle . I have bits of both personality traits . ` But I can definitely hold my own with the two of them . I 'm probably the one who winds Gary up , to be honest . Being a girl I probably know how to push his buttons . ' She says she was never dazzled by the success her brothers enjoyed at United or by the fact that Gary 's best mate was David Beckham . ` I knew them all when they were earning £ 29.50 a week in digs , ' she says . And she claims never to have been the sister her brothers turned to for fashion or girlfriend advice . ` We never had those kind of conversations , ' she says . ` And Gary and clothes ? I do n't think they are ever in the same conversation really -LRB- cue more laughter -RRB- . Neville , who will manage England at the netball World Cup , believes she is a natural leader like her brothers . Gary Neville -LRB- left -RRB- leads Wayne Rooney , James Milner and Michael Carrick -LRB- L-R -RRB- in England training . Neville represents England at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur aged just 21 . ` But we have an awesome dynamic . We obviously all have a competitive edge but not to the detriment of each other . As kids we were like a pack of cubs . We always looked after our own and that 's still the case today . We rely on that support system . ' Even as kids , her brothers treated her as an equal . ` I was never a girl they put in the field when we played cricket or in goal when we played football , ' she says . ` I was always pretty good at all sports and I would give it my all . ` I would have been a good footballer . I loved playing . My mum was the footballer in the family . She played as a striker . That did n't rub off because like Gary and Phil I was a defender . In the end the big decision I had to make was between hockey and netball . I 'd made some good friends in netball so that was the option I took . ' Understandably , there is what she describes as ` a certain connection ' with Phil . ` We probably speak more , ' she says . ` Because Gary 's so busy I would see more of his family , his kids , than I do him . ` He never talks about himself . He won the award last week -LRB- best sports presenter at the RTS Awards -RRB- and nobody in the family even knew he was up for it . He would n't say he wants to be the next England manager because his focus will be on the job he 's doing at the moment . And when I told Gary I 'd got this job , it was just a one-word text response . ` Brilliant , ' he said . There was more from Philip . ` Unbelievable . So proud . ' I think he tweeted something . That 's the difference . ' Before Australia she will draw on the experience of both brothers . Phil spent a season as assistant coach to David Moyes at Manchester United . Given the opportunity she would also like to pick the brains of Sir Alex Ferguson . Neville would love to have a coffee with Sir Alex Ferguson and pick his brains before the netball World Cup . Phil Neville spent last season on the coaching staff at Manchester United , with 10 months under David Moyes . Neville has worked in hospitality and earned a maths degree in Bristol and sports science degree in Chester . ` If he would n't mind having a coffee with me I 'd love to do that , ' she says . ` But I 've got 30 minutes booked in with Gary . ` There are certain challenges in our sport . It 's difficult for the girls to be full-time , and often their jobs become more important because there is n't the financial support . ` I had some difficult financial times as a player . I had great support from my family but I had to take different jobs to support myself . ` I worked in hospitality and got into coaching education and I studied too . I got a maths degree in Bristol before studying for a sports science degree in Chester . These days I 'm working with girls who are doctors , lawyers , zoologists . ` But I think I 'm a better coach than I ever was a player . One of my strengths is the integration of young players and the way I build a team around a certain ethos . I also have a good understanding of the game . ' The challenge is nevertheless significant , as Australia and New Zealand are the powerhouses in netball . ` The Sport England target is to get to the final but we 've never made a final before , ' she says . ` Last year we finished fourth in the Commonwealths . The team did n't perform to their best so it 's my job to get them doing that . ` Ideally I 'd like to have had longer to prepare . In a perfect world you 'd get a four-year cycle . ` Right now the future beyond the World Cup is uncertain . We 'll just have to see how it goes . But I had to take this opportunity . I 've always had such passion for England . ' She 's certainly not alone there . lnformation on Manchester Thunder 's semi-final at the Manchester Arena is at www.manchesterthunder.com .