Suspected rogue trader Navinder Sarao lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential £ 40million offshore nest egg . His family 's semi-detached house in suburban West London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges , giving him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the City . His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London , giving him a massive commercial advantage . Sarao , 36 , was dubbed the ` Hound of Hounslow ' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents , despite allegedly making £ 26.7 million in just four years of dealing from their home . Suspected rogue trader Navinder Sarao -LRB- circled -RRB- lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds . Sarao 's family 's semi-detached house in suburban West London -LRB- pictured -RRB- is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges . He was arrested on Tuesday at the request of US authorities , who have accused him of helping to trigger the Wall Street ` Flash Crash ' of 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices . The former Brunel University student allegedly made £ 550,000 in five minutes on the day of the ` Flash Crash ' , the biggest one-day collapse in Wall Street history . He is accused of using computer programs to create ` spoof ' transactions on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence . Arrest : Navinder Singh Sarao is accused of making £ 26million by ` spoofing ' the stock market from his parents ' semi in Hounslow , west London . He spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £ 5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail . Neil Crammond , who in 2002 helped train Sarao in his first trading job at Futex in Woking , Surrey , said he had quickly become one of its most successful traders , and that the family 's home in Hounslow was perfectly located for Sarao 's operation . He told the Daily Mail : ` One of the exchange servers is based at Slough . The nearer you are the faster your order travels . ` He could overtake orders from the City , meaning he was better placed to profit on tiny fluctuations in the market . It 's only nanoseconds but these minuscule amounts of time are literally worth a fortune to traders . Every nanosecond counts . ' There is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by Sarao during his time at Futex , which he left in 2008 . According to The Times his company accounts show that he paid £ 23million to an employee trust plus another £ 15million ` guarantee fee ' - a type of security - was also paid in , taking it close to £ 40million . A former colleague told MailOnline today : ` He was a super human trader - we were in awe of his ability to make money . When he left Futex he took £ 2.5 million from his account with him . That was unheard of . ` We were all encouraged to set up offshore accounts . If he has as much money as people think then that 's where it 'll be ' . Sarao -LRB- pictured in court -RRB- spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £ 5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail . Sarao allegedly masterminded -- from his home computer -- the Wall Street ` Flash Crash ' of 2010 in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices . But the whereabouts of his alleged £ 26million profit is a mystery . Sarao once wrote to a trade magazine claiming he made between £ 30,000 and £ 88,000 each day , but former colleagues said the trader had scant regard for the trappings of his success , living a frugal life . He is said to have ` loved making money , not spending it ' , and friend told MailOnline he would make £ 250,000 a day trading . Despite his alleged wealth he would travel to work late so he could buy off-peak tickets , only have lunch if he could find cut price sandwiches and shunned drinking in pubs for pints of milk at his desk . Sarao , who was scruffy and dishevelled in the dock during his extradition hearing on Wednesday , was able to offer a £ 5million surety to secure conditional bail - but it is yet to be paid . The Brunel University graduate is said to be ` scruffy ' , ` not flashy ' and does not own a car so uses a fold-up bike - but is sometimes seen in his parents ' Vauxhall Corsa . Adam Whiting , a fellow trader who sat next Sarao for eight months , said : ` One thing I will say is Nav used to wear a tracksuit every day even when an early millionaire ! ' He added : ` Everyone banging on about his s ***** Hounslow house . From what i remember Nav only loved making money , not spending it ' . First job : Sarao started his trading career at this office in Woking where former colleagues described him has a ` legendary ' trader who made huge sums of money . Panic : Traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch in disbelief as the markets tumbled during the ` Flash Crash ' five years ago . Mr Whiting revealed that Sarao had spent £ 100 on clothing Sports Direct but he later made £ 15,000 on a single deal . He said : ` When the trade came back he took all his clothes back . ' Another former colleague told MailOnline : ` Nav is a bit like Rain Man . He would never come out drinking , never socialise , I 'm not sure he had friends , but he was quite brilliant at his job . ` In six months in his last job before going it alone I know he made up to £ 4million in six months and at Futex he made £ 250,000 a day at times . People were in awe of him and his brain . ` But he was also known for being tight , he would wear the same shell suit , had a fold up bike because he had no car and would drink milk from a bottle at his desk . However , school friends said Sarao had briefly lived a flashier lifestyle when he began making money in his mid 20s . Aman Singh , 36 , a former classmate , said : ` He used to go to strip clubs where he would flash his cash and pay for dances . ` I do n't think he 's ever had a girlfriend . He did n't seem interested in meeting girls unless it was strippers in these bars . ' In a 2014 email to the UK Financial Conduct Authority , Sarao said : ` I am a trader who changes his mind very , very quickly , one second I 'm prepared to buy the limit of 2,000 , the next second I may change my mind and get out . ` This is what is unique about my trading , I trade very large but change my mind in a second . ' Sarao described himself as ` an old school point and click trader ' , saying he used his computer mouse to place each trade -- which appears to contradict US allegations he used computer programs to manipulate markets .