A black man has come out in support of police body cameras after he was gunned down by a white officer during a traffic stop and writhed in agony on the ground saying : ` Why did you shoot me sir ? ' Levar Jones , 36 , who has no criminal record and was on his way home from his job at a Subway café , said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of Walter Scott last week . He told Daily Mail Online he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police , new training in them , and supported bodycams for officers . Mr Jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver 's license and was hit in the stomach . The horrifying incident was captured on the officer 's dash cam and has led to the policeman Sean Groubert , 31 , being fired and charged with a felony assault . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Aim : This is the moment South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert opened fire on Levar Jones , who was unarmed and had his back to the officer . He had stopped him over a suspected seatbelt violation . Victim and accused : Levar Jones has no criminal record and was unarmed when he was pulled over . Sean Groubert has been sacked as a state trooper , and charged with felony assault over the shooting . The victim said the shooting on last September has led to serious psychological problems which had left him unable to work since and needing to see a counselor regularly to help him through the trauma . He told Daily Mail Online : ` I was just an innocent person pulling up at a gas station . ` The officer asked for my license and I tried not to look as a threat at any minute . ` I made it obvious that I was going for my wallet and as I was going to reach for it . He started shouting at me and opened fire . ' Mr Jones said he had gone to the Shell gas station in Columbia , South Carolina , the same state where Mr Scott was killed this month , to buy cigarettes while on his way home from work . The dash cam recorded the shooting and Mr Jones writhing in agony , calling the officer ` Sir ' and pleading to know why he had been shot . Groubert is seen in the video pulling out of the station and then suddenly putting his vehicle into reverse , turning back and driving towards Mr Jones ' white pick up truck which has just pulled in . The clip shows Mr. Jones getting out of his vehicle and on hearing the officer 's instructions to produce his license , turn and reach into his vehicle to retrieve it . Groubert shouts , ` Get out of the car ! ' When Mr Jones complies and starts to back away from the vehicle with his hands raised , Groubert opens fire . Four shots can be heard with the victim being hit in the hip and reeling backwards and falling to the ground as demanded by the shooter . The audio then reveals Mr Jones screaming and saying : ` I was just getting my license . I am sorry ... Sir , why was I shot ? All I did was reach for my license . I 'm coming from work . ' Groubert tries to explain himself and responds : ` Well , you dove head-first back into your car . Then you jumped back out . I 'm telling you to get out of your car . ' The policeman is heard accusing the catering worker of a seat belt violation , but even amid his pain , he can be heard saying : ` I just pulled it off right there at the corner to pull in the gas station . ' The officer was charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature , a felony which carries a penalty of up to 20 years in jail . Deadly : The moment Walter Scott was shot repeatedly as he ran away from North Charleston police officer Michael Slager . Dashcam : The last moments of Walter Scott were only fully captured on camera because Feidin Santana , a passerby , used his cellphone to capture the shooting . This was the limted view from the officer 's dash-cam . Mourning : Walter Scott 's mother Judy arrives for his funeral , escorted to the left by a member of the US Coastguard , which her son had served in . Protest : Rev Al Sharpton led a tribute at the spot where Walter Scott died and called for fundamental change to policing to stop more deaths . The complaint states that Groubert ` did without justification unlawfully shoot Levar Jones which produced great bodily injury or was likely to cause great bodily injury . ` Audio and visual recordings , as well as written statements , obtained are further evidence to indicate the shooting incident was without justification . ' Mr Jones added : ` I could have been killed too . I was shot for nothing and even as I was on the ground wounded the officer asked for my id . ` At the hospital they chained me with both arms to a bed for five hours and released me on my own and I had to use cotton wool to tend the wounds . ` It was an awful experience . I am lucky to be alive . I did n't do anything but go for my license as I told him . He just shot at me . ` But this police brutality has to be stopped . I am not surprised that Walter Scott got shot . This type of incident has been going on for too long and there could be others . . ` I have come to Charleston to pay my own respects and to support the campaign for body cams . ` I am here to support and help other victims of police brutality because I am the survivor . ' South Carolina police chiefs , in the light of Walter Scott 's death , have announced that all patrol officers will be fitted with body cameras and Mr Jones called for the same policy to be followed around the US . ` These would lead to a better relationship between police and communities as inter action would be on record . ` Dash cams ca n't record everything because sometimes things happens out of the view of the vehicle like in the case of Walter Scott . Luckily Mr Santana was there with his mobile phone . ` The police in the US are too trigger happy . I am told , they practice shooting around 3 or 5 times a week and that makes them reach for their guns too easily . ` When they are at an incident , their minds and their hands are already thinking about the gun on their belts . Facing life : Michael Slager , with his wife Jamie , who is eight and a half months pregnant . He faces a life sentence if found guilty of murder and has been sacked from his force . ` They are trained to use deadly force and that is wrong sometimes . There needs to be better training and practices . ` I have done my research and I spoke to friends in London who say the police largely do n't have guns but when they do they rarely shoot and get target shooting maybe once a week . ` The body cams on officers in London must be a great help to both the police and the public . That would be the same here . ` Body cameras go hand in hand with the dash cams which are very useful in high speed pursuits . But once the officer exits that frame , it is no longer useful . Body cams are vital . ` But I would say officers must use Tazers first or pepper sprays . But there is a training problem in this country . Our officers are trained to shoot to kill . ' He said there was a misconception that only black males were targets and had researched cases where white unarmed men had been shot by police too . ` We just need big changes in America and that time is right now . Please show everybody the video of me being shot because that is the reality of what is going on in America today . ` I ca n't watch it myself though . It is too painful for me . But that video plays in my head all the time . ' The officer who shot him is on bail until the case against him concludes in the summer . Mr. Jones added : ` I await my day in court because the details are yet to come out over what Officer Groper did . ` The officer went too far on me . But I ca n't be judge and jury against him . ` I feel sorry for the Scott family , because they will also have more questions than answers right now . '