Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will make their final Open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at St Andrews in July . Three-time winner Faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course , having also lifted the Claret Jug at Muirfield in 1987 and 1992 . Faldo , whose 58th birthday falls on the Saturday of the championship , said : ` The Open and St Andrews will forever hold a significant place in my heart . My fondest moments on my journey with this great sport are woven with pictures and emotions in this setting . It all means a huge amount to me . Sir Nick Faldo -LRB- left -RRB- and Tom Watson will compete at The Open for the last time at St Andrews in July . Watson will walk across the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory there . ` I look forward to celebrating all that golf has given me as I cross that storied bridge and the wonderful memories I share with many people . I am grateful for it all and grateful to golf . ' r & a chief executive Peter Dawson added : ` Sir Nick Faldo is an inspirational figure in British golf and has enjoyed a remarkable career in The Open . ` He has delighted the galleries over many years with his three victories and consistently outstanding performances . I 'm sure there will be great anticipation among the galleries at St Andrews to see him play in The Open once again and he will receive a rousing ovation worthy of a great champion . ' Five-time Open champion Watson , who lost a play-off at Turnberry in 2009 at the age of 59 , received a special exemption from the r & a to play his final Open in 2015 , the 40th anniversary of his first victory at Carnoustie . He and Faldo will be joined by the likes of Tiger Woods , Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson in the Champion Golfers ' Challenge on Wednesday , July 15 , a four-hole team event played on the first , second , 17th and 18th on the eve of the championship . Almost 10,000 spectators will be able to watch from seats on the first , 17th and 18th , with a two-tiered grandstand created behind the 18th green for the first time and an L-shaped arena behind the 17th green , as well as the traditional seats to the right of the first . The grandstand behind the famous Road Hole will have a capacity of more than 4,000 , with a total of 21,000 seats around the entire course . Johnnie Cole-Hamilton , executive director of championships at the r & a , said : ` There is always an incredible atmosphere at The Open and particularly when it is held in St Andrews . We want to make sure as many spectators as possible can experience that unique atmosphere and enjoy wonderful views of the play on the opening and closing holes at St Andrews . r & a chief executive Peter Dawson paid tribute to the achievements of Faldo during his career . Tom Watson -LRB- right -RRB- poses with the Claret Jug alongside runner-up in 1975 , Jack Newton -LRB- left -RRB- . Rory McIlroy is the current holder of the Claret Jug and will defend the title at St Andrews this year . ` The new arena will provide a fantastic setting for the climax of the Championship at the 72nd hole and will be the ideal place for spectators to greet the new champion golfer of the year . ' Several cameras have been implanted into bunkers on the course , with another ` turf camera ' giving views of the r & a clubhouse from in front of the first tee . The r & a has also invested £ 150,000 in subsidising food and drink prices , meaning the price of fish and chips , for example , is down from £ 10.50 to £ 8.50 .