A premature baby , born weighing a tiny 558 grams , astounded doctors by being able to go home almost five months after a medically complicated birth . The parents of Etienne Gould Nunan , who was born at Melbourne 's Monash Hospital in July last year , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed . ` He just looked so fragile . Literally a few hours after I met him for the first time , the doctors said he was n't going to make it , ' his mother Carman Gould , who had an emergency caesarean at just 26 weeks , told Nine News . Scroll down for video . Etienne Gould Nunan was finally allowed to go home after spending almost five months in hospital . He was born premature , after just 26 weeks in the womb , and weighed only 558 grams . She and her partner Jonathan Nunan would spend the next four and a half months practically living at the hospital and watching as their son developed pneumonia , suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . ` Given the way he started , a lot of times both the family and us were very worried about him , whether he would be able to make it at all , ' Monash 's associate professor Arvind Sehgal said . But slowly , ` tough little fighter ' Etienne began to experience his first milestones in life . A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby , not much larger than a can of soft drink , was allowed to touch his mother for the first time , 10 days after his birth . His parents , Carman Gould -LRB- left -RRB- and Jonathan Nunan -LRB- right -RRB- have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing . Too tiny to touch : Etienne was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and went on to develop pneumonia , suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . ` You 've watched this baby through this plastic window for ten days and so to finally hold him skin to skin ; it 's the moment that you 've been waiting for , ' Ms Gould said . ` It 's the moment you start to think `` yeh , I am a mum '' . ' The proud parents said they celebrated each day as it came , alongside the little joys it brought , from Etienne 's first bath to his first hug with dad and his first feed with mum . ` Etienne came home after 138 days in the NICU needing only vitamins and a little breathing support ... and we expect him to grow out of that in the next few months . All his other issues were resolved , some spontaneously , ' the couple wrote in a compilation video of their son 's five month long hospital battle . A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby , not much larger than a can of soft drink , was allowed to touch his mother for the first time , 10 days after his birth . ` You 've watched this baby through this plastic window for ten days and so to finally hold him skin to skin ; it 's the moment that you 've been waiting for , ' Ms Gould said . The proud parents said they celebrated each day as it came , alongside the little joys it brought , from Etienne 's first bath -LRB- pictured -RRB- , his first hug with dad , and his first feed with mum . ` Fabulous , if you see his original pictures when he was born you would n't recognise him and he 's done very well , ' professor Sehgal told Nine News . Mr Nunan and Ms Gould have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the Australian Red Cross . ` If you 've ever given blood , a heartfelt thank you . It was generosity from people like you that saved my baby Etienne 's life . If you 've been putting it off , ask yourself , how many opportunities do we get in our lifetime to make such a meaningful difference to others ? , ' Ms Gould wrote in a comment on The Red Cross 's Facebook page . Mr Nunan added that the family was looking forward to a happy future with their ` inspiring little kid ' . Mr Nunan and Ms Gould have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the Australian Red Cross . ` If you 've ever given blood , a heartfelt thank you . It was generosity from people like you that saved my baby Etienne 's life , ' Ms Gould wrote in a comment on The Red Cross 's Facebook page . A proud Ms Gould -LRB- pictured with hospital staff -RRB- and Mr Nunan were allowed to take their son home after 138 days in hospital . Mr Nunan said the family was looking forward to a happy future with their ` inspiring little kid '