Some of the oldest surviving photographs of the Houses of Parliament and Windsor Castle , dating back more than 150 years , have been found . The remarkable images were shot by photographer Victor Albert Prout , who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the River Thames . And despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today . Scroll down for video . Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room -LRB- centre , front -RRB- , capturing and developing his images on site , like this one of Windsor Castle -LRB- top right -RRB- . Prout 's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain 's best known landmarks , such as Windsor Castle , seen from the banks today . A photo of taken of Richmond Bridge shows the familiar arches of the 18th century stonework , clearly recognisable today . While a picture taken from the banks of the Thames of Windsor Castle , showing Prout 's floating dark room in the foreground , is remarkably similar to contemporary pictures of the iconic building . Another shows the Houses of Parliament in the 1850s when Henry John Temple The Viscount Palmerston was Prime Minister , and is strikingly similar to photos taken today . The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £ 30,000 . Prout travelled around the Thames on his boat to capture images of the well known landmarks , developing them on the spot His floating dark room construction is often seen tethered to a skiff in some of the photographs . As an artist and photographer was renowned for his panoramic pictures , captured along the stretch of the River Thames - featuring images from the Houses of Parliament to Magdalen Bridge in Oxford . He was commissioned to take the collection of pictures for The Book of the Thames : From Its Rise to its Fall , by Mr and Mrs S.G. Hall . The photographer was known for his panoramic images , such as this one taken overlooking the River Thames , of Richmond Bridge . Richmond Bridge today is busier than the scene surrounding the 18th century stone bridge captured by Prout around 150 years ago . The buildings and riverside of Marlow was captured in a photograph taken by Prout , who then developed his pictures as quickly as he could . Today 's picture of Marlow - with the church spire dominating - bears a striking resemblance to that taken by Proust , more than 150 years ago . The images , such as this of Iffley Mill , were saved by Prout in his book of pictures of the Thames in the mid 1850s and will now be auctioned . Some of the photos capture how the areas have changed , such as at Iffley where the watermill no longer stands after it was burned to the ground in 1908 , having survived for almost 800 years . Prout 's photography along the River Thames included this shot of Twickenham in the 1950s , with his darkroom boat in the foreground -LRB- right -RRB- . Twickenham has been significantly developed since the 1850s when Prout captured his image of the London suburb along the Thames . The photos - believed to be the the first documented collection of the UK 's greatest river - were eventually published by Prout 's father 's publishing company , Virtue and Co , in around 1862 . Only a handful of copies of the photographs are known to exist , with most in specialist collections . The last to appear at auction was at Sothebys in 1981 . Each of the photographs captured a historical record of the area at the time - with some also showing how changes have occurred in the last 150 years . At Iffley , a watermill built during the 12th century , was a focal part of Prout 's image . But in photos from today the mill is absent - after it was burned to the ground in the early 1900s . Prout 's image provides a historical record of the construct , which produced malt , barley and corn for almost 800 years . But most of the photos show how little things have changed - such as the photos of the Houses of Parliament and Marlow Lock . An image of the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Bridge , taken by Victor Albert Prout , is believed to be one of the oldest photographs . Prout 's picture of the Houses of Parliament is thought to be the oldest surviving image of the landmark , which looks similar today . A black and white photograph of Hampton Court features in Prout 's groundbreaking photo album of panoramic views of the River Thames . Hampton Court is in full view overlooking the River Thames in an image taken from the exact same spot today as the one several years ago . The images capture how London 's landmarks appeared in the nineteenth century , such as at Great Marlow Lock , as he travelled past . Marlow lock and weir lies on the River Thames today after being built in 1773 and captured by Prout almost 100 years later . The collection will be sold by Antiquates Ltd - Fine and Rare Books , at the Oxford book fair , held on April 25 and 26 , for £ 28,500 . Last month an image taken by Prout of young men playing cricket at Eton was discovered and at 150 years old , was believed to be the earliest ever photograph of a school cricket match , and the second oldest of any cricket anywhere . The image , which showed men playing in waistcoats , was signed in pencil by Prout and taken just five years after the first ever image illustrating the sport . This was captured by Roger Fenton in 1857 , a founding member of the Royal Photographic Society and famous for his photographs of the Crimean War . Prout 's photo captures the calmness at Wallingford Bridge - which connected Wallingford with Crowmarsh Gifford in Oxfordshire . Today Wallingford Bridge is still a calm stretch of waterway on the River Thames , with most traffic now crossing Winterbrook Bridge instead . Snapshots in the collection , including this of barges in Oxford , will be sold when it is sold at the Oxford Book Fair for around £ 30,000 . The busy waterways in Oxford , pictured in 2009 , bear a striking resemblance to the bustling river captured by Prout 150 years earlier . The incredibly rare collection of photographs taken from London to Oxford is to be sold and has an estimated value of about £ 30,000 .