Samantha Cameron showcased another election campaign outfit this morning , firming up her position as the most stylish of the politician 's partners . The Prime Minister 's wife showed her support of UK business by sporting a thoroughly British outfit at the Conservative Party 's manifesto launch in Swindon . Wearing a simple but elegant £ 185 emerald green wrap dress by London-based designer The Fold , Mrs Cameron looked every inch the First Lady of British politics as she arrived at the town 's University Technical Colleges . Winning in the style stakes : Samantha Cameron , wearing an £ 185 Hampton dress in emerald green from The Fold , supports husband David as he launches the Conservative Party 's manifesto in Swindon . A vision in green : Sam Cam -LRB- centre -RRB- adds a dash of glamour as she applauds her husband while seated between George Osborne -LRB- right -RRB- and William Hague -LRB- left -RRB- . All smiles : Samantha laughs at one of the Prime Minister 's more jovial points . Sam Cam , 43 , a huge fan of British designers , showed her commitment to UK brands once again by plumping for the Hampton dress . The midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck is made from a non-crease poly twill fabric , perfect for a woman travelling a lot - and a busy mother-of-four . The look was finished with a slim white belt to accentuate Samantha 's enviable waistline and a pair of black heels . The company behind the frock has a flagship store in Clerkenwell and was founded by Polly McMaster . The label specialises in contemporary work-wear . Their collection is designed with ` modern , professional women in mind ' which makes them an ideal fit for Sam Cam . Other celebrity fans include Davina McCall and Amanda Holden . Liking what they hear : George and Samantha look happy with their man . Wearing green but thinking blue : Samantha stands out against the Tory suits . Sam , who appeared to have caught some Easter sun , showed off tanned legs and arms , but kept her make-up simple with some subtle berry lipstick . Jewellery was a pair of gold hoops and a slim gold chain bracelet . The Prime Minister 's wife recently showcased another element of her style - her taste in interiors , as a series of pictures of the Cameron 's kitchen dining room were released , along with their 1950s retro-chic sofas and chairs and a funky steel lamp stretching over the table . Promises : Mr Cameron took to the lectern to talk about the Tory party 's intentions including doubling free childcare for working parents . Listening intently : Samantha looked comfortable in her emerald green wrap dress . Today , she sat , the proverbial rose between two thorns , next to George Osborne and William Hague , listening intently as her husband took to the stage to outline his party 's key policies ahead of the general election on May 7 . In launching his manifesto , Mr Cameron promised voters ` the good life ' as he vowed to double free childcare for working parents and guarantee workers on the minimum wage will never pay income tax . David had Sam 's full attention and she only paused to smile , exchange some knowing looks with the Chancellor and to applaud . She also laughed heartily to the PM 's jokes and smiled broadly at other times , although occasionally pausing to adjust her long bob . After the speech was over she and her husband left hand in hand , with Sam almost appearing to lead Dave . View from the back : David and Samantha make their way out of the venue . Smiling into the sunshine : Holding hands , the Prime Minister and his wife leave the conference at the University Technical Colleges in Swindon . A wave to the crowds : David and Samantha look happy after launching the manifesto . A helping hand : The PM shows his chivalrous side as he helped his wife get into a waiting car . During the speech , Cameron claimed Britain is ` on the brink of something special ' as he unveiled a cradle-to-grave Conservative manifesto , promising voters ` security at every stage of your life ' . The Prime Minister warned there is ` almost nothing without economic security ' as he set out an extension of Margaret Thatcher 's hugely popular Right to Buy scheme , vowed to scrap inheritance tax on homes worth up to £ 1million and promised to freeze rail fares for five years . While the audience cheered these plans , Samantha 's sartorial choices were also a clear success . Her latest appearance on the campaign trail comes after a MailOnline poll found that if the electorate were voting for wives of politicians , they 'd put her at the top of the tree . The latest Populus survey saw the Conservatives and Labour tied on 33 per cent , but if Mrs Cameron went up against Justine Miliband she surges to 38 per cent with Labour on 30 per cent . A new Populus poll for MailOnline asked how people would vote if -LRB- left to right -RRB- Samantha Cameron , Miriam Clegg , Justine Miliband and Kirsten Farage were leaders instead of their husbands . If wives ruled the world : The Tories would have an 8-point lead over Labour if the women replaced their husbands as leader , a Populus poll for MailOnline reveals . Senior Tories have described Mrs Cameron as their ` secret weapon ' and her appearances on the campaign trail dominated coverage in the days after the election was called . The poll asked voters which party they would vote for if the women were the leaders instead of their husbands . Mrs Cameron came out on top with 38 per cent , with Mrs Miliband on 30 per cent . Some 21 per cent said they would back Miriam Clegg , much higher than 8 per cent currently enjoyed by husband Nick in the same survey . Just 11 per cent of people said they would vote for Ukip if Nigel Farage 's wife Kirsten was leader . Mrs Farage keeps a much lower profile that the other leaders ' wives , with both Mrs Clegg and Mrs Miliband making regular appearances in the media and on the campaign trail .