At the start of the year the prospect of Manchester United leading rivals Manchester City going into April 's derby at Old Trafford looked extremely unlikely . But Louis van Gaal 's side have hit form at the right time , while the current Premier League champions seem to have blown their chances of retaining their title after crushing defeats at Burnley and Crystal Palace . Since City beat United 1-0 last November , plenty of players have improved , some have faded , while both Van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have tinkered with their systems . Here , Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape , choosing the 4-2-3-1 formation both teams seem to favour . The Manchester United and Manchester City composite Xi ahead of the derby - selected by Sportsmail . Louis van Gaal -LRB- l -RRB- and Manuel Pellegrini 's -LRB- r -RRB- sides are in contrasting form going into the Old Trafford clash . Goalkeeper - David de Gea . Just gets the gloves ahead of Joe Hart . A very close call , especially given the Englishman 's form over recent weeks , but the athletic Spaniard edges it . David de Gea edges out Joe Hart for the goalkeeper slot and has been in fine form at Old Trafford this season . Right back - Pablo Zabaleta . Form has been patchy this term but is the best right back either club can boast . Manuel Pellegrini may opt for the more defensive Bacary Sagna , but he should not do so if only so we can see Zabaleta renew acquaintances with Marouane Fellaini , who elbowed him in the face last season . Pablo Zabaleta has n't been at his best but is the best right back either club can boast at the moment . Centre back - Vincent Kompany . Like Zabaleta , not had the best of seasons but remains far above anything United currently have at centre-half . Should be coming into his best years but appears to be going backwards . That said , would be some dip in form to see him miss the cut . Vincent Kompany - pictured looking dejected after the defeat by Crrytal Palace - is still the No 1 choice . Centre back - Chris Smalling . Impressive in recent weeks before illness , keeping the likes of Harry Kane and Daniel Sturridge quiet . Deserves his chance to rectify his derby disaster , when he was red-carded at the Etihad in November . Chris Smalling was sent off in the last Manchester Derby in November and will be looking to make amends . Left Back - Gael Clichy . Both clubs may strengthen at left back in the summer although United will want more from Luke Shaw . Clichy has done well to keep out Aleksandar Kolarov for long periods and is a better left back than Daley Blind , despite the versatile Dutchman 's sterling performances there recently . Both United and City will be looking to strengthen at left back this summer but for now Gael Clichy is best fit . Sport analysts BSports are predicting Manchester City are likely to win the derby at Old Trafford . Centre midfield - Michael Carrick . Finally getting the recognition he deserves outside of Old Trafford . At 33 he is excelling at the back of midfield in a quarterback role and has been at the heart of United 's revival . Michael Carrick has been at the heart of Man United 's revival - playing in a quarterback position in midfield . Centre midfield - Ander Herrera . United 's man-of-the-moment finally appears to be on the right side of Van Gaal after a sluggish start . The box-to-box Spaniard is evidence of the Dutchman 's claims that given time to adapt to his methods , his players will succeed . Ander Herrera is Louis van Gaal 's man of the moment and seems to be flourishing in the manager 's system . Attacking midfield - Juan Mata . March 's player of the month is another to flourish after a sluggish opening . His two goals at Liverpool and understanding with Ander Herrera have helped United launch what looked for a long time like an unlikely assault on second place . Juan Mata has a fine understanding with Herrera and scored this stunning goal against Liverpool last month . Attacking midfield - David Silva . Arguably City 's greatest player of all time , the nimble-footed magician drifts effortlessly into the side . Has remained superb despite the slump and continues to create chances for his suddenly-wasteful team-mates . David Silva has remained superb despite City 's slum and continues to create chances for his team-mates . Attacking midfield - Wayne Rooney . The Scouser who loves the Manchester derby . Has scored 11 times against City and has more goals than anyone else in the long history of this fixture . Wayne Rooney has scored more goals than anyone in the Manchester Derby and is in good form up front . Striker - Sergio Aguero . Another underperformer who should be doing better for City , the Argentine has not scored in his last six matches . That said , few would bet against him ending that run on enemy territory . Sergio Aguero is another City underperformer but could end his six-game run without a goal against United . PLAYER TALLY . MANCHESTER UNITED - 6 . MANCHESTER CITY - 5 .