A new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday up and down the country . Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier . Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher 's guide to the County Championship . DIVISION ONE . Durham . Verdict : I do n't think they have the strength to carry the title off . The best they can hope for is to consolidate their status as a regular Division One side . But they always have a flotilla of pace bowlers to look out for . Key man : Mark Wood -- a highly promising quick , as England have realised . Overseas : John Hastings -LRB- Aus -RRB- . Durham 's side pose for their team photo ahead of the 2015 county cricket season . Hampshire . Verdict : It 's always difficult for any team that 's just been promoted : Worcestershire go up and down every year . But if West Indies paceman Fidel Edwards , signed as a Kolpak , can stay fit they have a chance . And Michael Carberry will have a point to prove as well . Key man : It would be fantastic if Sean Ervine can make the most of his undoubted talent . Overseas : Jackson Bird -LRB- Aus -RRB- , Yasir Arafat -LRB- Pak , limited-overs -RRB- . Hampshire players join in with a selfie with their sponsors at their Ageas Bowl home in Southampton . Middlesex . Verdict : I tipped them for the title last season , but they barely ended up escaping relegation . The loss of Adam Voges to Australia 's Ashes squad is a big blow , and they 'll need to replace the runs of his fellow Ashes tourist Chris Rogers at the top of the order . Key man : The return of a revitalised Nick Compton from Somerset is huge . Overseas : TBC . Nick Compton has joined Middlesex from Somerset with a point to prove to England selectors . Nottinghamshire . Verdict : They promised much in 2014 , but delivered little . Yorkshire overhauled them easily in the end . But I expect them to be strong , especially in seam bowling : Vernon Philander 's a big signing , and they 'll have the experienced Ben Hilfenhaus too . Key man : This is Alex Hales 's chance to prove he can be more than just a one-day hitter . Overseas : Vernon Philander -LRB- SA -RRB- , Ben Hilfenhaus -LRB- Aus -RRB- , Darren Sammy -LRB- WI , T20 -RRB- . Big things will be expected of Nottinghamshire in the 2015 season given their strength and depth . Somerset . Verdict : With the likes of Marcus Trescothick , they have a wealth of experience at Taunton now , which they 'll need -- they 've often struggled to get over the line because of a lack of cricketing nous . But they 're brimming with talent , and the Overton twins -- Craig and Jamie -- will be worth watching . Key man : The new coach Matthew Maynard -- his edge is just what they need . Overseas : Abdur Rehman -LRB- Pak -RRB- , Sohail Tanvir -LRB- Pak , T20 -RRB- , Corey Anderson -LRB- NZ , T20 -RRB- . Somerset 's new director of cricket Matthew Maynard will be hoping to leave his mark at Taunton . Sussex . Verdict : My tip for the title . Ed Joyce is back from another successful World Cup with Ireland , and they 'll have Tymal Mills to steam in down the hill : lefties are all the rage right now . Throw in Chris Jordan , Luke Wright , Steve Magoffin and Mahela Jayawardene , and there 's a heap of talent . Key man : Magoffin 's accurate seam bowling is one of the game 's most unsung phenomena . Overseas : Steve Magoffin -LRB- Aus -RRB- , Mahela Jayawardene -LRB- SL , T20 -RRB- . Chris Nash -LRB- left -RRB- and Ed Joyce -LRB- right -RRB- at Sussex 's media day ahead of the new season at Hove . Warwickshire . Verdict : They had a cracking summer last year , and they have a nice blend of experienced players and others approaching their peak , in the 27-31 category . They 'll need to keep the squad fit so they can rotate -- and it 'll be interesting to see how much of Jonathan Trott they 'll get , because he 'll have an eye on the Ashes . Key man : Jeetan Patel -- 59 Championship wickets last year with his off-breaks . Overseas : Jeetan Patel -LRB- NZ -RRB- , Brendon McCullum -LRB- NZ , T20 -RRB- . England fast bowler Chris Woakes dressed in Warwickshire 's yellow limited-overs strip . Worcestershire . Verdict : It often confounds me how a team that looks so workmanlike on paper can keep appearing in Division One ahead of more fancied sides , but coach Steve Rhodes gets them playing disciplined cricket , and Daryl Mitchell 's a terrific leader . Key man : If the pitches are dry in the second half of the season , Saeed Ajmal could keep them up by himself . Overseas : Sachithra Senanayake -LRB- SL -RRB- , Saeed Ajmal -LRB- Pak -RRB- , Colin Munro -LRB- NZ , T20 -RRB- . Pakistani spinner Saeed Ajmal could prove to be a big weapon during the 2015 county season . Yorkshire . Verdict : Their biggest challenge in defending their title will be how to cope with losing so many players to England . But well done to them for fulfilling a major part of a county 's brief , which is to produce Test cricketers . And it 's a predominantly Yorkshire-born team too . Key man : Andrew Gale -- the captain will be ever-present while others are on England duty . Overseas : Cheteshwar Pujara -LRB- Ind -RRB- , Aaron Finch -LRB- Aus -RRB- , Kane Williamson -LRB- NZ -RRB- , Glenn Maxwell -LRB- Aus , T20 -RRB- . Yorkshire captain Andrew Gale celebrates winning Division One at the end of the 2014 season . DIVISION TWO . Derbyshire . Verdict : Martin Guptill will arrive fresh from his World Cup heroics , and last season Mark Footitt was far and away the quickest bowler on the county circuit . They 'll be a tough nut to crack . Key man : Mark Footitt was the Championships ' leading wicket-taker in 2014 with 82 at 19 each . Overseas : Martin Guptill -LRB- NZ -RRB- , Tillekeratne Dilshan -LRB- SL , T20 -RRB- , Nathan Rimmington -LRB- Aus , T20 -RRB- . New Zealand 's World Cup star Martin Guptill will play for Derbyshire this summer . Essex . Verdict : Somehow , they always manage to mess up their promotion bid . Jesse Ryder will give them a bit of X-factor , but they 've lost two talented young players in Tymal Mills and wicketkeeper Ben Foakes . Key man : Graham Napier -- potentially destructive with both bat and ball . Overseas : Jesse Ryder -LRB- NZ -RRB- , Shaun Tait -LRB- Aus , T20 -RRB- . Essex star Mark Pettini holds an eagle during the team 's media day at Chelmsford . Glamorgan . Verdict : They 've been finding life very difficult of late , and they 've had a bit of an overhaul during the winter . Having Jacques Rudolph available for the whole season is a boost , and South African batsman Colin Ingram has arrived as a Kolpak . Key man : Graham Wagg is a feisty all-rounder . Overseas : Jacques Rudolph -LRB- SA -RRB- . Glamorgan have endured a tough time of late and will be hoping for better fortunes in 2015 . Gloucestershire . Verdict : The loss of the Gidman brothers -- Alex and Will -- leaves a big hole in the side , both on and off the field . It 's interesting that Geraint Jones will captain them in four-day cricket , but it 's hard to see them improving on their seventh-place finish from last year . Key player : Will Tavare 's runs could be crucial . Overseas : Peter Handscomb -LRB- Aus -RRB- , Michael Klinger -LRB- Aus -RRB- . Former Kent and England wicketkeeper Geraint Jones will captain Gloucestershire in four-day cricket . Kent . Verdict : As ever , their problem will be how to take 20 wickets , but at least seamer Matt Coles is back from Hampshire . The batting looks stronger , with Joe Denly rejoining from Middlesex , and young talent in Daniel Bell-Drummond and Sam Northeast . Key player : Sam Billings -- an England star in the making . Overseas : TBC . Kent star Sam Billings in training with the England Lions in Cape Town in January . Lancashire . Verdict : They had a massively disappointing 2014 , going straight back down after winning Division Two . But , along with Surrey , they 'll fancy their chances of promotion . And their new coach , Ashley Giles , will be keen as mustard after being discarded by England . Key player : Tom Smith -- showed his all-round class last summer . Overseas : Peter Siddle -LRB- Aus -RRB- . Lancashire endured a disappointing 2014 campaign which ended in relegation back to Division Two . Leicestershire . Verdict : They were rock bottom last year , and without a Championship win in two seasons , but there 's a feeling of renewal at Grace Road : a new chief executive in Wasim Khan , and three Australians in Andrew McDonald -LRB- coach -RRB- , Mark Cosgrove -LRB- captain -RRB- and Clint McKay -LRB- seamer -RRB- . Key player : Cosgrove can give Leicestershire some rollicking starts . Overseas : Clint McKay -LRB- Aus -RRB- . Former Australia all-rounder Andrew McDonald -LRB- right -RRB- will coach Leicestershire this summer . Northamptonshire . Verdict : They 'll be wiser for the experience after a dismal 2014 , when a pre-season injury to captain Alex Wakely proved a disaster . Time to prove that they can rediscover the form that made them such a hit in 2013 . Key player : Local lad David Willey bowls brisk left-arm and gives it a whack . Overseas : Rory Kleinveldt -LRB- SA -RRB- , Shahid Afridi -LRB- Pak , T20 -RRB- . Pakistan all-rounder Shahid Afridi will play T20 cricket for Northamptonshire this summer . Surrey . Verdict : The KP circus is coming to town . There 'll be plenty of attention on the club , and therefore also on the talented younger players -- the likes of Jason Roy , Rory Burns , Zafar Ansari and Matt Dunn . They 've simply got to get out of Division Two . Key player : Jason Roy -- a big chance to nudge the England selectors . Overseas : Kumar Sangakkara -LRB- SL -RRB- , Moises Henriques -LRB- Aus -RRB- . Kevin Pietersen has returned to Surrey in a bit to resurrect his international career with England . Pietersen was in good spirits at the team 's media day at The Oval ahead of the 2015 season . The Surrey 2015 side that will be hoping to secure promotion back into Division One . Keep up to date with the LV = County Championship this season with Mark Butcher ' s weekly match previews and highlights of every game . Visit ecb.co.uk / lvcc to discover where Test stars are made .