Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams by a gynecologist at Johns Hopkins will receive $ 32 million in legal fees from a $ 190million settlement . The sum , will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy , a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic . The attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee , however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent . Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . In his order the judge praised the attorneys for achieving ` extraordinary results , ' and called the settlement ` unprecedented . ' Jonathan Schochor , the suit 's lead attorney , says he and the other attorneys wo n't challenge the judge 's order . Dr. Levy was fired in February 2013 , days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the camera . He committed suicide ten days later . Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home . The settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the U.S. involving sexual misconduct by a physician , and all but closes a case that never produced criminal charges but threatened the reputation of one of the world 's leading medical institutions . Lawyers said thousands of women were traumatized , even though their faces were not visible in the images and it could not be established with certainty which patients were recorded or how many . He committed suicide ten days later . Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home . Hospital authorities called Baltimore police just before Levy 's firing . Police and federal investigators said they found no evidence he shared the material with others . Levy , 54 , graduated from the Weill Cornell Medical College in Manhattan , and completed his internship and residency at Kings County Hospital Center . He began working at Hopkins in 1988 . When the allegations came to light , he was working at Hopkins East Baltimore Medical Center , a community practice affiliated with Johns Hopkins Hospital . During his 25-year tenure , he saw roughly 12,600 patients . Jonathan Schochor , the suit 's lead attorney , says he and the other attorneys wo n't challenge the judge 's order .