The records are tumbling and Leicester 's belief is growing . Their 2-0 victory over Swansea made it three Premier League wins in a row for the first time since 2000 , lifting Nigel Pearson 's side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom . All this after just two wins in their previous 24 games . Most looking at the club reasoned relegation would be a matter of time . Instead , Queens Park Rangers , Burnley , Hull and Sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers . In truth , there have been no significant changes to affect results . Pearson has applied the same principles throughout the season , except now Leicester are taking more chances . Here Sportsmail assesses the key themes of Leicester 's revival . Leicester striker Leonardo Ulloa celebrates after scoring against Swansea during his side 's 2-0 win . Scoring surge . Andy King 's late tap-in meant Leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since May 2000 . Previously , Leicester were creating plenty but fluffing their lines . Against Crystal Palace in February , for example , they had five shots on target , eight shots off target , six shots blocked -- and failed to find the net , losing 1-0 . They had six shots on target against Swansea , with a much better success rate . Andy King scores Leicester 's second goal to seal three points against Swansea at the King Power Stadium . Cambiasso class . Ulloa scored his first Premier League goal in 647 minutes ; last scoring on Boxing Day 2014 . Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester 's player of the season come what may . The Argentine has sprinkled high quality to their midfield , winning possession and conducting play like a grand master plots chess moves . At 34 , his experience is now shining through -- a calm head even as circumstances appeared brittle . His goal to set up the win over West Ham was special too . His pass completion was not outstanding against Swansea -- just 68.3 per cent -- but that is largely because he tried difficult balls to get his team on the front foot . Leicester midfielder Esteban Cambiasso puts in another classy performance against Swansea on Saturday . Schmeichel sensational . With the score at 1-0 , Swansea unlocked the Leicester defence to send Nelson Oliveira through on goal . Kasper Schmeichel was out in a flash , spreading himself large and deflecting the finish wide . It was a hugely important moment . The Danish goalkeeper was on the sidelines with a broken metatarsal for more than three months of this season , but has returned at peak form for this crucial period . Foxes goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel gets down quickly and makes himself big to save from Nelson Oliveria . Adept at adapting . Aside from Schmeichel 's injury , Pearson has been able to call a mainly full-strength squad most weeks . He has changed personnel -- only Wes Morgan has more than 30 starts under his belt -- and players appear fresh when other squads may be tiring . He is flexible with his tactics , changing during games to suit the situation . He is getting it right recently . Against West Bromwich Albion he began with 4-3-1-2 but switched to 3-5-2 when trailing at half-time . Against Swansea , he started with an attacking 3-4-1-2 but implemented a back four when ahead . King slides in with a strong challenge on Swansea 's Oliveria during the Premier League match on Saturday . Pearson 's strength . The Leicester manager has been on the touchline rather than high in the stands recently , and uses his position to effect rather than for show . He kept players motivated at the Hawthorns and used a break in play against Swansea to give an impromptu team talk . He has been in remarkable survivals before , at Carlisle , Southampton , and West Brom , and knows what is required . He has managed to keep the respect of the squad through his imposing personality even after the phantom sacking . The players have always supported him . Leicester boss Nigel Pearson gives instructions to his players ahead of the 2-0 win over Swansea . Belief building . The great escape theme was hummed loudly by Leicester fans at fullt-time , and atmospheres at the King Power Stadium have been very noisy for the wins over West Ham and Swansea . That will continue for four of the final six games , with home comfort looking vital . Burnley at Turf Moor awaits first , and Leonardo Ulloa , who scored the opening goal , insists Leicester must not let their intensity dip . He also thinks Leicester 's sustained spell in the relegation zone has equipped them with the psychological tools to claw their way up . ` If you know this situation at the bottom you play different , the mentality is a little different , ' he said . ` Now with a good result and we have to push on . ' A Leicester fan holds up a sign backing the team to win their battle against relegation this season .