It is probably fair to say that never before in the history of the Masters has a crowd 10 deep assembled around the first tee at 4.20 pm on the first official day of practice . Normally by then the estimated 70,000 crowd are streaming happily to the exits , savouring the day they saw Amen Corner in the flesh and clutching large shopping bags containing millions of dollars-worth of precious Masters merchandise . Given no phones are allowed in the grounds , how did word spread so quickly that the thing they had waited all day to witness was finally going to happen ? They knew all right . Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015 . Woods is given a warm welcome from the crowd and soon stops to sign autographs for some of his fans . Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf . Woods is greeted by European Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke -LRB- right -RRB- at Augusta National Golf Club . And what a reception they afforded the main man as Tiger Woods stepped back into public life after his 60-day leave of absence . A couple of minutes later , it was like he had never been away as his drive flew wickedly left and spectators were running for cover . In the end , he finished in the middle of the adjacent ninth fairway . What he would give for such luck come Thursday . He had a perfect line to the flag and duly stroked a crisp mid-iron to 10ft and rolled in the birdie putt . Then it was time to practice his chipping from each side of the green -- and everyone 's attention went up a notch . After his well-documented chipping problems in January , all eyes are being trained on how he copes with the infamous tight lies at Augusta . Woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament . His action looked smooth and confident . He hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes . None were chunked . So it continued , in positive fashion . At the par-five second , he was putting for an eagle three . At the difficult par-three fourth , he positively skipped off the tee as his long iron finished tap-in distance away . After nine holes where the ball was struck with impressive authority , Woods decided to call it a day . Nothing , of course , can be read into what happens in practice , but one thing is for certain . At this place where he can draw upon so many happy memories , Woods is going to have an awful lot of goodwill to help him along . By contrast , Rory McIlroy practised at the other end of the day . In the past , Masters Monday was one where he would seek out an experienced hand for wisdom . Now he was the one passing on the insight , as he strolled to the tee with British Amateur champion , Bradley Neil . The promising 19-year-old from Blairgowrie considers driving the ball his strongest suit and was understandably pleased to find the middle of the first fairway . ` I was feeling really happy and Rory steps up and crunches it 40 yards past me , ' said Neil . ` I just thought : `` Phew , he 's good , is n't he ? ' '' Just days until 25-year-old McIlroy 's tilt at the career Grand Slam and the thing that struck Neil was that you would have struggled to tell who was the amateur here to soak up the experience and who was the history man . Rory McIlroy hits a tee shot during the practice session at Augusta National Golf Club on Monday . McIlroy hits his second shot from a bunker during the practice session at Augusta National Golf Club . Woods hits a shot during the practice range at Augusta as his caddie Joe LaCava -LRB- left -RRB- watches on . Woods smiles as he embraces USA 's Mark O'Meara during the practice session at Augusta on Monday . Woods hits an impressive chip shot on to the putting green at Augusta National Golf Club on Monday . ` It just tells you how strong he is mentally when he can be so calm , ' said Neil . ` He 's got this chance to join the greats and yet talking to him you would have never known it . ' What did they talk about ? ` A lot of small talk actually , ' said Neil , who is trying to become the first British amateur since Peter McEvoy way back in 1978 to make the cut . ` There 's only six years between us , so we talked about girls and things . Strangely , his life seemed to be a lot quieter than mine . ' Plan A called for the pair to play nine holes but Neil got the bonus of a further nine as McIlroy decided to play a full round . Perhaps he had one eye on the weather forecast , which is dire enough to wonder whether there will be any practice rounds at all . The highlight of Neil 's round came early , when he holed a 90-yard pitch shot at the second for an eagle three . McIlroy could not stop laughing . Two weeks ago during a private practice session here , Neil had done exactly the same thing . McIlroy , who was also on a reconnaissance mission , was standing on the adjacent third tee at the time . ` Do yourself a favour Bradley , and do n't ever go for this green in two , ' said Rory . On the 18th , McIlroy finished in the style he will be looking for come Sunday . A perfect drive was followed by a typically towering iron shot that finished just 10ft from the hole and he knocked in the birdie putt . And so , late in the day , the attention switched to Tiger , where the crowd spoke as one . They were pleased to see him back . McIlroy hits a tee shot at the practice session at Augusta ahead of The Masters ' start on Thursday . McIlroy and amateur Bradley Neil -LRB- left -RRB- practice their short game on the green at Augusta on Monday . Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open and will be keen to return to form as soon as possible . EUROPEANS HAVE BEEN LEFT BEHIND . Perhaps someone will do a television mini series and call it Modern Masters Mysteries . Part one would be what the heck has happened to the Europeans at Augusta . And part two would be how left handers have managed to produce 50 per cent of the champions over the last dozen years while comprising barely three per cent of the field . When Jose Maria Olazabal collected the second of his two green jackets in such emotional circumstances in 1999 , it marked the 11th victory by a European in the 19 editions since Seve Ballesteros became the first in 1980 . There has not been one since . During this millennium , the Europeans have won four US Opens , produced five Open champions , while there have been four triumphs at the US PGA Championship . They have also won six of the eight Ryder Cups staged during that time frame . But at the major where they used to enjoy the most success ? There have barely been any serious contenders , let alone newcomers to the champions ' locker room . Lee Westwood was runner-up to Phil Mickelson on one occasion while the Swede Jonas Blixt finished joint second last year . That is it in terms of top two finishes . Why the dramatic shift in fortunes ? As Rory McIlroy pointed out , part of the explanation has to come down to the fabulous Augusta combination of Tiger and Phil , who have won seven Masters between them . Other than that , it is a hard one to fathom . As the successes in the other majors showed , there has been no shortage of quality . While the Europeans have been shut out , the left handers have prospered like never before . When the Canadian Mike Weir won the 2003 Masters he was only the second lefty to win any major -LRB- Bob Charles , with his 1963 Open triumph , was the other -RRB- let alone the Masters . Since then , Mickelson has weighed in with three victories before giving way to Bubba Watson , who has won two of the last three , making it six victories out of the last 12 . It used to be said the perfect shape shot for Augusta was a high draw but the lefties can better that since their equivalent is a high fade , and the ball always spins more and lands softer when the shot is a fade . When you are dealing with the fine margins that prevail at Augusta National , that is a considerable plus . There is also Paul McGinley 's geekish theory that the modern three-piece ball is harder to keep in the air when hit with a draw , thereby hurting the right handers at the Masters . My own theory ? Two left handers with perfect games for Augusta just happened to come along at almost the same time . Both have the power and the touch that is so vital to success in these parts . But when Mickelson and Watson are past their best , do not be surprised if we go back to the Masters being dominated by those on the right . Northern Irishman McIlroy hits a shot during the practice round prior to the start of The Masters 2015 .