Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen has warned that they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season 's Europa League . Spurs are sixth in the Barclays Premier League , which would bring European qualification , but there has been talk in the past that Europe 's second-tier competition does them more harm than good . Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives , though , and admits that the prospect of Europa League football played a big part when he decided to move to White Hart Lane in 2013 . Christian Eriksen has warned Tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on Europe . Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying for the much-maligned Europa League outweigh the negatives . The lack of Champions League football - which Spurs have missed out on since the 2010-11 season - is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players for clubs of Tottenham 's size , but Eriksen says missing out on the Europa League would have the same effect . ` Is it a factor when the club are trying to sign players ? I think so , ' Eriksen said . ` It certainly was for me when I moved from Ajax two years ago . ` I always want to play in Europe , to be seen on that stage or in the Premier League . It was a big chance and for me it was a nice thing when I came to Tottenham . ' Tottenham have been linked with Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin and Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko , and Eriksen worries that Spurs could have to lower their sights if they are not on the European stage next season . Mauricio Pochettino 's side currently sit sixth in the Barclays Premier League , which is enough to qualify . Eriksen says the lure of Europa League football was important in his decision to join Spurs back in 2013 . And while he admits that missing out makes finishing higher up the table easier , Eriksen does n't see many issues with the competition itself . ` I 'd rather play in Europe than nothing , ' he told the Evening Standard . ` There are many games , of course , but if you have a big squad as we have , it should n't be a disappointment to play in Europe . A lot of players want to be in Europe . We 've been fighting to get into the top four and we still have a little chance . Florian Thauvin -LRB- right -RRB- , the Marseille midfielder , is one player who has been linked with a move to Spurs . Dynamo Kiev 's Andriy Yarmolenko is thought to be another target for Tottenham in the summer market . ` Of course , it is easier to get into the top four if you are not in Europe . There are so many games and we have played more games than most teams in the Premier League this season . ' As it stands , the Premier League 's top six will all qualify for Europe but if Arsenal win the FA Cup final against Aston Villa that number would extend to the seventh-placed side . West Ham could also find themselves in the Europa League next season if they qualify via the Fair Play Table .