A father-of-three and popular radio host in Berkeley , California , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning . Wesley Burton , who worked at KPFA , was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury . The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot . Wesley Burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley , California , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning as he drove home from work . ` Help us regain our peace ' : Burton 's wife Lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's killer to come forward . Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures , but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home . The 36-year-old had worked at KPFA for 20 years , co-hosting the Sideshow Radio and After Hours music shows as well as working as a sound engineer on countless other shows . His wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police . ` We lost our rock . He was our stability , our strength , ' she told KTVU . ` Help us regain our peace . Help us get our answers ... our questions answered . ' She also works at the radio station and met Burton there 16 years ago . Burton had three children - Santiago , Enrique , and Samaya -- aged between 4 and 9 . Burton had three children - Santiago , Enrique , and Samaya -- aged between 4 and 9 and after growing up without a father his dream had been to raise his own kids . Wesley Burton , who worked at KPFA , was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury . An emotional Lucrecia explained Burton did n't have a father growing up and his dream had been to raise his own children . ` Making sure that they had a father and so he was very passionate about that , ' she said . A GoFundMe account has been set up to help Burton 's wife pay funeral costs and other family expenses . It has so far raised over $ 25,000 . Police are urging anyone with information to call the Traffic Investigation Unit on -lrb- 510-rrb-777-8570 . Oakland Crime Stoppers is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest .