An app which allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves has been slammed for ` making a mockery of violence ' . Scar Booth , which is available from the Apple iTunes store for 79p , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast : ` Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating . ' Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality . Scroll down for video . Disturbing : Scar Booth , which I tested out myself -LRB- pictured -RRB- , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies so you can ` prank ' friends and family , according to the app . BulliesOut , a Cardiff-based anti-bullying charity , hit out at Scar Booth via Facebook , stating : ` People have to live with real scars ... from self-harming , and suffer cuts and bruises from being bullied . ` This app makes a mockery of their injuries and what they have been/are going through . ' Adam Fouracre , founder of violence prevention charity Stand up to Violence , concurred . ` It 's a very negative thing about the society we live in if people think this sort of thing is fun or funny , ' he said . According to the app 's description , issued by its developer Appdicated , its main purpose is to prank friends and family . ` Load any picture and add virtual wounds to the photo , adjust the transparency of the image to make it look like it is a real injury . -LSB- It -RSB- will FREAK out just about anyone who sees it . ' Mr Fouracre , who launched Stand up to Violence in 2005 after his brother was beaten to death in a random , violent attack late at night , insists it ` glorifies violence ' . He argues : ` When people see these pictures they are going to be heartbroken and thinking something really is wrong . ' Not so hilarious : The app 's description reads , ` Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating ' Backlash : Anti-violence charities have accused the app of ` making a mockery ' of abuse and ` glorifying violence ' Appdicated founder Rory Boyer defended the app , stating : ` Scars and bruises do not have to come from violence and this app was created to prank friends and not to glorify violence . ' Although the app is not intended for use by those under the age of 17 , photos exist on Twitter of at least one young boy posing in his pajamas with the app 's injuries covering his face , captioned : ` My face has been injured . Help Me ' . And one iTunes review reads : ` I had so much fun mutilating myself and the rest of my family . I sent them to fb & fooled everyone . ' Mr Boyer insists that his company has not been contacted by a single anti-violence charity and says any concerns over the suitability of the app are ` very surprising to hear ' .