The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus . The school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression . ' That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper , the school 's vice president for student life , acknowledging that it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening . ` The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location , ' Harper 's statement read . ` We recognize , however , that some students are uncomfortable with the content of the movie , and appreciate that concern . It 's back on : The University of Michigan nixed an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face . The movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer Friday , but the university decided to cancel the screening over complaints that American Sniper portrays Muslims as villains . ` Therefore , the university also will show an alternative movie , `` Paddington , '' in another location on campus at that same time and date to provide our students with additional options that evening . ' The Michigan Daily originally reported that the Center for Campus Involvement has announced the decision to cancel the showing Tuesday in response to complaints by students about portrayals of Arabs and the Middle East in the film , starring Bradley Cooper as America 's most lethal sniper Chris Kyle . Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition earlier in the day after learning that a showing of the film was planned for Friday . Mekkaoui identifies as Arab and Middle Eastern and feels the film ` condones a lot of anti-Middle Eastern and North African propaganda . ' The student 's petition , which was signed by hundreds of people , described the Navy SEAL sharpshooter , who was shot dead by a fellow Marine at a gun range last year , as a ` mass killer ' and ` a racist who took a disturbing stance on murdering Iraqi civilians . ' Mekkaoui said that she had seen American Sniper earlier and it made her feel ` uncomfortable . ' She suggested that showing the film on campus could incite viewers to violence against Muslims . Not mincing words : Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui -LRB- left -RRB- started a petition saying the subject of the film , the late Navy SEAL Chris Kyle -LRB- right -RRB- , was ` mass killer ' and ` a racist ' Taking a stand : The school 's head football coach Jim Harbaugh responded to the movie controversy by tweeting that his team would watch the film . Instead of American Sniper , the school planned to show the PG-rated Paddington . The student center responded to Ms Mekkaoui 's petition by issuing and apology and replacing the R-rated film about the war in Iraq with a PG-rated children 's movie about a stuffed bear . On Wednesday , conservative campus group Young Americans for Freedom started a competing petition calling on the Ann Arbor school to show the film , reported Detroit Free Press . ` The movie ` American Sniper ' is not about a racist mass murderer or a criminal , ' the petition read . ` It is about a decorated American war hero who served his country valiantly . ` If the University prevents a movie like this from being shown , it promotes intolerance and stifles dialogue and debate on the subject ... As adults at a public university , we should have the option to view this movie if we so choose and have the opportunity to engage on the topics it presents to come to our own conclusions on the subjects . ' The school 's head football coach responded to the movie kerfuffle by tweeting that his team would watch the film . ` Proud of Chris Kyle & Proud to be an American & if that offends anybody then so be it ! ' Coach Jim Harbaugh tweeted late Wednesday night . The high-grossing blockbuster directed by Clint Eastwood was originally scheduled to be shown during a student mixer Friday . Now , American Sniper will be screened separately from the UMix Late Night event , ` in a forum that provides an appropriate space for dialogue and reflection , ' the Center for Campus Involvement said in a statement .