Lawyers for a high school honor student in Massachusetts say the teen is ` bewildered ' over the involuntary manslaughter charges against her following the suicide of her friend , as they push to have the case moved to a different county due to ` a conflict of interest ' . Michelle Carter , 18 , looked glum as she appeared in court in New Bedford on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III , who gassed himself in his truck in Fairhaven last July . During the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of Bristol County , saying it 's ` impossible ' for Carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim 's third cousin . However the the district attorney 's office filed a response arguing that the DA , Thomas Quinn , has excused himself from any involvement in the case . Scroll down for video . ` Bewildered ' : Michelle Carter , 18 , seen here in court in New Bedford , Massachusetts , on Thursday , is said to be confused at being charged with involuntary manslaughter over the suicide of her friend , Conrad Roy II , 18 , according to her lawyers , who claim she was attempting to help Roy . Hearing : Carter 's lawyers are trying to have her case moved out of Bristol County , saying it 's ` impossible ' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim 's third cousin . Pretrial : Michelle Carter appears for a hearing in court with her attorneys Cory Madera -LRB- left -RRB- and Joseph Cataldo on Thursday in New Bedford , Massachusetts . Honor student : Carter was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Conrad Roy III last July . Supportive : Parent 's Gail and David Carter have insisted their daughter is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by Roy 's suicidal talk . ` There 's no suggestion that DA Quinn and Conrad Roy III had ever even met , ' Assistant District Attorney Kattie Rayburn said . New Bedford Juvenile Court Judge Siobhan Foley heard the arguments but did not make a decision . Authorities claim Carter , of Plainville , texted with Roy minutes before he killed himself in the parking lot of a Fairhaven store . Police said Carter sent him a text saying ` get back in ' when he had second thoughts . Carter 's lawyer says no crime was committed . Attorney Joseph Cataldo said outside juvenile court that they will prove Carter was actually trying to help Roy . ` Taking all the texts in context , she tried to talk him out of it , ' Cataldo said , The Sun Chronicle reported . ` He caused his own death . ` She does n't understand why she is being prosecuted . ' Roy had previously tried to commit suicide over a year earlier and was battling depression . Video courtesy of WPRI . Accused : Michelle Carter -LRB- left -RRB- allegedly knew that her friend Conrad Roy III -LRB- right -RRB- was suicidal but rather than seeking help , she encouraged him to take his life in the minutes before he died last July . Last month it was reported that Carter told a friend : ` He got out of the car , and I told him to get back in ... because I knew he would do it all over again the next day ' , according toPeople . The magazine reported that in the days before Roy took his life , Carter texted her friends to say he had gone missing and she feared he was going to take his life . But other texts revealed that she was messaging Roy the whole time . ` Let me know when you 're gon na do it , ' one of her messages allegedly read . ` It is believed that Carter acted in this way because she was planning to continue to encourage Conrad to take his own life , ' police said , People reported . ` So as a result she was beginning to put together a plan to get sympathy from her friends , which was evident because at this point she already started explaining that it 's her fault that Conrad is dead , even though he was still alive and speaking and texting with her regularly . ' Police and prosecutors say the pair exchanged more than 1,000 text messages in the days leading up to his death in the parking lot of a Fairhaven Kmart on July 13 , 2014 . Before his suicide , Conrad told her he was scared and not ready to leave his family , according to a police report , but ` she continued to encourage him to take his own life ' , the Sun Chronicle reported . ` When he actually started to carry out the act , he got scared again and exited his truck , but instead of telling him to stay out of the truck ... Carter told him to ` get back in ' , ' the police report said . Tribute : In the hours after he was found dead , Carter shared this message to her Twitter page . ` Duplicitous ' : Three days after she allegedly encouraged him to take his life , she questioned why he had died . Before she was arraigned earlier this year , Carter shared this image of Conrad , adding : ` Really missing you tonight ' . She is free on bail but has been ordered not to touch her social media pages or text . His body was found in the truck after his parents reported him missing , and police found the text messages after looking through his phone . Carter messaged one of her friends nearly a week later expressing her fears that her messages to Roy had been found , People reported . ` I just got off the phone with Conrads mom about 20 mins ago and she told me that detectives had to come and go thru his things and stuff , ' she wrote . ` They read my messages with him I 'm done ... His family will hate me and I could go to jail . ' Even though Carter , who met Roy while on a vacation to Florida several years earlier , reportedly called herself his ` girlfriend ' , his friends and family said they never knew of the relationship . Friend Louie Pina , 19 , told People of the first time he saw her : ` I did n't even know who she was . She was just like a random face . ' After the death , Carter , who attends King Philip Regional High School , started raising money and awareness for suicide prevention and organized a fundraising softball tournament last September . Tragic : Roy had struggled with anxiety throughout school , his family said , and canceled plans to go to college . In a description for the event , ` Homers for Conrad ' , Carter wrote : ` Life can be tough , but helping others makes it easier . ' She later wrote on Twitter that the event had raised $ 2,300 . Carter has also repeatedly posted online about how much she misses her friend . ` Such a beautiful soul gone too soon , ' she wrote on the day of his death . ` I 'll always remember your bright light and smile . You 'll forever be in my heart , I love you Conrad . ' Three days later , she added : ` I will never understand why this had to happen . ' Her most recent message - written just two days before her indictment - reads : ` Enjoy the parade from up there tomorrow Conrad , I know you would of loved to be there ♥ Really missing you tonight . ' Carter , who was 17 at the time of Roy 's suicide , was indicted on February 5 and arraigned on an involuntary manslaughter charge the next day in New Bedford Juvenile Court . The high school senior was charged as a youthful offender , which means her case is open and she could face punishment as an adult if convicted . She is free on bail and is due back in court in April . As conditions of her bail , she is not allowed to use the internet or social media and can not text anyone but her parents . Her family have insisted that she is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by Roy 's suicidal talk . Bailed : Carter , a high school senior who 's on the honor role , has been charged as a youthful offender , which means her case is open and she could face punishment as an adult if convicted . In a statement earlier this year , they said she ` is not the villain the media is portraying her to be ' . ` She is a quiet , kind , and sympathetic young girl , ' they said . ` She tried immensely to help Mr. Roy in his battle with depression . We know that once all of the facts are released , our daughter will be found innocent . ' Conrad Roy had graduated from Old Rochester Regional High School , where he was an all-around athlete who played baseball , rowed crew and ran track , according to an obituary . He had earned his captain 's license from Northeast Maritime Institute and worked for his family 's marine salvage business . But Roy 's father told police that his son suffered from anxiety and had struggled to attend school , and that he had got into Fitchburg State University but had canceled his plans to go . • For confidential help , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .