Recorder Philip Cattan -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 65 , from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court . A Judge who fell asleep while a child abuse victim gave evidence and caused the trial to collapse has been reprimanded by his bosses . The part-time judge , Recorder Philip Cattan , 65 , from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer . A retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time , the Daily Mirror reported . While the jury was out of the room , the judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness , who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age . The incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the trial of John Quigley , which was expected to last five days . The girl giving evidence was the first of two young girls expected to testify that they were abused in offences spanning from 2006 to 2013 . The body that regulates the judiciary , the Judicial Conduct Investigations office has rapped the Manchester recorder over the incident . The Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice were quoted as saying they found evidence of serious misconduct following complaints that Cattan gave the appearance of falling asleep . The cost of the abandoned trial and the retrial is believed to have cost the taxpayer £ 10,000 . The defendant , Quingley , 49 , of Benchill Manchester was found guilty of child sex charges and jailed for 14 years . Leading criminal barrister , Kama Melly , who specialises in child sex crime , told the Daily Mirror , when the trial was suspended , that it is always devastating for a victim to have a trial delayed so long while an investigation takes place . ` This is no doubt a traumatic time for the family and this will only serve to make matters worse for them , ' she explained . The Lord Chief Justice Thomas of Cwmgiedd -LRB- left -RRB- and the Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling -LRB- right -RRB- were quoted as saying they found evidence of serious misconduct following complaints that Cattan fell asleep . Cattan 's role as recorder means he sits for up to thirty days a year as a judge and he has previously . He has overseen cases on gangland murders , the Oldham riots and major drugs cases . Judge Gabriel Hutton , a former senior judge at Gloucester Crown Court , fell asleep during the trial of Lee Woodward , who was accused of raping a 17-year-old girl on a riverbank in Sharpness , Gloucestershire . He was granted bail and a retrial was demanded where he was cleared . Judge Hutton , now retired , was ordered to apologise for the incident . Manchester Crown Court , where Cattan was seen to fall asleep during the the case of John Quigley .