Two former police officials who quit their jobs in Parma , Missouri , have revealed what they say are the real reasons they stepped down . A black woman , Tyus Byrd , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey , MailOnline reported earlier this week . Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won , according to multiple reports . Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen , Parma 's former police chief , and Rich Medley , the town 's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News . Scroll down for video . Speaking out : Trish Cohen , Parma 's former police chief , and Rich Medley , the town 's former assistant police chief , quit their jobs with the city . Tyus Byrd , who is black , was recently elected mayor . Cohen has said she and Medley feared for their safety , and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd 's family members . Cohen alleged in the interview with the news outlet that she and Medley feared for their safety , and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd 's family members . Referring to Byrd , Cohen told NBC News ` You ca n't have an anti-police mayor , and that 's the way she made me feel . ' ` My decision was not , did not , come lightly . At all , ' Cohen also said . ` It has nothing to do with race . If it had anything to do with race , I 'd done never went to work in the town . ' Medley told NBC News ` From the moment -LSB- Byrd -RSB- announced her candidacy , she never approached any of us , never advised us what her plans were or anything . Never asked us to stay or told us that the moment she took office that we were n't going to have a job . ` We were in the dark on it , and then in hearing from her supporters that she was going to fire all of us , might as well start looking for something else . ' Mayor : Tyus Byrd , pictured , has said she does n't know what the ` safety issues ' were and that she ` never said anything about cleaning house ' Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd was elected to serve as Parma 's mayor . Byrd , meanwhile , told NBC News she did not know the reason the city employees quit . She also told the news outlet she did not believe race played a role . In an interview with the media outlet , Byrd said ` It was cited to me that it was safety issues . I would love to know what those safety issues are . ` I wish we could have sat down and came to whatever the reasons were , that maybe we could have came to some type of agreement and understanding . ' Speaking to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , Byrd said ` I do n't understand . I never said anything about cleaning house . ' The newspaper reported that while speaking to the Post-Dispatch , ` Medley acknowledged that Byrd had never threatened to fire officers , nor publicly indicated that she would interfere with police . ' Medley told Daily Mail Online on Thursday , referring to the remarks Byrd earlier made to NBC News about wanting to have discussed issues together , ` She never made any attempts to talk with us during her candidacy or after winning the election . It 's very hard to believe someone truly wanted to work with the police department in regards to their concerns when no effort is made . ` Add to that the information we were receiving from her supporters about firing us when she took office . It 's not hard to understand that we did not believe we would have jobs after April 14th at 5p . m. ' Cohen did not respond to a message seeking comment on social media Wednesday , and on Thursday her Facebook page appeared to have been taken down . Byrd did not respond to a request for comment on social media Wednesday , and did not immediately return requests on Thursday . A phone number listed for the town 's city hall on its website appeared to in fact be a fax number when dialed by a reporter .