On loan Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez is ready to lead the line in their pivotal Champions League quarter-final second leg tie against bitter city rivals Atletico , according to AS . The Spanish publication reports that the 26-year-old links up well with Real superstar Cristiano Ronaldo - where in his last two appearances for the club he has scored a goal and created an assist . Hernandez , who is on a season-long loan from Manchester United , is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti 's side - with the club going through an injury crisis at present . AS report that Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez is ` ready ' to lead their attack vs Atletico on Wednesday . Hernandez -LRB- right -RRB- took part in Real 's training session on Tuesday as they prepare to face their bitter rivals . The 26-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- will be hoping to carry on his recent Real form at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday . Spanish papers preview that match -LRB- left -RRB- and Barcelona 's second leg against PSG on Tuesday night too . Regular first-choice forward Karim Benzema , who has 15 La Liga goals to his name this season , missed Madrid 's 3-1 victory against Malaga at the weekend with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from . Continuing to look ahead to the Madrid derby on Wednesday night , Marca leads with the headline that while Ancelotti deals with several selection issues at Atletico , ` There are no problems , only solutions , ' as manager Diego Simeone has a fully-fit squad to choose from . Meanwhile Mundo Deportivo previews Barcelona 's second leg encounter against French outfit Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night . Barca take a 3-1 lead going into Tuesday 's tie at the Nou Camp but face an opponent that will welcome back Marco Verratti and former striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic into their starting line-up after missing the first leg . However , Mundo note that the Catalan club are not ` fixated ' on the duo 's availability for PSG and will go all out to make sure they reach the semi-finals . ` Redeem Yourselves ' is the headline in French paper L'Equipe as PSG look to restore some credibility from the masterclass they were given in the first leg by Luis Enrique 's side . Over in Italy , the paper 's focus is very much on Serie A giants Juventus as they prepare to take on Monaco in Europe 's elite club competition . Juve take a 1-0 advantage to the French Principality on Wednesday night and Corriere dello Sport leads with an exclusive headline from Ancelotti wanting his former club to reach the semi-finals of the tournament . The Italian press preview Juventus ' Champions League second leg trip to Monaco on Wednesday night . ` If they eliminate Monaco it would be a boost to all of Italian football . Maybe they could face my Real ? ' , he is quoted as saying in the paper . Sticking with Juventus , La Gazzetta dello Sport focuses on the future of Carlos Tevez . The Argentina international has made no secret of his desire to return to his homeland and Boca Juniors in the future , and the publication reports that the South American club will make a £ 3.6 million bid for his services at the end of the season . And finally in Portugal , A Bola looks ahead to Porto 's second leg encounter at Bayern Munich on Tuesday night . The Portuguese giants take a 3-1 lead to Bavaria and A Bola reports that the 2004 Champions League winners are fully prepared for the threat of Pep Guardiola 's men - which could see the return of maverick winger Franck Ribery . In addition , the paper adds that Porto travel to the Allianz Arena without any fear . French paper L'Equipe -LRB- left -RRB- and Portugal 's A Bola both look ahead to their team 's chances in Europe too .