British banker Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment . Wearing the same black T-shirt and dark-rimmed glasses as in previous hearings , Jutting , 30 , returned to magistrates ' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests . The former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges . British banker Rurik Jutting -LRB- L -RRB- , charged with grisly murders of two women , sits in a prison van as he arrives at the eastern court in Hong Kong , on April 2 . Jutting is accused of the murders of two Indonesian women . His case has been adjourned for five weeks . But the case was adjourned until May 8 after the prosecution asked for more time . One-time securities trader Jutting , who has not yet entered a plea in the case , was attentive but looked tired . He spoke twice to say : ` I do ' when asked whether he understood the two charges against him . Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih , both in their 20s , were found dead in Jutting 's upmarket flat in the early hours of November 1 after he called police . Mujiasih was found in the living room , naked and with knife wounds to her legs and buttocks . The decaying body of Ningsih was found hours later in a suitcase on the balcony . High-flying Cambridge graduate Jutting is being held at Hong Kong 's maximum security Siu Lam psychiatric prison -- a walled hilltop compound on the outskirts of Hong Kong . Defence counsel Tim Parker accused the prosecution of `` yo-yo-ing '' for initially saying that they would need until July to present a case , then coming back to court , only to delay once more . ` It was an unnecessary waste of cost ... My client was forced to come here , ' said Parker , who added that the prosecution had sent the defence its committal papers - the case documents - too late . Magistrate Jason Wan turned down an application for costs , saying that it was ` not unusual ' for a complex case to take time . Once all the evidence is submitted , after being reviewed by both sides , the magistrate will commit the case to the High Court , which handles murder cases and where an official plea must be entered . In a city generally regarded as safe by residents and known for its high-end shops and glitzy skyscrapers , the killings were unusually brutal and shone a spotlight on the seedy underbelly of the finance hub . Police have said they were investigating whether the two women were sex workers after cocaine and sex toys were found in the apartment , just a few streets away from Hong Kong 's red-light district , where Jutting was reportedly a regular . But their distraught parents told AFP they believed their children had been working at restaurants . Mujiasih had entered the city on a domestic worker visa in 2010 , but that had lapsed in 2012 , while Ningsih came in on a tourist visa in October last year .