The say that imitation is the highest form of flattery , although Floyd Mayweather Jnr 's sparring partner Jeremy ' J Flash ' Nichols ' impersonation of Manny Pacquiao is less than complimentary . The Filipino meets undefeated Mayweather in a $ 300million mega-fight that has been branded ` the biggest bout in boxing history ' at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 . Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media with the latest being a YouTube video featuring his sparring partner taking on Pacquiao 's role during a mock interview . Floyd Maywether 's sparring partner Jeremy Nichols gives a mock interview as Manny Pacquiao . ' J Flash ' makes fun of the Filipino 's faith , singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo . Mayweather uses a -200 C kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training . Nichols mimics Pacquiao 's Visayan accent while poking fun at the 36-year-old 's decision to both write and perform his own entrance song as well as ridiculing the ` Pacman 's ' religious faith . The young boxer also takes a pop at Pacquiao 's mother by claiming her ` voodoo powers ' are the secret behind his success - so-called ` Mommy D' was accused of using Voodoo chants from ringside during her son 's victory over Tomothy Bradley in April 2014 . As a parting shot , Nichols refuses to refer to the fight 's date in normal English and repeatedly says it will be staged on ` May two , May two ! ' . The up and coming boxer has not had a professional fight yet but insists he is ready for the challenge of getting Mayweather in prime shape before the contest . Mayweather takes part in a training session under the gaze of a packed media audience . Pacquiao and his coach Freddie Roach take part in a similar training session In Los Angeles . The unbeaten US fighter gets a light massage ahead of his workout in Las Vegas . Pacquiao is so popular in the Philippines that he is featured on the latest postage stamps . ` It 's a blessing an opportunity to work with one of the biggest names in boxing , ' he said . ` I want to make sure he knows there 's someone ready to take over the 147 lbs once he gets ready to hang up the gloves . ` It 's a great experience and I 've learned so much - I 've switched my entire training regime around since I 've been here . This opportunity is a blessing , I ca n't thank him enough for giving me the chance , ' he added .