A 115-year-old Detroit-area woman now listed as the world 's oldest living person still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits God for her longevity . Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people . Gertrude Weaver , a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on Monday . Talley was born May 23 , 1899 . Scroll down for video . The world 's new oldest person : Jeralean Talley was born on May 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith . Celebrations : Jeralean Talley attends church as she celebrates her 114th birthday , making her the oldest living person in America , in Inkster , Michigan May 26 , 2013 . Talley was born in rural Montrose on May 23 , 1899 . Asked for her key to longevity , the Detroit Free Press reports that she echoed previous answers on the topic . ` It 's coming from above , ' she told the newspaper . ` That 's the best advice I can give you . It 's not in my hands or your hands . ' Michael Kinloch , 56 , of Wayne County 's Canton Township , is a GM engineer and longtime family friend of Talley 's through their church . He said Talley 's mental state is ` is very sharp . ' R.I.P : Just days after becoming the world 's oldest documented person , 116-year-old Gertrude Weaver died Monday . She is seen here on her birthday on July 3 , 2014 . Arkansas supercentenarian Gertrude Weaver , born in 1898 to sharecropper parents , died on Monday , after inheriting title from 117-year-old Japanese woman just last week . ` It 's unfortunate that other people passed away , but this has certainly elevated her , ' Kinloch said . ` She 's feeling no pain . She just ca n't get around like she used to . ' Talley 's husband died in 1988 and five generations of her family have lived in the Detroit area . In 2013 , her 114th birthday drew the attention of President Barack Obama , who said in a personal note that she 's ` part of an extraordinary generation . ' Supercentenarian : Jeralean Talley sits at the head table during a celebration of her 115th birthday at the New Jerusalem Missionary Baptist Church in Inkster , Michigan May 25 , 2014 . Kinloch said he 's looking forward to taking Talley , despite her advanced age , on their annual fishing trip . ` We go to a trout pond in Dexter , ' a community about 40 miles west of Detroit , Kinloch said . ` She really likes that . '