A finishing school for transgender women has opened up - offering participants guidance in how to move , dress and even speak like a lady . Le Femme , in New Jersey , offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine . The school was created by Ellen Weirich , who dedicates her life to helping ` trans ' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin . Scroll down for video . Ellen Weirich -LRB- centre -RRB- created ` Le Femme ' finishing school where she helps transgender females become more feminine . Pictured : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Allison Hannigan , Ally Maguire , Ellen , Antoinette Dickinson and Denise Smith . The finishing school aims to help both cross-dressers and those transitioning to adopt the airs and graces of a woman , here Ellen gives advice on improving posture . The curriculum , led by ` Lady Ellen ' includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels , how to speak like a lady , how to dress according to body shape and how to create a convincing cleavage . Other services include a complete male-to-female makeover - and the ladies often go out and about as a group to put their new look and skills to the test . Mother-of-three Ellen , who charges from $ 44 -LRB- £ 30 -RRB- to $ 400 -LRB- £ 270 -RRB- per session , has been helping the transgender community for decades . She helped her first transgender woman in high school after a male friend confided that he was having gender identity issues . The finishing school is held in Ellen 's home which houses a vast collection of wigs , make-up and clothes which her clients have access to . Pictured : Antoinette , who identifies as dual gender , before and after transforming . Allison Hannigan -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a wife who is extremely supportive of her and has been visiting Ellen for a year . Ellen first began helping transgender women in high school when a friend confided in her with gender identity issues . Here she helps Antoinette to apply makeup . Ellen went on to get married and have three children , then in 2005 she received another cry for help from a transgender family friend . Ellen says that she took it upon herself to help transitioning females become more feminine after realising that very few others were willing to . ` I noticed there was very little help available for transgender women who wanted to be more feminine . ` I had a good knowledge of transgender issues and felt like I could make a difference . ' Ellen says that it is an honour to have helped so many through such a momentous part of their lives . ` To help women who have suffered in silence for so long feels amazing and I 'm blessed to be part of their journey . Ellen off takes her clients on outings in order for them to practice their new-found skills . Ellen 's collection of heels goes up to a size 15 in order to accommodate her larger footed client . ` I 've dedicated my life to helping transgender people and I ca n't imagine anything quite as rewarding . ' The school - which is run from Ellen 's home - houses a huge wardrobe made up of a variety of outfits . To accommodate some of her larger clients , the dresses go up to a size 28 and a stack of heels range in sizes nine to 15 . In the make-up studio , ladies-in-training are taught how to apply , including tips on how to disguise stubble . Ellen says that it is an honour to be a part of such a momentous aspect of someone 's life . Here Allison practices her walk which Ellen says is the most difficult part of her sessions . A photography studio helps captures the results of the transformation and gives clients a souvenir of their journey . Ellen says that for the majority of her clients walking in heels proves the most challenging part of their lessons . ` One of the biggest challenges for transgender and cross-dressing women is learning to walk in a feminine way - so many classes focus on graceful footwork . ` It 's difficult because they learn to walk a certain way for the whole of their lives and suddenly they 're trying to change it - its takes a lot of practice and determination . ' One lady who has benefited from Ellen 's tutelage is 48-year-old Allison Hannigan , who has been visiting the finishing school for over a year . The eye application is said to be one of the more challenging areas for the women to conquer . The grateful client lives her day-to-day life as a man with a wife and two children - but visits to Ellen as Allison to learn techniques for putting on makeup and moving like a woman . Allison says that visiting Ellen has really helped her to perfect her feminine traits such as applying makeup . ` I have been married for 21 years and have been with my wife for 25 . She has known about Allison ever since we were dating and she is very supportive . She is everything to me , so are my children . ` The idea of attending Lady Ellen 's charm school was very exciting to me . She has done a lot to help me develop over the year I have been associated with her . ` I 'm having the eye make up application lessons and the female feminine movement lessons , which are great because eye makeup is the most difficult area for me to conquer - I think it is for most girls . ` I am a rather tall , large person so the feminine movements would be very helpful for me to try to perfect my look . ' Another of Ellen 's regular customers for the finishing-school makeover is cross-dresser Antoinette Dickinson who has been visiting Ellen for four-and-a-half years . Ellen 's extensive wardrobe of clothes goes up to a size 28 to cater for all shapes and sizes . Ellen helps Antoinette choose her clothes , create realistic fake breasts using ` breast forms ' and put on feminine makeup . Antoinette , who identifies herself as dual gender , says that dressing as a woman gives him a sense of freedom . ` The first time I dressed in women 's clothing I think was way back when I was a teenager I just loved the idea of hosiery on women and I thought to myself `` hey what would I look like in that '' ? ` One day I said I just want to get a fully fledged makeover and see what I look like as a woman and that 's basically how it happened . ` When I am in women 's clothes it feels great , its just such a release . It 's like I 'm escaping reality and just like you can turn into a whole different person . ` I would identify myself as dual gender . I am happy being both boy and a girl as opposed to different terms like transgender . ` When it comes to my friends and family I am what you call closeted so nobody really knows except for me and the girls that I associate with . '