Europe 's oldest McDonald 's worker has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues . Bill Dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in Mold , Flintshire , north Wales . ` It helps me stay young and I just keep going , ' said Bill , who has worked there for the last nine years . Bill Dudley , Europe 's oldest McDonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in Mold , Flintshire , where he works two days a week . Great grandfather and Second World War veteran Bill celebrates his special with fellow employees at McDonald 's in Mold . He joined the team nine years ago after growing ` bored ' pottering around the house . Wife Margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby Old McDonald . Bill 's special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away . McDonalds hailed the great-grandfather as ` a real asset ' to the team . ` I did n't expect such a nice surprise , ' Bill said . ` But I suppose it 's not every day that you turn 90 . ` I still enjoy working . I come here two days-a-week , which not only gets me out of the house but I honestly love it . Bill says his job ` helps me stay young and I just keep going ' ` Everyone is so happy and it 's nice to be part of a happy crowd . McDonald 's have treated me a bit and thanks to them I will be spending a couple of nights with my wife in Beaumaris . ' Prior to his current role at McDonald 's , Bill , from Connah 's Quay , served in the royal navy during the Second World War and was presented with the Arctic Medal by Russian premier Vladimir Putin in 2013 . Having worked as a delivery boy at a bakery before war broke out , Bill went on to work at Shotton Steel , spent time as a crane driver and also ran his own taxi firm . The restaurant was adorned with balloons and decorations to mark his birthday yesterday . Stewart Williams , franchisee of McDonald 's in Mold , where Bill still does six-hour shifts on Wednesdays and Thursdays each week said : ` Bill is very well respected and a real asset to us . ` He is fantastic with all the customers who love him . Some come in regularly just to see Bill . ` Bill is a great role model to our younger members of staff . He says they keep him young but he is a real character and an inspiration to everyone . ` We would n't want to be without him and he is welcome to work here as long as he wants . '