Salvina Formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness . She may be too old for a lot of things but working out is not one of them . Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville , west of Sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath . The 101-year-old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at Southern Cross Care in Merrylands . And there 's no sign of her slowing down at any time soon . ` I can now do 20 sit-to-stand exercises , ' she said . ` I feel a lot more confident getting up out of a chair , walking on uneven ground and walking to the letterbox . ' The Western Sydney Local Health District 's community-based program Stepping On is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling . Ms Formosa , who is a trained sewing teacher , has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking . The centenarian wakes up at 5 am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness as she lives a life with a kind heart free of jealousy and prays daily . The 101-year-old , who celebrated her birthday on March 16 , recently tripped over an uneven footpath . The 101-year-old widow now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week . The centenarian wakes up at 5 am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness . Ms Formosa has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking . Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health 's program , which began in 2012 . The free program runs for seven weeks , two hours a week in a community setting . It incorporates speakers as well as group exercises focusing on improving balance and strength . WSLHD 's coordinator Shayda Marek said : ` We 've seen an increase in confidence in a participant 's mobility , strength and balance . This has positive effect on in their daily life , mentally and physically . ' An evaluation report of the program showed that 70 per cent of participants improved their performance in balance and strength at the completion of the program . More than 83 per cent of participants reported changes in their behaviour since the program , such as doing more exercise at home , wearing safer footwear and reducing hazards in their home environment .