A make-up artist has applied her formidable skills to transform herself into a very seasonal figure - the Easter bunny . Maria Malone-Guerbaa , 41 , from London , used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes , wearing a red bow tie . The mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result . Scroll down for video . Make-up artist Maria Malone-Guerbaa -LRB- left -RRB- just used paints to transform herself into a bunny . The final result took three hours to achieve after Maria simply googled pictures of bunnies , picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face . She used her own brushes and kryolan paint , special dense , long-lasting make-up used by professionals working with stage actors . Maria began her project by painting a white base layer to create the shape of the rabbit 's face and ears , adding the animal 's eyes -LRB- below her own -RRB- and nose and mouth -LRB- over her own -RRB- . The sides of her face and forehead was then painted with black paint , to form the bunny 's entire head . With grey paint , black dots stippled over the top and finally details like whiskers , and the bow tie that is drawn from Maria 's neck up to her chin , the look was complete . Maria explained her inspiration for her rabbit scheme : ` My last couple of projects have been animal-themed so , with Easter coming up , it had to be a rabbit this time around . ` It takes me about three hours in total and I 'll stop every 20 minutes or so to take a picture of my progress . ` I just went on my iPhone and searched for rabbits on Google Images . You get so many then that you can just form your own picture . ' The final result has earned thousands of likes on Instagram , along with her other posts showing how she transformed her face into Jack Nicholson from The Shining , Stevie Wonder , a cougar and Freddie Mercury . Maria used only her brushes and professional kryolan paints to create bunny ears , bright eyes and a nose . She captioned the picture : ` I 've got #hare in my face ! ' She said : ` It 's amazing to see other people enjoying my work . I ca n't quite put into words how flattering it is and it makes the whole thing worthwhile . ` One lady even got in touch who 'd been inspired to try it out herself . That was the pinnacle for me : it was so humbling to think that my work had inspired someone else to do the same thing . ' Originally from Limerick , Maria says she 's always had a passion for art but only began doing celebrity lookalikes after she started face painting for parties for her children Sophia , 14 , and Adam , 11 . She posted pictures online and added the caption , ` I 've got hare in my face '