` Nurse death ' : Vera Maresova , 50 , has confessed to killing five women and one man at the hospital . A former nurse in the Czech Republic has admitted murdering six of her elderly patients with massive doses of potassium in order to ease her workload . Vera Maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in Rumburk - a small town in the north of the country . Dubbed ` Nurse Death ' by local media , Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August , but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation . According to the prosecution , Maresova injected the potassium straight into the blood stream of her six elderly patients , which caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually death . All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital and it is believed Maresova thought their deaths would simply be attributed to natural causes . Initially arrested last August for the death of one patient , a 70-year-old woman who died from potassium poisoning in June , Maresova subsequently admitted killing five others dating back to 2010 . In total her victims included five women and one man . ` All of her victims were elderly and needed intensive treatment , ' a police spokesperson said . ` The woman who was supposed to care for them but instead killed them because she wanted to make life easier for herself , ' he added . ` The terrible number of victims is six . We do not suspect the nurse committed any more murders ' ; , he went on to say . Confession : Vera Maresova -LRB- right -RRB- was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August , but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation . Sick : All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital and it is believed Vera Maresova -LRB- pictured covering her house outside court -RRB- thought their deaths would be attributed to natural causes . Location : Vera Maresova killed five women and one man over a four-year period at this hospital in Rumburk - a small town in the north of the Czech Republic . Prosecutor Frantisek Stibor said : ` She is not insane and knew exactly what she was doing . Therefore she is fit to stand trial . ` She used her knowledge of medicine to cause malfunctions in heart rhythms which led to heart failure and death . ' The first murder was in January 2010 and was followed by another at the end of 2011 . In April 2012 she killed her third victim and three more between February and June 2014 . Having confessed to the crime , 50-year-old Maresova now faces the prospect of spending the rest of her life in prison .