A new species of glass frog has been discovered with translucent skin so you can see its insides . The creature , named Hyalinobatrachium dianae , was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call . While most of its body is a brilliant lime green , like all species of glass frogs , the skin on its underside is see-though , making its organs easily visible . A new species of glass frog has been discovered with translucent skin so you can see its insides . Hyalinobatrachium dianae -LRB- pictured -RRB- was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call . The animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible . Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century , and reported their find in the journal Zootaxa . The frog was named by Brian Kubicki who discovered it , after his mother Janet Diana Kubicki to thank her for supporting his interest in science , Costa Rica 's Tico Times reported . The animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible -LRB- pictured -RRB- thanks to translucent skin on its under side . It 's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this strange characteristic , by its long toes and black and white eyes . The bodies of glass frogs are bright green on their backs , while their abdominal skin is translucent . This means that the animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are visible . The first glass frog was discovered in 1872 . They are thought to have originated in South America before spreading into Central America . Glass frogs are generally small , ranging from an inch to three inches in length -LRB- 2.5 cm to 7.5 cm -RRB- . They may look similar to tree frogs , but their eyes face forward , instead of sideways . The frogs are mostly arboreal , meaning that they live in trees and can be found along rivers and streams during the breeding season . Lead author of the study , Dr Kubicki said : Its advertisement call is quite unique ... It 's different than any other species that has been discovered . ' The study says the frog 's ` advertisement call ' consists of ` a single tonal long metallic whistle-like note with a duration of 0.40 -- 0.55 s. . . and a dominant frequency of 3.35 -- 3.44 kHz ' . It 's likely the frog uses it to find a mate in the mountain forests . Dr Kubicki said that the amphibian sounds more like an insect than a frog , which may explain how experts missed it during their extensive survey . The frog also measures just one inch -LRB- 2.5 cm -RRB- long , making it relatively difficult to spot among the foliage in the west forests and rainforests of the Caribbean foothills of Costa Rica where it was discovered at elevations of between 1,312 ft to 2,624 ft -LRB- 400 -- 800 m -RRB- . There are 149 known species of glass frogs in Central and South America , 14 of which can be found in Costa Rica . H. dianae stands out from the others because of its captivating black and white eyes - which look similar to Kermit the frog 's - as well as its long , thin feet . They have historically been mistaken for tree frogs , but there is a major difference -- in that their eyes face forward , instead of sideways like a tree frog 's . H. dianae stands out from other glass frogs because of its unusual black and white eyes -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , which are similar to those of Kermit the Frog , of the Muppets -LRB- pictured right -RRB- in that they face forward . The frog was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica in the provinces ofHeredia and Limon -LRB- shaded in pale green -RRB- and has a distinctive call . Scientists have discovered an aphrodisiac for frogs and fish . Added to water , a supplement has been shown to boost reproduction in frogs , fish , mollusc and roundworms - and it could work for humans too , Phys.org reported . Experts from the University of Hertfordshire observed guppy fish at London Zoo . When the fish were given a peptide , or short protein , they produced four times as many offspring in six months as fish that had not nothing placed in their tanks . Similar tests were carried out on brown mentalla frogs at Paignton Zoo , leading the endangered amphibian from Madagascar to breed for the first time . Dr Keith Davies of the university , who is an expert on nematodes , or roundworms , said : ` The supplement brought reproductive activity forward and increased the number of offspring by about 80 per cent in the famous soil nematode , Caenorhabditis elegans . ` What is suggested by our work is a biochemical mechanism of action that is conserved across the animal kingdom . ' The scientists hope to extend their research so the aphrodisiac can be developed for mammals and humans .