A leading holiday company has cancelled trips out to Nepal following in the wake of the 7.8 magnitude earth quake that struck the country leaving thousands dead . Intrepid Travel , who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year , have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11 . And those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip . Scroll down for video . As the search goes on for those missing in the earthquake , the British Foreign Office has advised tourists in Nepal to follow the advice from local authorities . The company confirmed to MailOnline Travel that their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe . ` While we are continuing to concentrate on the safety of our clients out in Nepal , we have decided to cancel all our trips to the country until May 11 while the rescue operation is underway , ' said a spokesperson . ` Safety is our main priority , and even after this date , we may have to recommend our customers to book to visit somewhere else . ` No-one knows how long the rescue operation will go on for , but in the short term we would n't advise anyone to visit after such a disaster . ' Intrepid Group has been running tours to Nepal for 36 years and has a team of local operators on the ground constantly monitoring the situation . Nepal 's capital Kathmandu -- with a population of over one million -- was one of the worst-hit areas in Nepal , with the quake 's epicentre just 50 miles north of the city . As the tremors intensified , people were seen in scenes of mayhem running from their homes and places of work in panic . Dozens of people were gathered in the car park of Kathmandu 's Norvic International Hospital , where thin mattresses had been spread on the ground for patients rushed outside , some patients wearing hospital pyjamas , while doctors and nurses were treating people . Around 1,000 tourists have amassed at Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu in the hope of getting out of Nepal following the earthquake . Jordan Torrilla , Nepal expert with luxury holiday company Kuoni has warned tourists what they should expect if they honour their trips to the Asian country . ` As with any aftermath of a natural disaster , there will be a frenzy , and it certainly wo n't be calm and tranquil ' , ' he told MailOnline Travel . ` There will be an atmosphere of worry , people will be doing emergency shopping , and obviously it would n't be a great time to be going out there . ` There are always times when people have to travel out to these destinations after a disaster , tourists just have to be aware of the people and what they will be going through . ` You are certainly not going to be number one , not going to be the priority . It 's important you have a deep level of patience as it will be very difficult for the local to prioritise you when they may be dealing with severe family issues and loss of life . ' And a spokesperson for Trailfinders confirmed that their customers scheduled to travel to Nepal in the next couple of days have been contacted and advised against making the trip . All 12 bookings they have out in Nepal have been accounted for and plans are being made to return them home . People survey the rubble of damaged buildings a day after a massive earthquake in Nepal . Meanwhile the Foreign Office advice is that British tourists should check with their travel provider before heading to Nepal . The importance of following local authorities ' advice as well as keeping an eye on news and updates has also been highlighted as critical for anyone who may have been caught up in the disaster . And the Foreign & Commonwealth Office -LRB- FCO -RRB- told MailOnline Travel that tourists should be aware that Nepal is always considered a country of ` high-risk ' of earthquake , and that their main focus is on helping Britons caught up in the disaster . ` We advise people to stay in a place of safety and follow any advice provided by local authorities , ' a spokesperson said . ` The situation is always changing , so it 's important to keep an eye on local news providers . ` Our general advice to anyone who is set to travel , or currently travelling , out there would be to check with your travel provider , and to make sure you keep abreast of the situation . ` We have a dedicated phone number that people can call if they have any questions at all about the situation , and this can be about outward travel too . ' The earthquake 's epicentre was Kathmandu , but aftershocks and tremors have been felt in another three countries . The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres -LRB- 50 miles -RRB- northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . The 7.8 magnitude tremor was the worst to hit the poor South Asian nation in over 80 years . Television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact . Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu has re-opened following the disaster , but with over a thousand people queuing overnight , the journey out of Nepal will be problematic for tourists . NDTV reports that a queue ` perhaps a kilometre long ' has grown outside Nepal 's only international airport , with many families having to go without food and water in the hope of leaving the country . A statement on the FCO website reads : ` The British Embassy would seek to help British nationals to leave as soon as possible following a major natural disaster . Around 2,000 people are thought to have died in Nepal alone , with hundred still missing . ` However , Kathmandu 's Tribhuvan International Airport -LRB- TIA -RRB- may be unusable following a large-scale earthquake , as will Nepal 's road network . It could take some days for it to become operational . ' A spokesperson for the Association of British Travel Agents -LRB- ABTA -RRB- told MailOnline Travel : ` Travellers in Nepal are advised to monitor local news and media reports and to follow any advice and instructions issued by the authorities and by the Foreign Office . ` ABTA works closely with its Members and with the Foreign Office to ensure the safety of any customers and staff affected . ` British travellers in Nepal or those due to travel should contact their holiday company who will help them with any concerns . ' Nepalese rescue members and onlookers gather at the collapsed Darahara Tower in Kathmandu ; tourists are now making their way to Tribhuvan International Airport in the hope of avoiding another disaster . Around 40,000 British Nationals are reported to have visited Nepal in 2013 . Foreign Secretary Phillip Hammond has said his thoughts are with everyone who has been affected by the natural disaster , and that the British government are in ` close contact ' with their Nepalese counterparts . ` The British Embassy in Nepal is offering our assistance to the authorities and is providing consular assistance to British Nationals , ' he added . This morning , a 6.7 magnitude aftershock struck India and Nepal , shaking buildings in New Delhi and triggering an avalanche in the Himalayas . The earthquake also triggered a massive avalanche on Mount Everest killing 18 people and injuring at least 30 climbers . There are also a number of climbers still missing , including a number of Britons . If you are a British national currently in Nepal and wish to inform the FCO of your whereabouts you should contact them on +44 207 008 0000 . This number can also be called for anybody who has concerns about visiting the region affected by the earthquake .