West Ham striker Carlton Cole says he ca n't approach Sam Allardyce about a new contract - because the manager does n't know whether he 's even staying at Upton Park . Cole 's contract expires at the end of the season and it is unclear whether he 'll stay at the club beyond the summer . But Cole admits he 's in no position to ask his boss about an extension with Allardyce 's future also in limbo . Carlton Cole attended a Football Fighting Ebola event with Nathaniel Clyne on Sunday . Cole 's contract expires at the end of the season and is unsure if he will be offered a new deal . Like Cole , the manager 's contract expires in the summer and it is looking increasingly likely he 'll leave West Ham . And the 31-year-old striker said : ` I 've not spoken to the manager about a new contract , I do n't think Sam knows what he is doing . He is n't going to be talking about my contract . ' Cole , who came close to joining West Brom in January before Allardyce pulled the plug on the deal 20 minutes before the deadline after his attempts to sign Emmanuel Adebayor failed , admits he is making contingency plans in case his Hammers career comes to an end this summer . ` I have been at West Ham for 10 years , I 'm trying to build a case to get a testimonial out of them but I do n't think it 's the right thing to be talking about right now , ' said Cole . ` I am trying my best to make myself a presence in the team , which has been hard for me this year . Cole has found first team opportunities limited in the second half of the season . ` We did go on a good run , but I felt in the last 12-13 games I could have played a bigger part , but the manager chose to go with someone else , so whenever I do get my chance I do do my best . ` I was obviously on the brink of going to West Brom but that did n't work out - hopefully something else works out in the future . ` I have got a few things lined up , just in case . I have been playing in the Premier league for 10 years so I have a lot to offer a team who wants to take me or if I stay at West Ham I have a lot to offer them . ' On the collapse of his move to the Hawthorns , Cole , speaking at the Football Fighting Ebola fundraising event , added : ` I had a chance to play first team football and as a player I was not playing regularly at West Ham , I 'm still not . ` Sam chose not to let me go . It was really hard at the time and we had a few words but these things carry on and you dust yourself off and carry on . I do like Sam a lot . He is an honest guy . Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about his future because the West Ham boss does not know if he will be there next season . ` He told me how it was and said : `` I ca n't let you go as I have not got a replacement for you '' . I said : `` Okay I will come back and try my best for you '' . ` It was 20 minutes to the deadline ; I was on the table with a pen in my hand saying : `` Where do I sign ? '' . ` It was one of those that was really frustrating . I am f-ing and blinding in the catering room over there . ` Sam said he needed me , but I do n't think he has . I think I have played 120 minutes since . That is football . Sometimes you do n't get what you want . I didn ' t get what I wanted . ` But I ca n't be bothered complaining . What has happened has happened and what am I going to complain for ? I have to do the right by me now and my family to try and get another deal . ` I am not going to be sitting there complaining about what happened last week . It is not going to help . ' To donate to #FootballFightingEbola visit : virginmoneygiving.com/FootballFightingEbola or text ` STOPEBOLA ' to 70030 which automatically gives £ 10 .