A notorious brothel at the centre of Australia 's first ever sex slavery case has gone on sale in a trendy Melbourne suburb . The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . The brothel , formerly known as Club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses including a ` business , bar , restaurant , student accommodation and any number of other options ' . The property even comes with a brothel licence , according to the advertisement . The brothel , which was also known as Fair Lady Studio massage parlour , is currently between a t-shirt shop and television repair company , Fairfax Media reports . In 2008 , the brothel 's owner Tang became the first person to be found guilty under Australia 's sexual servitude laws for forcing the Thai women to work at Club 417 . The brothel , formerly known as Club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . In 2008 , the brothel 's owner Tang became the first person to be found guilty under Australia 's sexual servitude laws for forcing the Thai women to work at Club 417 . She was convicted two years before for holding the five women as slaves , but it took the court some time to define exactly what constituted a sex slave . Tang was sentenced to 10 years behind bars . The women , who worked six days a week , were brought out from Thailand and were forced to work to pay off the debts incurred by bringing them to Melbourne . It 's listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses . The property stopped operating as a brothel in December 2013 and been vacant ever since . Selling agent Jim Dimitropoulos from Barry Plant Preston has indicated the price guide for the shopfront property is $ 1.3 million . The property at 417 Bruswick Street , Fitzroy will go under the hammer on May 1 . The brothel comes with plenty of rear access from its former role . The building and shopfront of the building on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy , which was was once owned by Wei Tang , who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . .