The world 's biggest bunny is preparing to see his heavyweight title challenged - by his giant son . Darius , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit . But his title is now being contended by his son Jeff , who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do . Scroll down for video . New contender : Jeff the rabbit , pictured with his owner Annette Edwards , measures 3ft 8in long and is set to challenge for the title of the world 's biggest bunny . The rabbits ' owner , Annette Edwards , 63 , from Bromsgrove , says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father . It costs her £ 5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples . The pair both also eat a huge dog bowl full of specialist rabbit food every day , and a bale of hay a week . Ms Edwards said : ` Although the pair of them are huge , they 're the best animal friends I could ask for . Giant genes : Jeff , left , is pictured with his giant father Darius , who currently holds the record for being the world 's largest rabbit . Rabbit fan : Ava Johnson , seven , struggles to pick up the monstrous Jeff as he is almost as large as her . ` They are both very laid back and chilled out - Jeff really takes after his Dad . Most rabbits like lots of attention and get on well with children and these two are no exception . ` They 're even friendly to other animals ! Jeff 's best friend is my other pet , a boxer dog called Kay . ' Continental Giants are the largest breed of rabbit and can grow to around 4ft when fully grown but Darius - who is officially four foot four inches long - and Jeff come from a bumper crop . Jeff was born after Ms Edwards introduced Darius to one of her other rabbits Sally - another Continental Giant who measures 3ft 5 inches . The family all live in her back garden but they are so big that they each require a dog crate that would normally house a pet as large as German shepherd . Annette added : ` Darius was always big but Jeff is huge considering he 's still a baby . I 'm expecting him to grow much bigger than his dad . Competition : Darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long while 3ft 8in Jeff still has six months of growing to do . Big breed : Continental Giants are the largest breed of rabbit and usually grow to around 4ft at their biggest . ` As soon as I think he 's made it , he 'll be measured by his vet and then Guinness will certify that he is the biggest rabbit in the world . ` Even though they 're so big , they are very low upkeep . They really do look after themselves most of the time . ` They run free in the garden during the day and at night go to sleep in their cosy crates . They never make a mess and actually would be great house rabbits . ` Although when they start to moult at the end of the summer , they need a good daily brush . ` And being the world 's biggest rabbit , and his son , they 've got a giant appetite to match . ` But it 's actually good for them to be eating hay all day long - to keep their teeth and digestive system healthy . '