Not all turtles can swim , said Florida wildlife officials this week after beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean . There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . ABC reports that while people were concerned that the tortoise hatchlings would get eaten by predators , tortoises are unable to swim like the sea turtle . Tortoise : Tortoises ca n't swim , said Florida Wildlife officials this week after people tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean to protect them from beach predadtors . According to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission , all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other . It 's important to know that you should never attempt to relocate gopher tortoise adults , juveniles or hatchlings if you happen to see one near a beach , ' the commission said in statement on Friday . The commission also said that one can tell the difference between a sea turtle and a tortoise by looking at the animal 's feet . Gopher tortoises have toes with claws on each toe and sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws on each fore flipper . ` To distinguish gopher tortoises from sea turtles , simply inspect their limbs from a distance : Gopher tortoises have toes , with claws on each toe . Sea turtles have flippers with only one or two claws present on each fore flipper , ` said the statement . ABC reports that gopher tortoises are protected by Florida law and sea turtles are on Florida 's endangered species or threatened survival list . Whether people see a tortoise or sea turtle , they should not interfere with the animal 's natural behavior unless they are a wildlife professional , said the commission . Sea turtles : Sea turtles are able to swim , but Florida Wildlife officials warn that people should not throw baby turtles in the ocean because they may be of a species that can not swim .