Women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted Australian serial killer Ivan Milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago , a new book reveals . The Milat Letters , is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey . Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992 . In the letters , he tells Shipsey about his ` fair share ' of ` sheilas ' , who write ` some frightening things ' - and one woman who has even proposed . ` Every month someone new writes ; the latest one was from Texas . She tells me she 's 25 , white . I ought to ask her `` why '' as she only knows me from a website , and there 's nothing nice about me on it , ' one of the letters reads . ` As you know there are a lot of wackos out there as well . A lot of them write to me at times . I tell you Al , there are some real crazy people out and about . ' Scroll down for video . Ivan Milat butchered and buried the bodies of seven young people between 1989 and 1992 in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW . Ivan Milat , 70 , was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW . He has been locked up in Goulburn 's Supermax jail for almost 20 years . Now , Shipsey , a 55-year-old former Rebels bikie gang member who has been banned from visiting Milat in prison , says he has released the book of his uncle 's letters for ` those who want to read the facts . ' ` I have done this purely to show how the system can vilify a person without giving them a fair trial or a chance to appeal to his convictions , ' Shipsey says on his Milat Letter Facebook page . The book 's blurb reads : ` Innocent or guilty ? ' and Shipsey promises ` you wo n't be able to put it down ' . ` They say he had someone or others with him -- but we will never know . He still denies his guilt in the brutal murders that were carried out in the Belanglo forest between 1989 and 1992 . He has been inside for twenty years now , ' the promo reads . The 55-year-old former Rebels bikie gang member has compiled the letters into a $ 32 book . Titled ` The Milat Letters ' , Shipsey -LRB- left -RRB- promises ` you wo n't be able to put it down ' . Ivan Milat -LRB- right -RRB- is currently serving seven life sentences . Some of Milat 's letters detail his correspondence with women from the United States , Japan and Australia in the years he has been behind prison bars , News.com.au reports . ` I get my share of women writing to me - some real good looking ones , too -LRB- if it 's their photographs they 're sending -RRB- , ' Milat wrote . ` For some reason , they all say they 're around 20 to 30 years old , though their writing suggests they 're much older . I 'm very careful of my replies . I 'm not real keen writing to the young ones . ' One woman , who has written to Milat from the day he was charged in 1994 , is Margaret , one of two women he was acquitted of raping at knife-point in 1971 . During his trial , Milat 's then-lawyer successfully argued that the girls were liars . ` I still hear from Margaret who is writing to me , though I think someone presses her button just to see what I say . This crazy sheila -LRB- in her 50s now -RRB- has been writing to me ever since my arrest and sending me weird photos . She is unbelievable , ' Milat wrote . ` I get my share of women writing to me - some real good looking ones , too -LRB- if it 's their photographs they 're sending -RRB- , ' Milat wrote to his nephew Alistair Shipsey , who has released a book of his letters . In one letter , Milat , a former road worker , told his nephew he thinks HenryVIII - who had two of his wives beheaded - ` had the right idea how to deal with women ' In another letter , Milat tells his nephew he has also been propositioned . ` Why they write to me is a puzzle . I often get letters , even had some crazy f. . . from Mulewa prison writing to me -LRB- I used to write to her in the past - she was doing a few years and got out but it lasted about three months -RRB- , ' Milat wrote . ` She started writing again ; in her last letter she asked me to marry her . I have n't replied yet . ' But Milat does n't seem to be particularly enamoured by the writers of any of his love letters . In one note , he tells Shipsey he thinks HenryVIII - who had two of his wives beheaded - ` had the right idea how to deal with women ' . Shipsey says Milat does n't like talking about ` sexual things ' . An extract from one of the letters from Milat , written before he chopped his own finger off with a plastic knife in January 2009 , affectionately refers to Shipsey as ` Al . The first two bodies of Milat 's victims were discovered on September 19 and 20 1992 , when two runners found a decaying corpse in the Belanglo State Forest . Police later confirmed the bodies were of missing British backpackers Caroline Clarke and Joanne Walters . Walters had been stabbed 35 times and Clarke had been shot 10 times in the head . The grim finds were just the beginning of a long and extensive search which resulted in the bodies of Australians Deborah Everist and James Gibson being found in October 1993 , followed by Simone Schmidl 's stabbed body in November of the same year . British backpacker Caroline Clarke had been shot 10 times in the head when police found her body . The decapitated body of German backpacker Anja Habschied was then found along with her boyfriend Gabor Neugebauer on 3 November 1993 in shallow graves 50 metres apart . Milat was convicted of the seven backpacker murders on July 27 , 1996 and for the attempted murder , false imprisonment and robbery of Paul Onions . He kept the shirts , sleeping bags , a water bottle , portable stove and backpacks of his victims hidden in roof and wall cavities , in what was described as an ` Aladdin 's Cave ' , in the house he was arrested in 20 years ago . First victims : Australians James Gibson and Deborah Everist , both aged 19 , were Ivan Milat 's first known victims after they disappeared in December 1989 and their bodies were found in the Belanglo State forest almost four years later . Simone Schmidl 's body was found in November 1993 . She had been stabbed to death . Boyfriend and girlfriend German backpackers Gabor Neugebauer and Anja Habschied were found dead on 3 November 1993 in shallow graves 50 metres apart . In prison , Milat has been a troublesome inmate , having planned at least one escape and swallowing metal objects so he could get out of jail . Other extracts from his letters , tell ` Al ' why he chopped his own finger off with a plastic knife in prison in January 2009 . ` I will send them parts of my hand first , I have been considering this for a while and only need half a reason to show them how I feel with their sh ** head ideas , there is not much they can do to me any more and at my age I do n't give a f**k . ' Milat tried to send his finger it in a padded envelope to the High Court . ` I do battle to cope with this sh *** y claustrophobic place , no windows , it 's like a cement coffin . I suffer badly at times , I think the walls close in , no air , it 's a real sh*t feeling , no I will never plead with the p *** s. ' British backpacker Joanne Walters , is another one of the victims of backpacker murderer Ivan Milat . Sinister souvenir : In this photograph police seized from the house of Ivan Milat 's brother William , the serial killer is seen carrying the sleeping bag which belonged to Deborah Everist who with boyfriend Jame Gibson was the first of Milat 's victims killed in the Belanglo State Forest . Alistair Shipsey says the new book gives readers the chance to picture what a prison cell ` does to a man 's mind over years . ' ` This is in his words not someone making a story up , he did n't know I was ever going to do this so there 's no lies in it , just facts , ' Shipsey says . ` You can read the way he lives in supermax in his cement coffin . ' On a Facebook page used to advertise the book , Shipsey makes his thoughts around his uncle 's imprisonment clear and blames the media for not reporting the real facts . He says no money from the $ 32 book 's sales will go to Milat because ` he does n't need it where he is . ' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Shipsey for comment . Australia 's worst serial killer Ivan Milat kept trophies to remind him of each murder . In prison , Milat , has been a troublesome inmate , having planned at least one escape , swallowing metal objects and cutting off his own finger to send to the High Court in an envelope .