In unabashed celebration of voluptuous women , a plunge bra with extra padding has launched for a curvy HH cup size . A first on the larger bra market , Tutti Rouge 's Jessica features removable cookies -LRB- light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra -RRB- to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph . Ashley James , who starred in Made In Chelsea , models the bold collection in a new set of images . Scroll down for video . The Jessica gives larger busted ladies like Ashley , who is a size E , the option of extra volume . The bra , seen before cookies , left , and after cookies , right , goes right up to an HH cup size . The £ 38 Jessica comes in a range of sizes , from a 28D right through to a 38HH - without , the brand says , compromising on support . It features a pocket which allows a cookie to cradled in the cup , sitting on the outer bust to push the bust inwards rather than upwards to create a natural-looking cleavage . Launching in July , the bra is offering ladies even more cleavage from D-HH cup . Jessica Prebble , Tutti Rouge Creative Director , speaks about the inspiration behind this innovative bra shape . She said : ` When developing Tutti Rouge collections , I take a snapshot of people I meet , clothing , fabrics , flowers & so on . ` I notice that women are now embracing cleavage more than ever , no matter what size their bust and so I created Jessica . ` This non-padded plunge bra allows you to turn up the cleavage with `` Tutti 's cookies '' and decide the volume . ' Ashley James , who starred on Made In Chelsea , models the bold new Jessica collection . Jessica is adorned with lace , framed by nude ribbon slot , a red rosebud and love heart sliders . The Jessica collection is a perfect day to evening choice as it offers a subtle cleavage and plunge for the day time and then pop in your ` cookies ' for extra cleavage . Jessica is adorned with lavish lace , framed by nude ribbon slot , a hint of red rosebud and finished with signature Tutti love heart sliders . What makes Jessica a world exclusive is the removable ` Tutti 's cookies ' which have been specifically designed to fit perfectly into a sling to gently push the bust in , for a huge range of sizes . The Jessica collection launches in July 2015 , featuring the £ 38 bra , the brazilian brief in XS-XXL , £ 20 , and a deep suspender S-XXL , £ 24 . Jessica will be introduced to Tutti 's existing continuity collection which features the bestselling lines Liliana , Nichole and Beatrice .