Humans may have been lighting fires since we lived in caves and dined on woolly mammoth , but now there 's 21st century way to create a flame . A new lighter uses electricity to ignite , and it 's claimed to be the first flameless gadget of its kind . The device , called the Illume ArcLighter , creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc and contains a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again . A bright idea : A new lighter -LRB- pictured -RRB- uses electricity to ignite candles and paper for example , and it 's claimed to be the first flameless gadget of its kind . Its inventors , based in Edmonton , Canada , are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal . Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the Illume ArcLighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . Flameless : Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the Illume ArcLighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . Its inventors say it lights in any direction and is rechargeable , among other qualities shown above . Safer ? Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the Illume ArcLighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . This means there is no flare ups -LRB- pictured -RRB- like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers . Illume ArcLighter replaces a traditional flame with a high intensity electric arc that focuses its energy at the tip . It does n't need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery . ` Simply place the Illume ArcLighter on its dedicated USB powered charging dock and it will be ready for the next moment you need it , ' the company says . ` When electricity jumps between the two conducting electrodes at the tip of the lighter , it produces what is known as an electric arc . ` The air between these electrodes becomes ionised , creating the brilliant visual arc which produces the high heat . ' ` When electricity jumps between the two conducting electrodes at the tip of the lighter , it produces what is known as an electric arc , ' the company explains . ` The air between these electrodes becomes ionised , creating the brilliant visual arc which produces the high heat . ' While the arc may be smaller than an open flame , it is much hotter , so it lights wicks more quickly and can be used from any angle . The company says : ` Unlike a regular lighter , there is no flame that can flare-up when positioned upside down . ` You can freely use the Illume ArcLighter in any direction . Even completely vertically . ' The lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy cover and a plastic body . It focuses its heat at the tip so it wo n't leave sooty marks behind . Convenient : The device -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a built-in lithium ion battery and comes with a USB-powered dock -LRB- also shown -RRB- so it can be easily recharged . The lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy cover and a plastic body . The device has a built-in lithium ion battery and comes with a USB-powered dock so it can be easily recharged . The start-up shows the lighter being used to ignite candles , incense , gas stove tops and paper as long as the material fits between the electrodes . The device costs cad $ 40 -LRB- £ 21 or us $ 32 -RRB- via Kickstarter including the charger and cable . It 's expected to ship in November . Durable : The device -LRB- pictured -RRB- , called the Illume ArcLighter , contains a lithium-ion battery and can be recharged , meaning that users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again .