Shannen Hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in Australia , not that she really considers them animals . The 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne , has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes . But her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language . Thanks to this Ms Hussein 's collection of creatures have become somewhat of an internet sensation . The young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets , but since a clip of Winter bouncing down her hallway went viral last year she 's sharing these moments with more people than she ever imagined . ` As long as I can remember I had photographed and videoed my pets but only until I started Vine , did I really start posting what I captured , ' the young woman told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for videos . Shannen Hussein , pictured with her lamb Winter , lives on a hobby farm outside Melbourne with over 150 pets . She shares all her animal 's wild adventures on social media . Here Kyah the bird sits atop Ms Hussein 's shoulder . Her lamb Winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral . Ms Hussein , 21 , cares for dogs , cats , sheep , birds , lizards , snakes , scorpions , camels and many more creatures . Many of her animals have formed unlikely friendships , like this pug Amani and piglet Ms Hussein raised . On her parents ' hobby farm Ms Hussein spends her days playing with , feeding , and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals . Her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals ' unique behaviours . Some moments captured include Winter bouncing up and down on the bed , him pushing Leo the cat off a chair , and then curling up with his feline friend for a nap . Winter also runs across the yard to Ms Hussein when he 's called , headbutts chairs , bleats loudly , and snuggles ducklings . Liz the bearded dragon can understand English and nods when she wants something to eat , while baby ducklings follow their carer around the yard when they 're called . Kyah the budgie likes to drink from water bottles , and Moey the kitten tries to attack his own reflection in the mirror . On her parents ' hobby farm Ms Hussein spends her days playing with , feeding , and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals . Pictured here as two bearded dragon juveniles keeping cool . Ms Hussein has a number of pet snakes , as well as many other reptiles . Her bearded dragon recently laid these eggs and later gave birth to her first little of babies . This tiny water dragon juvenile takes in his surroundings . Shingleback lizard 's also live on Ms Hussein 's farm , in Rockbank about 35 kilometres from Melbourne . Ms Hussein 's cats like to watch as she feeds the turtles , and Ozzie the emu which used to live on the farm liked to chase sheep . The young woman said although she does have other interests , much of her time is spent outside watching all that unfolds . ` In the warmer weather I 'm usually out the door and outside and spending time with all the baby animals , ' she said . ` In spring it 's the craziest , we have baby animals everywhere . ` There was a time where we had baby ducks , baby geese and even baby emus and they were following me everywhere , it was so cute , ' Ms Hussein added . Most of the animals on the farm get on well apart from the few that have to be kept separate , and some unlikely friendships have formed between many different species . ` We ca n't have the dogs with most of the animals , the cats are fine with all the animals except for the rabbits and the mice , ' the young woman revealed . This little baby duckling is just one of the small creatures which inhabit the farm . Ms Hussein 's ducklings and baby geese often follow her around and like to cuddle up to her . She said while it is her family farm , she is the most obsessed with caring for all the creatures great and small . This is the family 's camel Alana . Winter the lamb often features in Vine videos , running across the yard when he is called or chasing ducklings . Here an emu chick snuggles up next to a ginger cat . For Ms Hussein , a life surrounded by a whole lot of different creatures is the only one she knows , and she says it 's always filled with surprises . ` From a very young age I was taught how to care for baby animals and how to properly handle them . ` One of the earliest animals i got the chance of hand rearing that I can remember was a baby cockatiel which had been abandoned by her mum , and still have to this day , it 's name is Squeaky , ' she said . And while much of her day is spent filled with cuddles and funny moments , life on her farm is n't always fun and games . ` I spend quite a bit of time cleaning and feeding my animals , some of which need to be fed multiple times a day , ' Ms Hussein revealed . ' ` My parents are a big help and often help me with the animals when needed as well as caring for the bigger animals outside and their own pets . ' Ms Hussein also has two Akitas , Kumi and Rambo . Many little bunnies also roam the grounds , like this little guy celebrating Easter . A group of emu chicks pose for the camera , showing off their distinctive markings . Fredde was around the house as a pet kangaroo while the young woman was growing up . Ozzie the emu lived with Ms Hussein for many years before he moved to a wildlife park . This pond yard out the back is where many of the birds like to hang out , and where the turtles live . Some of the 21-year-old 's favourite moments growing up include : ` a pet turkey which gave handshakes , a possum that slept in my bed , different species of animals interacting and enjoying each other 's company ' . For years she simply kept all these memories to herself , but now she has realised there is a whole audience of people who want to share these moments too . One video of Ms Hussein 's lamb Winter has almost 40 million loops , and is still climbing more than eight months later . ` I was just so shocked at the attention my Vines attracted , I was only expecting to share my clips with a small audience . ' Vine is a video sharing app which allows users to post six second long clips . They can be reposted , commented on and views are counted in ` loops ' . When originally posted , the video of Winter bounding down the hallway of the house was shared by Taylor Swift , Ashton Kutcher , Ariana Grande and picked up by Ellen Degeneres and MTV . Winter the lamb runs across the yard to Ms Hussein when he is called . Miniature ponies also make up some of the residents at the farm . This turkey duckling is one of many which fill the fields , especially during spring . The young woman said she ca n't imagine a ` normal ' life without all her crazy pets . ` Famous people were retweeting it and stuff and I did n't know how to react ... I was numb , ' the animal lover revealed . ` It amazes me how much something so simple as a lamb bouncing down the hall can mean so much to someone else . ' Asked if she would live any other way , Ms Hussein said she does n't believe she could . ` I ca n't see myself ever living in a `` normal '' house without pets . '