Various types of renewable energy such as solar and wind are often touted as being the solution to the world 's growing energy crisis . But one researcher has come up with a novel idea that could trump them all - a biological solar panel that works around the clock . By harnessing the electrons generated by plants such as moss , he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere . A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock -LRB- shown -RRB- . He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival , which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries . His idea is relatively simple - by wiring up plants to an electro-chemical system , he is able to harness the waste electrons and energy produced during the photosynthesis process . And the results are surprisingly efficient . He demonstrated how a smartphone-sized block of moss could be used to power a digital clock . The Pint of Science festival is taking place from Monday 18 to Wednesday 20 May 2015 . It sees scientists of various disciplines give talks in pubs around the world , with topics ranging from the brain to space , that the public can attend for £ 3 - the ` price of a pint ' . Dr Paolo Bombelli , with his moss-powered clock , is one of the scientists taking part . This year more than 600 science evenings will take place in 50 cities across nine countries . Cities in the UK include Bristol , London , Manchester and Southampton . A full schedule can be found on their website . An A4-sized area of leaves - about 93 square inches -LRB- 600 square centimetres -RRB- - could charge four AA batteries in one hour on a typical sunny day . Dr Bombelli said his inspiration came from the movie The Matrix . ` In that movie , they try to generate electrical energy , power , from humans , ' he explained . ` And although it was a bit crude , the concept is actually correct . ` But there are perhaps less ethical issues if you take electrons from photosynthetic organisms than humans . ' The apparatus required is also relatively simple - cables , some water and a plant . At the moment , Dr Bombelli is trying to find a way to increase the ` flux ' of electrons emitted by a plant , making more energy available . ` If we can crack this , we can get a very large flux of electrons coming out , then we can build a biological solar panel , ' he told MailOnline . Dr Bombelli said his inspiration came from the 1999 movie The Matrix . ` In that movie , they try to generate electrical energy , power , from humans , ' he explained , shown in this image from the movie . ` But there are perhaps less ethical issues if you take electrons from photosynthetic organisms than humans ' An A4-sized area of leaves - about -LRB- 93 square inches -LRB- 600 square centimetres -RRB- - could charge four AA batteries in one hour on a typical sunny day . The ultimate goal is to develop panels that generate five watts per square metre -LRB- 11 square ft -RRB- . By comparison , a solar panel generates 150 to 200 watts per square metre . Dr Paolo Bombelli presented his research at a preview of the Pint of Science festival -LRB- left -RRB- . He is adamant that regular moss -LRB- stock image right -RRB- could provide an additional source of renewable energy to complement others that are available . For example , he said people could have one of these panels on the roof of their house to power certain appliances in their home . The goal is to generate up to five watts per square metre -LRB- 11 square feet -RRB- . By comparison , a solar panel generates 150 to 200 watts per square metre . The uses are not just in the home , though . Dr Bombelli said in regions where people do n't have access to energy , biological solar panels could be useful for tasks such as growing crops . People could be shown how to build the simple systems and , unlike solar panels which require technical expertise to fix , the biological solar panels can be fixed easily . ` To assemble one is not too difficult , ' he explained . And to demonstrate just how useful the technology can be , Dr Bombelli is gearing up to deploy a plant-powered system in London Zoo . A trap camera powered by moss will be installed in the next four to eight weeks , and ultimately the same camera could be used to capture images of animals in the wild . Rice farming is one area Dr Bombelli sees his technology being useful . It could help power technology in areas where electricity is scarce , possibly increasing yields . Shown is a stock image of rice paddy fields in India , one region Dr Bombelli said his technology could be useful . He noted that there are limitations : the technology is not very mobile , and its power output is low compared to other renewable energies . Nonetheless he thinks it could be part of a ` portfolio of renewable technology ' to generate electricity . ` We do n't really think the world is going to be powered by this technology , but it could play a role , ' he said .