Jack Grealish feels ashamed about inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon and has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake . Sherwood told his young winger , who inspired Villa to FA Cup semi-final victory over Liverpool on Sunday , that such behaviour could not be tolerated by the club . Grealish , 19 , was pictured taking so-called ` hippy crack ' , a legal high , after a night out nearly a year ago , with the image published in The Sun on Thursday . Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley . Raheem Sterling , 20 , and Saido Berahino , 21 , have been pictured doing the same recently and the PFA will look to increase their education to players on the risks of nitrous oxide , also known as laughing gas . Users say it creates feelings of euphoria and light-headedness but drug advice website Frank warns ` there is a risk of death as a lack of oxygen can occur ' . Sherwood said on Thursday : ` I 'm not pleased . I spoke to Jack first thing this morning as he came in , I explained to him his behaviour ca n't be tolerated by the football club . ` He did not come in here with the `` I 'm only young , I 'm allowed to get away with it '' attitude . He was very ashamed and does not like the bad publicity . He 's assured me it wo n't happen again . ' Grealish has not been fined over the incident and will be in Villa 's squad for the trip to Manchester City . He was given his first Premier League start on April 7 and has been integral to his side 's success in the past three games . The PFA have noticed a growing trend in the recreational use of nitrous oxide , and will look to adapt their extensive tutoring programmes on substance abuse . John Bramhall , PFA deputy chief executive , said : ` We 're working with Sporting Chance , delivering the message , and it 's a continuing process . It will change as different issues come into focus . ' The selfie , which shows Grealish and a friend , was taken in a hotel room after a night out , according to The Sun . Sherwood hopes Grealish can learn a lesson , not only about his choices but how such information can come into public knowledge . ` He 's hurting but he needs to stop hurting , ' said Sherwood . ` Perhaps a year ago when the photo was taken no-one wanted to know Jack Grealish but now he realises people have taken an awful lot of notice -- and he wanted that . If you 're a professional footballer you want to be noticed . Emre Can of Liverpool tries to tackle Grealish during their FA Cup tie with Aston Villa at Wembley . ` But he needs to get on the other side of the paper . I want him to forget about this by Saturday . I do n't want him to dwell on it . It only really affects me if I let it affect him on the pitch . ` As I said about Raheem last week , he 's a young man . Jack was even younger a year earlier when the picture was taken . But it does n't matter how young he is , he is now in a responsible position as a professional footballer , he 's got to make sure it wo n't happen again ; he 's assured me it wo n't . ` I 'm not worried . To be honest there is only one form of discipline , that 's self-discipline , that 's what really matters . Jack has to take that on board now . This is an eye-opener for him , he has to realise he has to be very careful who he can trust out there . ` I think he 's a fantastic talent , he 's willing to work hard at it , he will be a big player for the future of Aston Villa football club . ' Grealish , who presented an award at his cousin 's Under 12s team on Tuesday , has thrived on the pitch under the responsibility handed to him by Sherwood . ` The circumstances probably dictated that I thought , `` Why not ? Let 's throw the dice . Let 's get him in there '' . He 's not let anyone down . '