A mother accused of smothering her infant son inside a bathroom at a busy Midtown Manhattan restaurant reportedly told police she put the boy ` to sleep ' to spare him from being eaten by someone . Latisha Fisher , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon . Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year . Scroll down for video . Latisha Fisher -LRB- left -RRB- was arrested Monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz to death in a bathroom at a Manhattan restaurant . She told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son . The 35-year-old mother allegedly locked herself in the bathroom of 5 Boro Burger in Midtown where she was later found holding her unconscious baby boy . She was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing . Following her arrest for the murder of her baby son , the 35-year-old mother allegedly told police : ` I was afraid that someone was going to eat him so I was protecting him . I put him to sleep with my hand , ' reported the New York Post . Recently uncovered records show that Fisher was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt . She received a positive evaluation as recently as September , according to documents seen by the New York Daily News . Fisher was sentenced to probation under the Center for Alternative Sentencing and Employment Services program after Tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head , arm and ear . She had been taking medication to combat her paranoid schizophrenia after being diagnosed in the aftermath of the incident , according to the New York Times . The woman told clinicians that she had heard voices saying that her aunt was trying to kill her before the stabbing . In September a court-appointed social worker said that she was ` a poster child for an alternative to incarceration program ' and had ` adjusted very well to the demands of new motherhood ' . The report followed a July psychiatric evaluation where she was found ` stable and capable of remaining in the community ' . As Latisha Fisher was being led away from the 5 Boro Burger on Monday , she blamed the devil for killing Gavriel Ortiz and then trying to stop workers who attempted to resuscitate him . She was charged with second-degree murder on Tuesday . Witnesses said Fisher was emotionless after the death of her child . ` I would describe her as soulless . She put her hand over his mouth and smothered him , ' a police source said . A woman who walked into the bathroom Monday afternoon says she saw Fisher with her hand over the baby 's mouth , saying she was trying to ` make him go to sleep ' . Above , investigators inside the restaurant on Monday . Baby Gavriel was found unconscious and foaming from the mouth when restaurant workers broke into the bathroom . She claimed that she had put her hand over the boy 's nose and mouth to put him to sleep , police say . Workers at the restaurant became alarmed Monday afternoon when a line grew outside the restroom . When employees burst in to see what was wrong , they found Gavriel in his mother 's lap - unconscious and foaming from the mouth . A male employee performed CPR until paramedics arrived - despite the mother swatting help away . Unfortunately the aid was too late for the little boy who was later pronounced dead at Bellevue Hospital . Police immediately took Fisher into custody and transported her to the Midtown South Precinct . Marcus Comeau told amNY that he was standing down the block when he saw Fisher being led out of the restaurant by police . ` The mother was coming out in handcuffs , ' he said . ` She did n't seem too distressed , kind of had her head down . ' Recent posts on her Facebook page appear to show her going through an emotional period . ` How did everything change on me . I went to sleep feeling well , ' she wrote on March 27 , one day after posting a thank you to ` everyone for supporting me ' . ` With her attitude and her past , any little thing could have set her off , ' Fisher 's friend Brian Rivera told the New York Times . ` She 's good and kind until that button gets switched . I do n't know why they ever let her out again ' Gavriel was rushed to Bellevue Hospital but doctors could not revive the young boy . Neighbors say that Fisher 's older son , who has autism , was also mistreated . Neighbor 's in Fisher 's -LRB- left -RRB- Lower East Side apartment say she lived there with her boyfriend and father of her son Luis Ortiz -LRB- father and son pictured on the right -RRB- . She had reportedly poured burning oil onto a former partner 's head and previously tried to kill herself . Neighbors in the Lower East Side housing project where she lives said that she and her boyfriend , Gavriel 's father Luis Ortiz , had started fighting around Halloween . Other neighbors told the Daily News that she was ` violent ' and that they could often smell marijuana coming from her unit . Fisher spent most of her youth in group homes after setting fire to her crack-addicted mother 's sleeping boyfriend as a child . A relative said that the child welfare agency had been told about Fisher 's mistreatment of her own older son , who has autism , but a complaint was dismissed because of lack of evidence . She met up with her current boyfriend , Ortiz , in 2013 and had stopped drinking , only showing care for her new baby . However , after her apparent recovery , she had recently shown signs of strange behavior . Mr Rivera told the New York Times that he saw her in her room with candles and a book on witchcraft opened tot a section on ` sacrifice ' around October last year . She had also been meeting with a man known to sell drugs . ` She needs help . It does n't make sense . I think she was on medication for whatever problem she had , but I 'm assuming she was n't taking her meds , ' a neighbor said . Following Monday 's incident , family and friends started pouring out condolences on Luis Ortiz 's Facebook page .