That 's a wrap - Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney , with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens ' Call presentation . Now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , FEMAIL take a look back at the week , taking note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon . Some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag , other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model 's backs ... while a few were downright bizarre . Make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous . The week that was : MBFWA featured loud prints , metallic , intricate detailing in couture masterpieces from highlight shows Romance Was Born -LRB- left -RRB- , Toni Maticevski -LRB- L -RRB- and Steven Khalil -LRB- middle R -RRB- ... and some very different beauty looks and trends we wo n't try in real life -LRB- R -RRB- . Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo . Skin is definitely in - flimsy , sheer fabrics were a fixture on the catwalk , with the front row receiving an eyeful as breasts , backsides and everything else were put on display beneath see-through mesh and lace designs . A key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling - both Akira Isogawa and Bondi Bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces . Meanwhile eyebrow-raising head wear frequently outshone the designs on parade - from perspex masks made to look like plastic bags blowing in the wind , to giant animal heads , and Ned Kelly-inspired head pieces . METALLICS . Shine on : Maticevski -LRB- left -RRB- , Ginger & Smart -LRB- middle -RRB- , and Johanna Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- wowed with metallic golds and bronzes . Metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk . Head-to-toe gold dazzled at Toni Maticevski , while Johanna Johnson showed full-length skirts . Ginger & Smart 's bronze dresses were favourites for their wear-ability off the catwalk . VOLUMINOUS SILHOUETTES . Big is better : Toni Maticevski -LRB- left -RRB- , Ellery -LRB- middle -RRB- , and Michael Lo Sordo -LRB- right -RRB- all presented voluminous silhouettes . The future is now : Contemporary styles by Maticevski -LRB- left and right -RRB- and Romance Was Born -LRB- middle -RRB- were masterpieces of design , wearability is questionable . Big is better - silhouettes went super-sized at many of the highlight shows . Maticevski , Romance Was Born , Ellery and Michael Lo Sordo all presented billowing , voluminous gowns . SLOUCHY COMFORT . Pyjama party : Laid-back , slouchy silhouettes featured in the -LRB- L-R -RRB- Haryono Setiadi , Gary Bigeni , Tome , and Serpent & The Swan shows will make for a comfortable season . Next season looks to be a comfortable one . As well as the oversized evening wear being showcased , ready-to-wear separates were inspired by bedtime . Haryono Setiadi , Gary Bigeni , Tome , and Serpent & The Swan all presented slouchy , pyjama-style ensembles . COUTURE CREATIONS . Dazzling : Couture creations made a splash - our favourites were seen at -LRB- L-R -RRB- Galanni , Steven Khalil , and Johanna Johnson . Masterpiece : Betty Tran on Thursday night presented a show-stopping gown . Heavenly show-stopping masterpieces were highlights of the week , with intricate hand-sewn embellishments , fringing , feathers , and sheer fabrics key trends . Johanna Johnson closed the week with a number of beautiful creations , while Steven Khalil , Betty Tran and Galanni also sent incredibly couture down the runway . WE SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU . Peekaboo : Marriam Seddiq -LRB- left -RRB- , Any Step , -LRB- middle -RRB- , and Johanna Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- gave the front row an eyeful with their revealing designs . Sheer delight : Delicate sheer fabrics left little to the imagination at Mariam Seddiq -LRB- left -RRB- , Kate Sylvester -LRB- middle -RRB- , and Johanna Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- . Things got a little cheeky mid-week , particularly amongst the up-and-coming designers , who strived to stand out during the New Generation and Raffles Showcase presentations . Marriam Seddiq during the St George New Generation show and Any Step during the Raffles International Showcase in particular had the front row blushing , with their see-through creations that put models ' bodies on full display . The Any Step show stood out for its bondage-style dress made of only leather straps and buckles . GLADIATORS ARE BACK . Lace it up : Bec & Bridge -LRB- left -RRB- , CS Edit X Kirrily Johnston -LRB- middle -RRB- , and Daniel Avakian -LRB- right -RRB- all showed knee-high Gladiator sandals . Oh , hello 2008 . Your favourite footwear trend is back again . Bec & Bridge and Daniel Akavian accessorised their wares with very similar Gladiator-style lace-up sandals , while the CS Edit X Kirrily Johnston show presented the same in metallic gold . BIZARRE ` BEAUTY ' Do n't try this at home : One Fell Swoop -LRB- left -RRB- , Akira Isogawa -LRB- middle -RRB- , and Dyspnea -LRB- right -RRB- tried out some interesting hair and beauty styles that we wo n't be trying in real life . The beauty looks of the week were met with some head scratching . ` Ugly ' beauty , and unusual trends including sequinned faces are styles best left on the catwalk . Hair was repeatedly slicked down , while some hair designers got crafty , creating ` origami ' influenced hair style and sectioning off strands of hair to create unique designs -LRB- pictured at Dyspnea -RRB- . ACCESSORISE THIS . Hats off to you : Blue Glue Bikinis -LRB- left -RRB- , Vanessa Moe -LRB- middle -RRB- and Romance Was Born -LRB- right -RRB- were in the headlines for their out-there headwear on the runway which included oversized animal heads , perspex masks , and Ned Kelly-inspired headpieces . One-sided : Both Ellery -LRB- left and right -RRB- and Gail Sorronda -LRB- middle -RRB- sent models out sporting circular ear pieces on one side . Accessories threatened to overshadow the designs they were intended to complement . Blue Glue Bikinis sent models down the runway wearing oversized animal heads , Vanessa Moe 's plastic face masks were a unique touch , while Romance Was Born 's quirkiest inclusion in their Australiana-themed presentation was a Ned Kelly-inspired head piece . Both Ellery and Gail Sorronda 's models sported circular ear pieces or earrings on one side only . STRONG IS THE NEW SKINNY . Sporty : We Are Handsome made headlines for casting fitness influences instead of regular models for their show -LRB- left and right -RRB- , while Bec & Bridge 's debut Swim line show featured healthier models -LRB- middle -RRB- . The We Are Handsome show made headlines when design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers chose to cast fitness influencers rather than traditional models in their shows . Lindy Klim , along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk , Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett , and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp , wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses and modelled the brand 's new Activewear range . SPECTACULAR SETTINGS . Unique : The iconic Icebergs pool was drained on Thursday to create a spectacular seaside catwalk for Ten Pieces . Australiana : The Art Gallery of NSW was transformed into a colourful floral setting for the Romance Was Born show . Moving : The Ellery show featured a performance by the Australian Ballet . While most of the shows took place at the Carriageworks venue in Eveleigh , a few designers went rogue , putting on shows in a more spectacular fashion with elaborate sets , locations and stunts . Ellery 's opening show featured a performance by the Australian Ballet and Romance Was Born were typically stand-out with their floral setting inside the Art Gallery of New South Wales . But the nod for most scenic setting was Ten Pieces on Thursday , who drained the iconic Icebergs pool to create a stunning seaside catwalk overlooking Bondi . MAKING HEADLINES . Making news : Someone with sticky fingers stole THREE of the tablets gifted to the front row at Maticevski -LRB- left -RRB- , while the fashion crowd followed in the footsteps of Kimye and the Beckhams by bringing children to the shows -LRB- right -RRB- . Highlights and headaches : The opening show on Sunday night by Ellery kicked off proceedings with Gemma Ward 's triumphant return to the catwalk -LRB- left -RRB- , but angered a local man who interrupted the catwalk show to complain about the noise -LRB- right -RRB- . The primarily smooth-running week was interrupted on a few occasions which grabbed our attention . Opening night at Ellery got off to a dramatic start , with the audience witnessing the return to the catwalk by home-grown supermodel Gemma Ward . The night took a turn , though , when a disgruntled neighbour stormed the stage complaining about the racket . Australian fashion insiders copied the Beckhams and Kim Kardashian by turning up to the shows with their children in tow , while someone with sticky fingers stole three tablet worth $ 899 that were intended for front row guests .