Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from England duty and hopes to see a big improvement when Spurs face Newcastle . Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham , and is just one away from becoming their first player since Gary Lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season . The England forward has been nominated for both PFA Player of the Year and PFA Young Player of the Year . England call-up hurt the form of Harry Kane , according to his Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino . Pochettino believes that midfielder Ryan Mason has also been affected by the call-up . Mason has been one of the best young midfielders in England this season and has burst on to the international scene in his first full season in the top flight . But since being called into Roy Hodgson 's squad for the first time for the games against Lithuania and Italy , the duo have been well below their best as Spurs slumped to a goalless draw against Burnley and a shock 1-0 home defeat against Aston Villa last weekend . Pochettino said : ` When players get their first call-up , they try to show they are good enough and try to impress the national manager , and because they are over-motivated they expend a lot of energy . ` When you come back to the team , the consequence is that for two or three weeks you are a little bit down . It is normal and this happened at Southampton too . ` I remember that we were third in the table and we went to play against Arsenal in November . If we won , with three points we 'd have been first in the table . The performance was n't good . Why ? Because we 'd spent a lot of energy and it was difficult to keep our focus on the normal life . Pochettino hopes the pair can improve their standard of recent performances against Newcastle . Kane scored on his England debut after coming on as a substitute against Lithuania at Wembley last month . ` I remember my first call-up for Argentina against Holland . I was up on a cloud for a month after it because it was unbelievable to play for the national team . When I got back to Espanyol it was difficult . I 'd been away for 15 days with my national team and I came back and I said , `` Oh , but now I play with Redondo , Batistuta ... '' You feel like a superstar and then you have to go back to Espanyol . ' Meanwhile , Pochettino has told supporters to judge him on where Tottenham finish next season . He added : ` This season was one of transition . We brought a lot of young players , we got to a cup final at Wembley . Next season we need to build a team to fight for the top four . '