In the United States , women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make -- and a new pop-up shop in Pennsylvania is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap in order to charge its female customers lower prices than its male visitors . Pittsburgh-based pop-up store , Less Than 100 , has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap , meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full . More active protest than business venture , Less Than 100 is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes . Scroll down for video . Woman 's worth : Elana Schlenker has opened a pop-up shop in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania where women are charged only 76 per cent as much as men in order to highlight the problem of wage inequality . ` It 's incredible how deeply unconscious biases still permeate the ways in which we perceive -LRB- and value -RRB- women versus men , ' owner Elana Schlenker told Refinery29 . ` I hope the shop 's pricing helps to underscore this inherent unfairness and to create space for people to consider why the wage gap still exists . ' Ms. Schlenker can afford the gender-conscious pricing because her shop is n't aiming to make money ; all sales from the ceramics , textiles , publications , art prints , and stationery sole will go back to the female artists who made them . ` This is a small way that I can do something about -LSB- the pay gap -RSB- , and I think many of the artists involved are coming from a similar place , ' Ms. Schlenker added . Price adjustment : Less Than 100 sells ceramics , art , and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers . In addition to adjusting its prices , Less Than 100 is also holding events promoting wage equality at the pop-up space , including one for April 14 's Equal Pay Day , which represents how far into the year a woman must work to earn as much as her male counterpart did the previous year . Ms. Schlenker said she is concerned that women are undervalued in the workplace and underrepresented in executive positions and wants to draw attention to the problem through this venture , and added that she 's been excited about how much support her shop has received . ` Everyone that 's walked in , from women to men , has said `` I love this idea '' , ' she told WPIX . ` Women are worth what men are worth , of course , and just that community that 's sprung up around this has been amazing . ' She has also reached out to local organizations for grants to help maintain the pop-up shop , which will be open in Pittsburgh for the entire month of April . Ladies pay less : At the original location , women pay 76 per cent ; in New Orleans this fall , women will pay 66 per cent , since women in Louisiana make even less compared to men than women in Pennsylvania . Fans of the idea who want to get in on the action but do n't live in Pennsylvania can continue to check in on the organization 's website , as Ms. Schlenker intends to travel with the shop , changing prices everywhere she goes to reflect the local pay gap . She will be re-opening the the store in New Orleans this fall , where prices for female shoppers will drop even more to 66 per cent of the original retail value , corresponding with Louisiana 's pay cap . Male customers will continue to pay 100 per cent of the price for items like a $ 224 pitcher , which costs $ 195 for female customers in Pittsburgh , and a $ 120 Gamma Folk necklace , for which women this month are charged $ 92 .