Palermo defender Roberto Vitiello hopes the Sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form on the road starting on Sunday at Udinese . The Islanders have not tasted victory away from home since November 2 when they won 2-0 at AC Milan . Mired in a three-game losing streak following last weekend 's 2-1 defeat at home to Milan , Palermo are in 11th place and feeling a sense of urgency to turn things around . Roberto Vitiello -LRB- left -RRB- feels his side need to start winning away from home and ending their poor record . ` We need to keep working hard in order to defend our Serie A status as soon as possible , ' Vitiello said to the Italian press . ` We are disappointed not to have collected anything from our last three league games . ` But we must bounce back . Sunday 's game at Udinese is important and we will give our all to clinch our second win on the road this season in Friuli . ' Palermo , coached by Giuseppe Iachini , have picked up just two points in their last six league games . Udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of Palermo . Mattia Destro -LRB- right -RRB- fights for the ball with Vitiello during the Italian Serie A football match Palermo vs Milan . After falling victim to bottom-side Parma in midweek , the Friuli side are vulnerable in their own stadium . Udinese have not won in their last four games and coach Andrea Stramaccioni is desperate for a positive reaction from his players . ` Against Parma , we had the wrong approach to the game , ' he said . ` My players underestimated Parma and we paid the price . ` We lacked determination and did n't take a shot on goal . ` Now we must turn the page immediately and show against Palermo , the real Udinese . ' Udinese were beaten by bottom-side Udinese last time out as they slip closer to the relegation zone . Udinese have struggled to deliver at home and have mustered just one win in their last nine games at Friuli stadium . The hosts must overcome the absence of defender Ivan Piris and midfielder Giampiero Pinzi , both serving a one-match ban . Palermo are without midfielder Edgar Barreto , who is sidelined for three weeks with a muscular injury . Argentinian forward Paulo Dybala , who is Palermo 's top scorer with 13 goals , will lead the Rossaneri 's attack on Sunday with Franco Vazquez playing in support . Highly-coveted forward Paulo Dybala will lead the line for Palermo as they look to pick up three points .