Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another independence vote , a new survey has revealed . The idea of having another referendum on Scotland 's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters . It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections . Scroll down for video . Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was campaigning in Aberdeen today ahead of a second TV debate tonight . When questioned on the issue in last night 's Scottish leaders TV debate , Ms Sturgeon insisted an SNP victory in the General Election would not trigger another referendum . But she added it was ` another matter ' whether a vote for her party in the 2016 Holyrood elections would bring about a second vote on independence . Ms Sturgeon has also vehemently criticised David Cameron 's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe . But a poll by Ipsos Mori for BBC Scotland reveals that a referendum on the UK 's membership of the European Union was more popular with voters north of the border than another independence ballot . More than 1,000 adults were questioned for the research , with pollsters asking them to give various issues a score of between one and 10 , depending on how important these were to them . A score of one meant a policy should not be implemented while 10 was taken to mean it should be put into action immediately . In last night 's TV showdown with the Scottish leaders of Labour , the Tories and Lib Dems , Mr Sturgeon refused to rule out a second independence vote before 2020 . Ms Sturgeon has vehemently criticised David Cameron 's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe . The most popular policy was increasing the minimum wage for those aged over 21 , which was given a score of 8.2 . Giving the Scottish Parliament power over all welfare benefits was eighth most popular , with a score of 7.1 , while transferring full responsibility for income tax to Holyrood came 10th on the list at 6.8 . Holding another independence referendum by 2020 was given a score of 5.6 , compared to 6.1 for a referendum on remaining in the EU . Scottish National Party election campaign director Angus Robertson insisted the poll showed support for his party 's main policies . He said : ` This is a very welcome poll - it demonstrates that the people of Scotland share our view that the Westminster parties are not delivering on their referendum vow , and want far more power for Scotland . ` Electing a strong team of SNP MPs in May is the only way to ensure that Scotland gets the power we need to build social justice and economic prosperity . ' Scotland 's political leaders , from left to right , Tory Ruth Davidson , Labour 's Jim Murphy , the SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon and Liberal Democrat Willie Rennie faced off in a live TV election debate last night . Overall , Scots prefer more public spending ahead of paying off the deficit -- but also favour the Government 's welfare cap . However , there is also widespread support for a Mansion Tax and an increase in the top rate of income tax to 50p . Mark Diffley , Director , Ipsos MORI Scotland said : ` The poll gives a clear steer about where the economic priorities for voters in Scotland lie . ` Broadly , Scots want to see measures to improve the standard of living , particularly a higher minimum wage , rises in pensions and lower energy bills . ` There is also a preference for higher targeted public spending even if that means the deficit is not eliminated in the next five years and targeted tax increases for those with the greatest income and wealth . '