Second-placed Preston 's quest to join Bristol City in the Championship was dented after they were held to a 2-2 draw against Gillingham , who grabbed an equaliser in stoppage time through Leon Legge . Jermaine Beckford 's 10th goal in his past 19 appearances and Callum Robinson 's effort had put North End two goals up , but Jermaine McGlashan and Legge left the Deepdale faithful despondent . Across Lancashire , MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson 's men to three points as Lewis Baker , Will Grigg and Dele Alli were on target in the 3-0 victory over Fleetwood . Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as Preston were held 2-2 by Gillingham . Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at Rochdale , who have still never beaten the Robins at Spotland . A hat-trick from Ben Gladwin and Michael Smith 's strike had put Swindon 4-0 ahead before Ian Henderson 's penalty and Nathan Thompson 's own goal prevented the hosts from suffering a thrashing . Dale fell seven points behind Chesterfield as they strengthened their grip on the final play-off spot by hammering Colchester 6-0 . Gary Roberts and Sam Clucas both claimed doubles and Dan Gardner and Jimmy Ryan also found the net to give the Spireites breathing room in sixth position . At the other end of the table , Crewe were the only one of the sides on 47 points to pick up anything , with a 1-1 draw at Peterborough enough to move them out of the bottom four . Lauri Dalla Valle 's goal had put the Alex ahead before Conor Washington 's equaliser stopped Steve Davis ' side earning three points on the road . Crawley replaced the Railwaymen in the relegation zone as they were thumped 5-0 by Walsall , Jordy Hiwula bagging a brace and Kieron Morris , Andy Taylor and Jordan Cook all scoring too . Rob Jones ' header gave Doncaster a 1-0 triumph over Leyton Orient , and while the O 's avoided slipping into the bottom four , they were joined on 47 points by Notts County . Ricardo Moniz 's first home game in charged ended in a 1-1 draw with Barnsley , Hungarian Balint Bajner rescuing a share of the spoils in stoppage time following Sam Winnall 's early opener for the Tykes . Already relegated Yeovil claimed a first win of the Paul Sturrock era as Stephen Arthurworrey got the winner in a 1-0 success over fifth-placed Sheffield United . Elsewhere , late goals denied Oldham and Port Vale 1-0 away wins over Coventry and Scunthorpe . Sky Blues defender Reda Johnson cancelled out Danny Philliskirk 's effort in the midlands , while Kyle Wootton 's header in the fifth minute of stoppage time for the Iron levelled an earlier goal from Richard Duffy .