Cradling your stomach with a hot water bottle might seem like the norm at ` that time of the month ' . However , if you are doubling over with debilitating pain , it could actually be a sign of something much worse . While most ` normal ' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory , a doctor tells Daily Mail Australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis . Dr Lara Briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines . Painful periods : 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time . ` Women who experience some degree of menstrual pain , caused by prostaglandins , will be suffering from your run of the mill , standard period pain , ' she says . ` You can easily lower prostaglandins with an anti-inflammatory or it can be addressed and removed with diet . ' However , Briden says it 's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor . ` Normal period pain should be on the first or second day of bleeding , not later in the bleeding cycle or before . So timing is all part of the warning signs , ' says Briden . Spine symptoms : Back and leg pain can be symptoms of endometriosis according to Dr Briden . 1 . Severity : Extreme pain that over the counter medication can not ease . 2 . Location : Lower back or leg pain . 3 . Timing : Pain during first two days of bleeding is normal , any other time during the cycle is not . 4 . Other factors : Pain during sex , bleeding between periods can be other symptoms of endometriosis . ` Standard pain is also most commonly in the lower belly where the uterus is . However extended pain that makes you vomit or that reaches the lower back or legs should n't be considered a routine thing . ' So what are the other symptoms women should look out for ? ` Pain during or after sex can also be a key symptom , according to Dr Briden . ` Patients might a deep stabbing pain , maybe not every time they have sex - it could be in middle of their cycle or any time , not just during their period . ' Bleeding between periods is another key sign . ` Seeing blood a day or two before is normal , but other times during the month is definitely a reason to see doctor , ' says Dr Briden . Sex side effects : Endometriosis can also lead to stabbing pains in the abdomen during or after sex . Dr Lara Briden gives us her top remedies for preventing period pain ... 1 . Cut the sugar . Foods like sugar are inflammatory so you should avoid it throughout the month , not just at the time of your period . 2 . Up the supplements . Research has found zinc can relieve period pain and is effective for removing prostagrandins . It also should also be taken throughout the month . 3 . Try turmeric . A great herbal remedy - taken in tablet form it has a higher concentrate , more so than in something like a curry . 4 . Work out often . Exercise helps maintain healthy circulation in the pelvis . Things like walking or yoga help lympathic drainage in the pelvis and translates to less period pain when the time comes around . 5 . Stress less . When we 're stressed we make less of the hormone progesterone that prevents period pain so the happier and less stressed you are during the month , the more you prevent period pain occurring . Lastly , there is also a genetic component attached . Dr Briden says often women might have a mother or sister who has had severe period pain and so they think it 's normal , but as a doctor , if she finds out a patient 's relative has endometriosis then it 's instantly taken more seriously . The most difficult problem for women though , is even if they are dealing with some symptoms , Dr Briden says it can take up to ten years to diagnose properly . ` It is so easily dismissed and something often I am the first health practitioner to raise that it could be endometriosis . The only definitive way to know is from performing keyhole surgery , where a doctor will put someone under general and cuts into their abdomen and look what 's inside , ' says Dr Briden . She says while she is hopeful there will be a blood test for the condition to diagnose it soon , the biggest issue is no one yet knows what causes it , despite there being a few main theories . ` A popular idea used to be that there is a retrograde flow that goes through the fallopian tubes , the ovary normally goes down the tube , but theory says it goes the wrong way and as embryos , the cells on the uterine lining get inflamed and grow . ' The other theory that there is definite evidence , for according to Dr Briden , is that most women have cell tissue outside of the uterine lining , but that it stays dormant all their lives , whereas for others it becomes activated and responds to hormones . But because there is n't conclusive evidence , there is yet to be a cure . Currently Dr Briden says women who do have endometriosis can have surgery to remove the uteral lining that causes it . This can be particularly successful , for women suffering from infertility . One of my most rewarding cases she has had was with a woman who had been struggling to fall pregnant . While her blood tests , hormones and husband 's sperm all appeared normal she then turned to Dr Briden for other answers . Spice things up : Dr Briden says adding herbal spice turmeric to your diet will ease period pain symptoms . ` I met with her and asked her details about her period , and she admitted she experienced pain during other times of her cycle and also painful sex . I got her to then see a gynaecologist and request whether she might have endometriosis , and be able to get surgery , ' says Dr Briden . ` The doctor found out she did , removed it , and three or four months later she was pregnant and had a beautiful baby boy . ' ` That drove home how severe it can be and important to fix it . It 's quite a common story now with my patients , once they have endometriosis removal they have greatly enhanced fertility , ' says Dr Briden . Although while it can help provide a quick fix , Dr Briden says it ca n't stop it all together . ` It can grow back , so things like hormonal suppression are important . By preventing stimulation of oestrogen it can prevent the bits of uterine tissue -RRB- becoming active again . ' Naturopathic approach : Dr Lara Briden takes a natural approach to dealing with period pain by cutting foods and increasing supplements . As a naturopathic doctor , Dr Briden has a unique approach to dealing with it . ` There is growing evidence that endometriosis is a autoimmune disease . Autoimmune diseases attacks different parts of body so calling endometriosis one is still quite controversial , but it 's the approach I 've been taking for many years , ' she says . ` To prevent regrowth occurring , applying dietary changes that help regulate immune function such as nutritional supplements and probiotics with good bacteria are helpful . ' So far she believes her approach is successful both in preventing regrowth and also helping lessen or alleviate pain all together . ` I think periods are still an unnecessary taboo subject - especially when half the population has them , ' says Dr Briden . Having just written a book ` Period Repair Manual : Natural Treatment for Better Hormones and Better Periods , ' Dr Briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , is not adverse to discussion and believes it 's time to put it out there . ` Most have n't heard of endometriosis and when one in ten suffer from it , it 's about time we talk about it and give women help they need , ' she says . Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health . She 's just released her new book Period Repair Manual : Natural Treatment for Better Hormones and Better Periods .