Harold Ekeh has a very tough decision to make . The 18-year-old Long Islander has waited anxiously for weeks since sending off his college applications . But he did n't expect this . Harold has been accepted by every single one - including all eight Ivy League schools . It comes a year after another high schooler from Long Island , Kwasi Enin , was met with the same news . He chose Yale . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Whiz kid : Meet Harold Ekeh , the Long Island senior who has been accepted to every Ivy League college . Incredible achievement : Harold , 18 , insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges . Star : The high school senior moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago with his parents Roseline -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Paul Ekeh . He says his parents ' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded . ` It was crazy . My mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter . I could n't believe it , ' Harold told DailyMail.com as he recounted the five minutes when acceptance emails came in from Yale , Harvard , Brown , Columbia , Cornell , Dartmouth , Pennsylvania , Princeton , Johns Hopkins , NYU , MIT , Vanderbilt , and SUNY Stony Brook . His celebration ? ` I went to Chipotle with my friends for a half steak half chicken burrito bowl . It was perfect . ' Born in Nigeria , Harold and his parents moved to the US when he was eight . He is now a straight A student , with an SAT score of 2270 , at Elmont Memorial High School in Long Island , New York , where he has served as editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the Model United Nations . His success , he explains , is down to the submission essay , in which he described his family 's struggle to fit in after emigrating to America . It was the resilience of his parents , former Target clerks Paul and Roseline Ekeh , that gave him the drive to achieve the best . His story : Harold says his winning essay described the struggle of fitting in after emigrating to America . Speaking to DailyMail.com , Harold admitted he has set a high bar for his four younger brothers -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` Sky is n't the limit ' : Harold , pictured aged 13 , three years after arriving in the U.S. , told his brothers -LRB- pictured -RRB- that they will surpass his accomplishments . ` People say the sky is the limit - it wo n't be for them , ' he said . He told DailyMail.com : ` It was such a huge thing for my parents to uproot our family , a family of six , from our home to a new country . ` I was worried as a kid about speaking with an American accent , but they had to worried about actually finding jobs . ` They joked that they came over for the 24-hour electricity . But I know it was so we would have opportunities as children . ` No matter how many times they got knocked down , they stayed positive , and kept telling me that the secret to success in unbridled resolve . ' His achievement has been hailed as the American Dream , but Harold downplays it . ` I just worked hard and took every opportunity that was afforded to me . ` I came over with a very heavy Nigerian accent , but I did everything I could to integrate . Learning American history was really hard but I was determined to tackle it so I signed up for AP History as a junior . ' With four younger brothers , he has set the bar high . He does n't think that 'll be a problem , however . ` They are going to beat my accomplishments . They were very excited by the news , they look up to me and follow my lead . ` When I got the news , I told them they can achieve anything . I said people say the sky is the limit but they can go even further than that . I know they will . ' Ultimately , he plans to be a neurosurgeon to study Alzheimer 's , a disease his grandmother suffers from . But insists he wo n't just be studying . ` I 'm torn because each school offers something different , and there are so many different things I 'm looking for , ' he said . ` I want to go to a good school where I can study hard , but I also want somewhere where I feel comfortable ; somewhere I could imagine calling home . ` I also want to meet other students , make friends , travel , and do other activities . ` When people ask me which one , I have said Yale so far because I have a connection with Yale . I went to Yale with the Model United Nations , and got to see how inspiring and interesting it is there . ` I 'm visiting a few this month and will decide at the end . ' Proud parents : Paul and Roseline Ekeh , former Target clerks , inspired their son to work hard to achieve . His father , who now works in the NYPD 's traffic division , shared the news on Facebook with an elated message . His mother , who works for a human resources agency in Queens , could not contain her delight . Elated , his mother Roseline , who now works for a human resources agency in Queens , posted on Facebook : ` All glory to the most high God !!! ' His father Paul Ekeh , who works in the NYPD 's traffic division , spoke to DailyMail.com to describe the moment he found out . ` It was like a thunderbolt , ' he said . ` I did n't doubt that he could achieve good things but it was the sweep that made it so different . I do n't know how to say how I feel . It 's amazing . ' Sharing the news of his son 's achievement on Facebook , Mr Ekeh wrote : ` Bless the LORD ... Congrats Son , in Jesus ' name !! ' With three weeks and four days to make a decision , Harold said he is keeping an open mind and plans to visit Harvard , MIT and Princeton . Harvard only accepts 5.9 per cent of applicants - roughly 2,000 of the 34,000 submissions they receive . Take two : Last year another Long Islander , Kwasi Enin , chose Yale after being accepted by all eight Ivies . Yale accepts 6.3 per cent of the 30,000 students who apply , and Columbia only 6.9 per cent of 32,000 . Cornell has the highest acceptance rate of the eight Ivies - a minuscule 14 per cent of the 43,000 applicants . Right now , Harold is leaning towards Yale . ` I got to see how passionate people are at Yale , ' he told ABC . ` That skewed me to start leaning towards Yale in my junior year . ' Last year , another Long Island high school student , 17-year-old Kwasi Enin , picked Yale after being accepted to every Ivy League college . The son of Ghanaian immigrants , Kwasi had an SAT score of 2250 , straight As , and wrote an essay describing his love of music which ` sparked my intellectual curiosity ' .