Rangers boss Stuart McCall ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at Dumbarton on Saturday to ramp up the pressure on play-off rivals Hibs . The Ibrox boss watched his side drop two points against bottom side Livingston in West Lothian but insisted the 1-1 draw -- with Myles Hippolyte and Marius Zaliukas trading goals -- could end up being crucial in the quest to finish second . Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches and McCall insists nothing less than a victory will do at the Bet Butler Stadium this weekend as his side aim to go four clear in second while Hibs face Falkirk in the Scottish Cup semi finals . Stuart McCall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton on Saturday . ` We could be four ahead on Saturday night so that might be a very important point for us tonight , ' said McCall on a night when Rangers fans let off a series of fireworks in the Energy Assets Arena . ` It 's still in our hands -- but we have got to go and win on Saturday ! ` Of course I 'm disappointed not to win the game . We did n't deserve any more but this was n't a case of us blowing hot and cold . We 've no divine right to come here and win . ` I said before the game this would be a tough place to come . OK , we did n't play as fluently as we would have liked but Livvy were fighting for their lives . They are a physical side and Hibs and Queen of the South have still to come here . Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion . Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset Rangers . ` It was a game that panned out the way I expected on a tight park , dry and bumpy . It was a fair result . You ca n't stop a free kick like that -LRB- by Hippolyte -RRB- . ' Meanwhile , Mark Burchill was left ruing a first half ` goal ' by Hippolyte that was chalked off after a supposed foul by Jordan White on Cammy Bell . But the Livvy boss was also left lamenting his team 's dire defending 120 seconds after taking the lead through Hippolyte 's fine freekick . ` I think everyone here knows it should have been a goal by Myles in the first half , ' he sighed . Marius Zaliukas equalised a couple of minutes later for Rangers at the Energy Assets Arena . ` I 'm just really disappointed . It was a terrible goal for us to lose . If you go ahead in a match you really want to do better than that . When you 've taken the lead that 's your most vulnerable time as a team . And I just feel if we had weathered that then Rangers would have run out of ideas . ` It was not the best we have played but I felt we more than matched Rangers tonight . I watched them on Sunday against Raith and I thought we could get three points from them and I 'm disappointed we never managed to do that . '