Barcelona ace Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp . The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz as the former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in Spain . Rik Sharma sorted the best from the rest during the Champions League clash at the Nou Camp ... Barcelona . Marc-Andre ter Stegen 6.5 : Called into action for the first time by Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the second half and dealt with the Swede 's powerful drive well , before fielding an Ezequiel Lavezzi strike too . One of the quietest evenings he will have . Dani Alves 7.5 : Wound back the years to give everyone a reminder of why he was considered the best right-back in the world . Dazzling stepovers then a wicked cross for Neymar to bury . David Luiz takes on Paris Saint-Germain ace Javier Pastore during their match at the Nou Camp . Gerard Pique 5 : Had little to do but shanked a couple of clearances horribly , which is out of character for the defender . Was also robbed by Ibrahimovic , though it came to nothing . Suffering a minor dip after a few months in which he has been at his very best . Javier Mascherano 6 : Pique was the player assigned to deal with Ibrahimovic and Mascherano was left with little else to do , in a quiet evening for Barcelona 's defence . Javier Mascherano reacts during Barcelona 's Champions League clash with PSG at the Nou Camp . Jordi Alba 6 : Did n't bother rampaging forward like you often catch him doing in La Liga . In theory that was to take care of Edinson Cavani , but the striker was extremely quiet . Sergio Busquets 7 : Helped to snuff out the threat of Zlatan Ibrahimovic when the forward dropped into his midfield zone . Started a few Barcelona attacks with his usual eye for a quick pass . Ivan Rakitic 7.5 : Contributed to Barcelona 's high pressing , caging PSG in their own final third . Physically fit enough to get back and help out in his own defensive quarters too . In games like these . Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic holds off opposition midfielder Pastore as the Catalan side breezed through . Andres Iniesta 9 : Has not quite found his best rhythm under Luis Enrique but his amazing dribble to set up Neymar 's goal was pure Iniesta . Substituted at half-time for Xavi . Lionel Messi 6.5 : Stayed wide on the right for a long while , conserving energy . Given his efforts against Valencia at the weekend , and in general during an extremely busy month , he can be forgiven . When he contributed to the game , it was with his usual quality , and whipped a strike inches wide of the left post in stoppage time . Argentinean wizard Lionel Messi dances his way through the Barcelona defence as they cruise through . Luis Suarez 6.5 : Extremely unselfish . The Uruguayan did a lot of running and although it did n't come to fruition on a personal level , he earned Neymar acres of space and Barcelona were rewarded . Huge applause when he was substituted . Neymar 9 : Two clinical finishes here , and plenty of direct , dangerous running which makes him impossible to handle . Final ball when trying to set up his team-mates sometimes needs a bit more precision , but that will come . Brazilian Neymar grabbed himself two goals as the La Liga giants eased through to the next round . SUBS . Xavi Hernandez 6.5 : The Camp Nou relishes every chance it gets to see this old legend , before he heads off into the sun at the end of the season . -LRB- By sun , read Qatar , although a deal has not been finalised -RRB- . Sergi Roberto 6 : A rare opportunity which was mainly useful for giving Sergio Busquets ' legs a rest . Pedro Rodriguez 6 : This could be one of his last appearances at the Camp Nou , but did n't have time to show off . PSG . Salvatore Sirigu 6 : Could do nothing about the goals , but at least he had the perfect view of Barcelona 's calculated , technically excellent display . Gregory van der Wiel 3.5 : Lost Neymar for the second goal -- the Brazilian was his man -- and was made to look a fool by him and Iniesta on more than one occasion . Gregory van der Wiel does his best to hold off the tackle of Barcelona 's Jordi Alba at the Nou Camp . Marquinhos 4.5 : His centre-back partner was in the spotlight for the goals , but he was n't even on the scene which was a crime in itself . Far from commanding -- PSG would have looked a lot stronger had Thiago Silva been fit . David Luiz 5 : It took less than three minutes for the Brazilian to end up in the book , after fouling Ivan Rakitic . Ten minutes later he was beaten for pace by Neymar , who broke the deadlock and killed the tie . Stepped up a gear in the second half -- at least he cared . David Luiz puts his head in where it hurts as Psg take on Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Tuesday . Maxwell 6 : Excellent defending prevented Messi from adding a third at the end . Given how little of the ball PSG had , it was n't an evening for showing off his attacking talents . Marco Verratti 6 : Fired wide when well placed on the edge of the box in the second half . Brought a bit of spice to proceedings , but it was far from sufficient for Laurent Blanc 's side . Blaise Matuidi 6 : Verratti and Luiz aside , looked like the only PSG player who really , truly cared . Put out a few fires , including a good tackle to halt a Messi surge , but that did n't help while the rest of the side were falling apart . Blaise Matuidi has all eyes on the ball as he comes up against Barcelona 's Alba during their clash . Yohan Cabaye 4 : The former Newcastle midfielder 's presence on the pitch was barely noted . The game passed him by , so did Iniesta . Taken off after 66 minutes and deservedly so . Javier Pastore 3 : Gave the ball away countless times in the first half . Looked on a different , albeit not necessarily better , wavelength than the other PSG players . Ruined one break in the second half with an awful through-ball , which flew straight to Ter Stegen . Pastore takes aim at Barcelona 's goal as the Ligue 1 giants do their best to get back into the game . Edinson Cavani 4 : Another sad night for the forward . Even before he was taken off , Barcelona 's half-time substitute Xavi had already had more touches of the ball than he had enjoyed in the entire game . Totally out of the action . Zlatan Ibrahimovic 4.5 : The most danger he caused Barcelona 's defence was a stay arm that caught Mascherano square on the head . Had a point to prove to the jeering Barcelona fans but never looked like doing it . Former Barcelona striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic attempts to take the ball round Argentinean Mascherano . SUBS . Lucas Moura 6.5 : Fired over the bar when well placed as the game neared its conclusion . But for an injury , would have started and could have caused Alves some problems with more time . Ezequiel Lavezzi 6.5 : Added a bit of pace , in place of Cavani , which the team was missing up front . Adrien Rabiot 6 : Maintained the status quo .