An Arizona woman got an early Easter surprise when she saw what she believes to be the image of Jesus Christ in her dental x-rays during a check-up last month . Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff on March 25 . Ackerman , 32 , spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . Scroll down for video . Kym Ackerman saw Jesus in an x-ray of her molars when she went for dental a check-up in Flagstaff , Arizona . Ackerman , 32 , plans to frame the x-ray and keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future . Although the hygienist agreed about the sanctified shape , the dentist was substantially less excited and ` started looking at my teeth ' , Ackerman told the Huffington Post . She said : ` At my dentist , the computer shows the X-rays as soon as they are taken . ` I said to the hygienist , `` That looks crazy ! Do you see I what I see ? '' ` My mom passed away from breast cancer when I was 17 , so when I saw this , I thought , ' `` That 's my guardian angel . ' '' The dentist did n't find any cavities during the check-up and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth , and especially that holy molar , healthy . She 's also planning on framing the x-ray . This is not the first time that Jesus has supposedly returned in x-ray form . A cancer-stricken Indiana woman saw Christ in her chest x-ray after she was hospitalized with pneumonia following breast cancer surgery in December of 2010 . She saw Jesus in a x-ray of the area right over her heart . A cancer-stricken Indiana woman saw Jesus Christ in her x-ray after she was hospitalized with pneumonia . Karen Sigler -LRB- pictured -RRB- saw Jesus in a x-ray of the area right over her heart that was taken in December of 2010 . After seeing the image , she said : ` My faith just got a little stronger since I saw that Jesus was sitting on my heart and that he 's there . ` You can see him . He 's there . ' She started chemotherapy the following month .