Walmart is coming under fire following a recent incident in Tuscon , Arizona where a thief was able to shoot of rounds from a weapon after stealing it from their store . Mario Valencia took a rifle from the super store on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left , something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons . This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities . Scroll down for video . Mario Valencia -LRB- above -RRB- took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon , Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left . The stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun . Police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued Valencia , but just seconds later he began firing into the air according to CNN . He even pointed the weapon at an officer at one point . When the gun was later recovered , after Valencia was taken down by Officer Michael Rapiejko , it was discovered the wire was loose , and only wrapped through the gun 's barrel and lock just once , not twice as is standard , allowing the weapon to be used as soon as it was taken . Walmart meanwhile claims the rifle had been properly locked , and that it may have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car . He was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle . The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene . Video of the incident , which emerged last week , shows Rapiejko , 34 , running into Valencia to take the man down after he began firing the weapom . A police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ` One round just went out . He 's definitely loaded . ' He then tells his colleague , Rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ` Stand off , the gun is loaded . ' Valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree . But apparently ignoring his advice , Rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward Valencia . Seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . Valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . The other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ` Oh ! Jesus Christ , man down . ' Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash and was eventually booked into jail two days later . Sergeant Chris Warren said at the time that Valencia ` was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . This crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at , vandalism and burglary at the Tucson Baptist Temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . It culminated with the alleged theft of a rifle from Walmart , after which he was hit by Rapiejko 's police vehicle . Rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , but soon reinstated after the Pima County Attorney 's Office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing . Valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree .