Two mothers who dramatically rescued a baby and group of young girls from rising tides were horrified to discover onlookers filming the incident instead of helping them . An 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three , six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach while out walking during the school break . But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble , those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead , they took out their smartphones to record the drama . Two mothers saved the lives of three girls and a baby after the youngsters were trapped by the rising tide . The Mirror reported the two mothers held the baby and young girls ' heads above the rising tide until volunteer lifeboats reached them . Lifeboat crew member Nathan Lee told the paper : ` They thought they were going to die . One mum was disgusted people were filming it all on cameras , not helping . ` A few more minutes and none of them would be here . ' The incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides after more than 60 spectators had to be rescued at the Boat Race in London on Saturday . Lifeboats were deployed to transport the onlookers from the shore after they became trapped on the edge of the River Thames . Video footage showed a group of at least 40 people stranded by the rising waters after watching the rowing race between Oxford and Cambridge universities . A boy , reportedly eight years old , was also rescued from an embankment after he became separated from his mother , while seven people were evacuated from Chiswick Eyot when they were cut off by the rising tide . The RNLI said it was a ` surprise ' to find so many spectators in trouble and the number was ` significantly greater ' than in previous years . Many were unaware that they would be exposed to the substantial wash from the flotilla following the races and from the rising tide , it said . As a result many were cut off and found themselves with limited options to reach higher ground . Chiswick RNLI station manager Wayne Bellamy said : ` This incident showed once more that the tidal Thames can catch people unaware . ' Spectators line the banks of the River Thames to watch the BNY Mellon Boat Race in London on Saturday .