Sitting front row at Fashion Week is a coveted position . Not just for the best view in the house and the chance that your neighbour might be a celebrity or Anna Wintour ... but for the goodie bag . Stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ` FROW ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors . The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests , with front row attendees given a personalised tablet . But a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers - perhaps a disgruntled second row guest - decided to snap them up for themselves . Scroll down for video . Sticky fingers : Singer Jessica Mauboy was among the front row attendees at the Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia who had her gifted tablet stolen from her seat . We cleaned up ! Zac -LRB- left -RRB- and Jordan Stenmark and Lindy Klim looked thrilled with their customised tablets . All mine : Nadia Bartel also got her hands on a coveted tablet thanks to her front row position . Jessica Mauboy , model Maddison Brow , and GQ editor Nick Smith were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats . It should be easy to spot the culprits though , as each of the tablets had been customised with wallpaper bearing their name . Celebrities including Lindy Klim , and Jordan and Zac Stenmark were pictured fawning over their personalised Lenovo tablets before the show started . Not a bad goodie bag : Each front row guest was given an $ 899 Lenovo tablet with their gift bag at the show . Perks of the job : Fashion editors including Elle editor Justine Cullen were among the lucky recipients , and were quick to share their haul on social media . Show organisers had a few back-ups of the $ 899 tablet on hand that were not customised to give to the theft victims . Despite the drama , the show was a spectacular success , with an A-list turn-out and dazzling creations gracing the catwalk . Toni Maticevski , whose designs are beloved by Jennifer Hawkins , Abbie Cornish and Jess Hart , presented a glimmering display complete with gold , glitter , mesh and tulle . High tech : Models on the catwalk also carried the tablets , which displayed a live stream of the show . Neckless : Models were seen to be keeping necks hidden in Maticevski 's neutral couture dress line . Soft summer : Models wear a pastel palette with soft , summery tulles , transparent fabrics and flowing designs . Maticevski , who began his career with bridal gowns , stuck to his signature wrap look but branched out this season with new metallic and pastel palettes and a mix of bold and conservative cuts . The star of the couture collection though was the glittery , gold metallic asymmetrical dress that not only brightened up the dull warehouse backdrop but wowed the audience with it 's high cut , off the shoulder metallic design . Also featured alongside the asymmetrical number was a opalescent mesh two piece top and skirt with a gold , triangular panel starring centre front . Maticevski 's got the Midas Touch : A gold , glittery asymmetrical dress steals the show at Toni Maticevski . The right mesh : A pearlescent mesh two piece also featured in the gold range as shown at Toni Maticevski . Showcasing also in the metallic range was glimmering opaque black maxi skirts , coats and pants . The designs all featured stiff black fabric and wrap designs , with skirts featuring tulle underlays and models wearing transparent black bows in their hair . In addition to the metallic line , Maticevski also created a playful , light , pastel collection for Spring/Summer that features transparent white and lilac overlays , apricot tulle and pretty pink prints . Models in the pastel collection replaced bows with flowers but keeping to their slick buns as seen throughout . 50 shades of grey : Maticevski 's classic couture range had models wearing long , grey coats and dresses . Black tie : Models match with bold black outfits , heels , bows and furrowed brows . The last range in the collection featured classic , neutral couture pieces with signature folds , asymmetrical lines and frills in abundance . The main colours of the monochrome collection were gunmetal , white and black and models were seen carrying transparent domes with flowers inside or wearing clear ball-shaped necklaces to tie in with the pastel , summery collection . Shapes also varied in the final line , with a mix of conservative long trench coats and ankle-length dresses and high-cut , daring just above knee styles .