Steve Cotterill could be just a week away from putting Bristol City back into the Championship . The 50-year-old needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of a career that has been mostly spent rescuing clubs from relegation after goals by Kieran Agard , Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham clinched a local derby victory . In front of a sold-out Ashton Gate , City took revenge for a bitterly fought 1-0 defeat back in November which ended their unbeaten start to the season . Bristol City 's Aaron Wilbraham -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for the ball with Swindon Town 's Yaser Kasim -LRB- right -RRB- . Swindon Town 's Michael Smith -LRB- left -RRB- shields the ball from the challenge of the oncoming Luke Ayling -LRB- right -RRB- . Bristol City -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Fielding , Ayling , Flint , Williams , Tavernier , Smith , Pack , Freeman -LRB- Wagstaff 93 -RRB- , Bryan , Agard -LRB- Emmanuel-Thomas 86 -RRB- , Wilbraham -LRB- Elliott 94 -RRB- . Subs not used : Saville , Richards , Cunningham , Osborne . Booked : Agard . Scorers : Agard 36 , Bryan 80 , Wilbraham 87 . Swindon -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Foderingham , Branco , Ricketts , Turnbull , Byrne , Kasim , Stephens , Luongo , Gladwin -LRB- Swift 78 -RRB- , Michael Smith , Williams -LRB- Obika 69 -RRB- . Subs not used : Barker , Barthram , Hylton , Rodgers , Cameron Belford . Booked : Turnbull , Kasim . Referee : Neil Swarbrick -LRB- Lancashire -RRB- . Attendance : 12,302 . That finished with Swindon chairman Lee Power accusing Cotterill of ` lacking class ' . But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory that left Swindon boss Mark Cooper having to pick his side up from two 3-0 defeats in four days that have finished their last hope of automatic promotion . Just to add to their woes they had both Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco booked , meaning both will now serve suspensions . City had actually needed to ride their luck for much of the first half , with goalkeeper Frank Fielding pulling off three saves in two frantic minutes at one point . And Swindon striker Andy Williams cost Cooper 's side their best chance of going in front when he cashed in on a mistake by Aden Flint to go through . He should have squared the ball back to strike partner Michael Smith who couldn ' t have missed but instead tried to go it alone and gave Fielding the chance to save . Bristol City striker Kieran Agard -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates giving his side the 1-0 lead against Swindon Town . Ben Gladwin -LRB- left -RRB- brings the ball for Swindon as Bristol City 's Joe Bryan -LRB- centre -RRB- gives chace in midfield . As if that miss was n't frustrating enough for the visitors , they were then architects of their own downfall when City took the lead on 35 minutes . Yaser Kasim was put under pressure as Swindon tried to play the ball out from the back from a goal kick , and gave it away to Joe Bryan . The young wing back hit a perfect pass to send Agard clear to make no mistake with his 11th goal of the season . City had earned that goal for the way they worked to put pressure on defenders , and they made their own luck again when Derrick Williams stretched to divert Ben Gladwin 's shot onto the underside of the bar . Swindon 's strike partnership of Williams and Smith had shared 36 goals and it was n't hard to see why as their movement constantly troubled City 's defence . But Williams , who had 21 of them , could n't quite find his shooting range and put another gilt edged opportunity over the bar just after half time when Massimo Luongo had sent him clear . But that summed up the story of the night with no end product to so much possession , and the game swung back City 's way when Jordan Turnbull turned Bryan 's cross onto the top of his own bar . With 11 minutes gone Bryan wriggled into some space on the edge of the box , put the ball onto his left foot , and beat Wes Foderingham with a perfectly placed shot into the top corner . And the win was wrapped up when Luke Freeman reached the byline and cut the ball back for skipper Wilbraham to fire home his 19th of the season . Gladwin avoids the sliding tackle of Bristol City 's Korey Smith with the home side still leading 1-0 on Tuesday . Massimo Luongo -LRB- left -RRB- dribbles forward with the ball for Swindon as Marlon Pack -LRB- right -RRB- keeps up with him .