When most of us get caught in the rain , it 's not a pretty sight . But , as their latest campaign proves , when you 're a Victoria 's Secret Angel , it 's a far more glamorous affair . Candice Swanepoel , Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , don see-through macs , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in the lingerie giant 's new campaign . Elsa Hosk , Candice Swanepoel and Jasmine Tookes are the stars of Victoria 's Secret 's latest lingerie campaign to promote the brand 's Dream Angels range . Candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an energetic routine , all whilst showing off the brand 's new Dream Angels range of underwear . Each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range and will no doubt become the season 's hottest accessory . Described as the brand 's most romantic collection yet , the underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic , crisp whites . Often embellished with bows and adorned with lace and crystals , the range is both flirty and feminine . Candice shows off her incredibly honed physique as she guides her fellow models through an energetic routine using the umbrellas as a prop . Victoria 's Secret Dream Angels push up bra . Buy here ... Visit site . Sometimes there 's nothing sexier than a little white lingerie set . But do n't just take our word for it . Cast your eyes over the impossibly gorgeous Victoria 's Secret Angels here . Candice Swanepoel and co. look angelic in their simple white hot pieces in the latest campaign . A fresh white set is confident and chic , so why not update your smalls by clicking right to get Candice 's stylish lace-trimmed bra now ? A white bra will be your go-to piece for everyday wear , plus it 'll compliment that summer tan perfectly when it comes to undressing ! We 're also crushing on these styles below from the likes of Topshop and DKNY . Everyday essentials have never been so alluring ! DKNY Intimates lace bra at Zappos . Visit site . Topshop lace bra . Visit site . b.tempt 'd Ciao Bella bra at Zappos . Visit site . Wacoal bra at Bloomingdales . Visit site . Whilst she oozes confidence in the campaign , the 26-year-old South African model admits that it 's taken her some time to feel comfortable in her skin . Described as the brand 's most romantic collection yet , the underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic , crisp whites , as showcased by Candice . It 's been a successful week for Candice , who recently appeared in Max Factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe . The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . Max Factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 , and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by Candice today . Candice may radiate confidence these days , but this was n't always the case . In a recent interview with Maxim , the lingerie model admitted it had taken her quite some time to feel comfortable in her skin . Elsa Hosk , 26 , also stars in the shoot ; the Swedish model has worked for the likes of Dior , Dolce & Gabbana , Ungaro , h & m and Guess . Jasmine Tookes , 24 , has walked the runway for the likes of Calvin Klein , Tom Ford , Prada , Miu Miu and Versace . Each of the girls carry the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range and will no doubt become the season 's hottest accessory . She said : ` I look at myself in the third person , because that girl in the pictures is n't me : It 's a girl I created to cope with the spotlight . I had to get over a lot of shyness to do this job . ' Candice , who has been working almost non-stop since was discovered at the age of 15 , said she had to grow up fast . ` In one way I feel much older , because I 've had to deal with a lot more responsibility and a career and money at an early age , ' she said . ` But at the same time , there 's still a 15-year-old girl in me , one who does n't even have a driver 's license . ' Candice Swanepoel appeared in Max Factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe .