Whether he is in a car park , a factory or even a field , Ed Miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign . The Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern . But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public . The Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike - using it in a north London street on April 16 and then in Lincoln the next day . He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern - including at a NHS rally in Leeds on April 23 -LRB- left -RRB- . But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events - and even in the middle of a field in Nuneaton yesterday -LRB- right -RRB- . Mr Miliband 's enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last September when he forgot to mention the deficit while speaking without a lectern or autocue . As Mr Miliband launched Labour 's election campaign at the top of the ArcelorMittal Orbit in Olympic Park last month he spoke in front of the lectern branded with a Union Jack flag and the Labour logo . When he unveiled the party 's manifesto in Manchester he also spoke from behind the lectern . And during his audience question and answer in the first televised leaders ' debate on Channel 4 and Sky News he chose to speak from behind a lectern , while David Cameron chose instead to have a stool on stage . The lectern has also been used in some more unconventional settings though . As he spoke in the car park of an engineering factory in Loughborough the lectern was put on a small raised platform next to a puddle . When he visited the national Composites Centre in Bristol he conducted a q & a in front of an aeroplane with the lectern . the revelation that Mr Miliband had brought in leadership coaches after Mr Miliband faced ridicule yesterday after being pictured standing at a lectern in the middle of a field in a bid to look prime ministerial . Then this week as he launched Labour campaign billboards in Nuneaton , he spoke from behind a lectern , even though he was in the middle of a cricket pitch . The constant use of the lectern is thought to be part of a strategy to make Mr Miliband look more like a man who could be prime minister . Last month it was reported that he had hired US speech coach Michael Sheehan on a £ 10,000 daily fee to improve his delivery and charisma . Mr Sheehan 's website includes a video where he advises politicians on how to speak at a lectern , including not holding onto the sides in what he calls a ` death grip ' . It comes as it was revealed that Mr Miliband has hired a ` leadership consultancy ' firm which coaches people to look ` authentic ' and cope with anxiety , it has emerged . The Labour leader , who has seen his party 's lead in the polls slip with less than two weeks until the general election , has engaged the services of ` ExtendedMind ' -- a specialist firm offering ` performance coaching ' . Labour leader Ed Miliband meets supporters at Oaktree Community Centre in Acton , west London , where he posed for pictures after speaking to local Labour Party members . Mr Miliband has hired a ` leadership consultancy ' firm which coaches people to look ` authentic ' and cope with anxiety . Mr Miliband 's dire personal ratings have long been seen as a major electoral asset for the Tories . However in recent weeks there has been a marked upturn in his popularity - as voters get to see more of the Labour leader . A Labour spokesman today did not deny Mr Miliband had hired a consultancy firm to help his performances . He said : ` We never comment on anybody we may or may not have employed . ' According to the ExtendedMind website , they provide help ` in order to build leadership skills that deliver lasting organisational change ' . According to its website , the company works to help body language and breathing , and to tackle ` the anxiety we all feel to different degrees when communicating an important message to others ' . They provide intensive coaching to work on body language and how to look authentic . Its website boasts how it works with ` leaders ' to ` communicate their messages with greater impact ' and insists that learning ` new communication techniques ' does not mean someone is in-authentic . ` Any new behavior will feel inauthentic at the beginning , and will seem so to others , too . But with repeated practice we move from ` acting ' to ` being ' . ' Ed Miliband , speaking at Chatham House in London this morning , has hired a ` leadership consultancy ' firm which coaches people to look ` authentic ' and cope with anxiety , it has emerged . The Labour leader , who has seen his party 's lead in the polls slip with less than two weeks until the general election , has engaged the services of ` ExtendedMind ' -- a specialist firm offering ` performance coaching ' But Conservative Michael Ellis said the revelation showed there was ` nothing authentic about Ed Miliband ' . He said : ` He 's had to hire someone to tell him how to act like a leader . Even after all his extensive coaching , could you imagine him standing up to Putin on the world stage ? He should ask for his money back . ' Mr Miliband has staked the success of his campaign on performing better then public expectations in head to head debates with David Cameron . He even hired US speech coach Michael Sheehan on a reported £ 10,000 daily fee to improve his delivery and charisma , it has been reported .