Mixed martial arts fighter Anderson Silva will meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , despite facing a possible doping ban . Silva this week expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games , and local taekwondo officials said they like the idea of having the MMA fighter on the team . The Brazilian taekwondo confederation said Wednesday that ` this wonderful possibility ' of Silva competing in the Olympics will be discussed next week between the fighter and local officials . Anderson Silva -LRB- right -RRB- will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's Olympics . The 40-year-old Silva began his career as a taekwondo fighter and is a black belt in the sport . He is an ambassador for taekwondo in Brazil . Silva , who is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests , said in a letter to the taekwondo confederation that it would be ` an immense pleasure ' to be part of the Brazilian team in Rio . ` Everybody knows that every top athlete dreams about the Olympic Games , ' Silva said . ` As an ambassador to the sport , and with the games taking place in my country , I 'm even more motivated by the Olympic spirit . ' Silva said he would compete with all his ` esteem , strength and honor . ' On Wednesday , he posted on his official Twitter account a photo of himself practicing taekwondo . Silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9 , and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31 . The 40-year-old Brazilian posted a photo of himself practising taekwondo on Wednesday . The Brazilian later said in a statement that he always ` played clean ' and ` never used any substances ' to improve his performances , and that he was ` still waiting for the results and analysis from the specialists that are working to reveal the truth . ' Silva has a hearing scheduled for May on the doping allegations . Silva is considered one of the best pound-for-pound mixed martial arts fighters in the history of the sport , . The former middleweight champion returned to the cage in January after breaking his lower left leg more than a year ago . He beat Diaz but the victory was quickly overshadowed by the doping headlines that surfaced shortly after the fight . Silva delivers a flying knee against Nick Diaz in their middleweight bout in Las Vegas in January . According to the Brazilian taekwondo confederation , its president Carlos Fernandes was ` pleased ' to receive Silva 's proposal , but many details still must be discussed before his participation in the games can become a reality . There are doubts about Silva 's eligibility for the games , as well as about his form , considering he has n't competed in taekwondo events in a long time . ` He is a great MMA athlete , but taekwondo has its own characteristics , so I 'm sure he is not ready yet to compete for a spot in the team , ' Lucas Ferreira , one of the other Brazilian taekwondo fighters hoping to participate in the Olympics , told Globoesporte.com . ` He will have to fight for a spot like everybody else . If he proves he deserves to make it , then great . ' Another Brazilian fighter , Guilherme Felix , said it would n't be ethical for Silva to earn a spot in the Olympics ` without showing the results for it . '