Even in a world of flash cars and designer clothes , many will be familiar with the saying : ` Money does n't buy happiness . ' It turns out , there are things that you can do to make you feel slightly happier everyday . The best part ? According to author of Happier People Healthier Planet , Dr Teresa Belton , they 're all completely free . Dr Teresa Belton insists that there are many simple things - such as inviting a lonely person out to tea - that we can do on a daily basis to increase happiness , and they are all free . Researcher and education expert at the University of East Anglia , Dr Teresa Belton , believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives . Simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing . This is because they are all activities that generate a sense of belonging , and help the person adopt confident habits . Author Belton has insisted that practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative . The 62-year-old believes simple acts such as straightening posture -LRB- left -RRB- and joining a community choir -LRB- right -RRB- can increase happiness levels over time . Firstly the doctor emphasises that it is important to prioritise ` wellbeing ' over happiness . Belton says : ` Wellbeing is a continuing state , while happiness can come and go . Wellbeing means that we both feel good and function well . ' Her book , Happier People Healthier Planet , supports the belief that while many strive for material things that may generate temporary happiness , it is not sustainable way to be . Belton insists that it 's actually non-material things that support our wellbeing , like good relationships and a sense of belonging . List five things for which you are grateful : Whether they are big or small things , Belton recommends doing this for ten weeks can have a big impact on wellbeing . Among her simply everyday tips to feeling happier right away - see below - she highlights seemingly trivial activities such as standing up straight and smiling , and even hanging washing up outdoors . The doctor and author also highlights that there are ways you can invest in happiness and wellbeing for the long run . Practices include regularly making lists of things for which you are grateful . In fact , studies have shown that doing this for a period of ten weeks can have a real lasting affect on wellbeing . Other practices include mindful meditation and taking up voluntary work . Declutter : Give stuff away , donate possessions to charity or pass them on to someone who could use them . This can relieve stress and create a sense of lightness and unburdening . A less cluttered bedroom can also bring the added bonus of better sleep . Hang washing up outdoors : Getting some fresh air and creating an orderly line of washing will give you a relaxing break and a reason to get outside in the garden . Invite a lonely person to tea : Or offer to help your neighbour with their garden , leaking pipe , shopping , etc. . Feeling needed and having a sense of belonging to a community are important factors for a sense of wellbeing . Go for a walk : Time spent in green surroundings has shown time and time again to be calming and restorative . Even a green view is beneficial , so try and buy some indoor plants too : geraniums for a window sill , ivy for a dark corner , and herbs for the kitchen . Stand up straight , and smile : The way we hold ourselves and our facial expression affects the way we feel . Adopt a confident posture and you will feel more confident ; look calmly on the world and it will seem a friendlier place . Visit an empty beach or hilltop : Being a tiny part of an immense landscape can reassuringly put worries into perspective . Get moving : Physical activity gets us out of our heads and generates endorphins , the hormone which makes us feel good ; dig the garden , cycle , walk , dance , make pastry , or even mow the lawn . Appreciate the little things : From a spider spinning a web , to a bird singing : these are just a few of the endless everyday details which we often overlook or take for granted , yet which can delight us if we let them . List five things for which you are grateful : Whether they are big or small . Research has shown that doing this every week for ten weeks can result in lasting increases in wellbeing , as it gets us into the habit of seeing our life through a positive lens . Join a community choir : Singing regularly with other people is rewarding not only because of the pleasure derived from the music itself , but also because it is sociable and it demands effort , commitment and attention . Take up regular voluntary work : Social connectedness , as well as freely giving your time , attention and energy , and making a positive difference all contributes to our own satisfaction with life . Get stuck in : Active engagement is a big aspect of personal wellbeing . If you really enjoy your chosen activity , you will lose yourself in it and experience a wonderful sense of ` flow ' . Think about your place in the scheme of things : Having a sense of meaning or purpose in life , whether it is religious , political , social , artistic or any other framework , is known to be important for wellbeing . Take up mindfulness meditation : Regular practice of mindfulness meditation decreases anxiety and increases calmness , working memory and flexibility of thought . Take charge : Start a petition , write to your MP or local councillor , or join a campaign about an issue that concerns you . We are happier if we are proactive and feel like we have a say in things . Value relationships over material objects : Levels of wellbeing have not risen in the UK since the 1970 's despite an increase in affluence . It 's relationships and social networks that contribute towards enduring happiness .