A Texas mother who was intent on getting back stolen pieces of her husband 's truck set up a sting and met with the suspected criminal without realizing the alleged crook was packing heat . Cristina Coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside . In order to make it happen , the Houston resident got a little help from Facebook . Scroll down for video . Cristina Coria used Facebook and her wits to help police nab a man accused of stealing her husband 's truck . Coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston , Texas . The sequence of events leading up to the successful sting began on Tuesday when the truck was stolen from Coria 's driveway , KHOU reported . Police discovered the vehicle the following day in a storage lot , but its bed and wheels had been stripped . When Coria went on Facebook after the truck was found , she saw an ad for a blue 2003 Chevy Stepside bed . When Coria went on Facebook , she saw an ad for a blue 2003 Chevy Stepside bed that looked familiar . She put two and two together and arranged to meet the man with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 . The police were also called . When the seller showed up and they determined he almost definitely had the stolen parts , Coria and her husband stalled him while waiting for police to arrive . Coria said : ` I took his keys . ` While -LSB- the seller -RSB- was going around his truck , I took the keys from his truck . ` So when he was out there looking for his keys he could n't find them ; he could n't leave . ` I watch a & e a lot . ' The police arrived after a wait Coria said approached two hours and arrested the man . A search of his truck turned up an illegal pistol . The suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city . He said he had no idea the parts were stolen , even though they were being sold at a discount and did n't come with a receipt or bill of sale . Police may charge him for theft and unlawfully carrying a gun . If she had known he was armed , Coria said she ` probably would have ran ' .