A killer who was mistakenly let of jail by bungling prison staff mid-way through his murder trial posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on his Facebook page . Martynas Kupstys , 26 , spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison after staff told him he was free to go in August 2014 . The killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis at Lincoln Crown Court . Convicted murderer Martynas Kupstys , pictured , posed on video brandishing a large meat cleaver . The Lithuanian killer , who was jailed for life at Lincoln Crown Court , also waved a saucepan threateningly . Both men were this week jailed for life following the murder in Gainsborough , Lincolnshire in January 2014 . Before the murder , Kupstys posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver and waving it at the person behind the camera in a threatening manner . He also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler . The judge in Kupstys ' original trial abandoned the hearing after eight days following the blunder costing the tax payer thousands of pounds . During his retrial , Lincoln Crown Court heard that Kupstys sat at a bus stop outside the prison and went into a local hospital to use the toilet until prison staff went looking for him . Martynas Kupstys , pictured , was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics by Lincoln Crown Court . It was only when the prison bus arrived at the court that officials realised a mistake had been made . Giving evidence during his retrial , Kupstys told the court : ` I thought about running away . I thought about many things . I could go home , I could return to my friends , but I understood it can not be that I was released . I should go to the court . ` I was released by mistake . I told them I was supposed to be at court . I was told everything was fine . I was told everything was in order and I was being released . ' When asked about his brief period of freedom , he replied : ` I enjoyed the sunshine for a few hours . I sat on the bench 20 or 30 metres from the prison gate . I thought that they had released me by mistake and they should come and get me and take me back in . ` I was out of the prison for about three hours . There came a time when the prison officers came and fetched me . Many prison officers . ' The mistake happened three weeks into the first trial which cost approximately £ 3,000 a day . The victim was found dead in his burnt-out home in Gainsborough , Lincolnshire in January 2014 . A post mortem confirmed that Zdanovics died from smoke inhalation . Kupstys was jailed for life with a minimum tariff of 25 years while his co-accused Giedraitis was also given a life term with a minimum of 21 years . Government inspectors criticised the prison in 2012 who found it was severely over crowded by 50 per cent . A Prison Service spokesman told the Telegraph : ` All of the recommendations raised in an externally led investigation have been implemented by HMP Lincoln . A wider investigation into this incident , which will consider disciplinary action , is still ongoing . ' Kupstys also posted a photograph of him imitating a pose beside a waxwork of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler . Kupstys was released from Lincoln Prison , seen in the background , instead of being taken to court and spent several hours sitting at this bus stop until bungling prison officers realised their mistake .