Comedian Sarah Silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new campaign in which she recounts a time she was discriminated against because of her gender . The 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for Levo League 's Ask4More campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of Equal Pay Day on April 14 . ` I think the best person for the job should get jobs , ' she says in the campaign video . ` I 'm all for women having to work harder to prove themselves at this juncture if that 's the way it is in the world . But if you work a job , and a man is working the same job , you should be getting paid the same . ' Scroll down for video . Be confident : Sarah Silverman wants women to understand their worth as a part of Levo League 's new Ask4More campaign , which encourages women to request the salaries that they deserve . On average , women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men , and in the clip , the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender . Sarah explains that she and fellow comedian Todd Barry were doing back-to-back stand up sets on a Saturday night at the New York Comedy Club . Even though she says she was ` pretty well known at the time ' , she ` did n't think anything of it ' when she was given $ 10 for her work . But when she was chatting with Todd outside , it soon came up that he was offered $ 60 for the same amount of work - at the same show . When she went back inside and asked Al Martin , the owner at the time , about the pay discrepancy , he thought that she was asking him to lend her money , saying : ` Oh , did you want a $ 60 spot ? ' Not right : In the video , Sarah recalls a time when she was paid $ 10 to do a stand-up routine , when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $ 60 . ` It was symbolic . I did n't need $ 60 , ' she says of that moment . ` You know , it 's pretty sh **** . ' Sarah , who came under fire last month after she tweeted ` ten rape prevention tips ' aimed at male attackers , says whenever she shares anything ` women 's rights related ' on social media , including equal pay and health care , she gets ` the most violent hate tweets back ' . ` It 's so odd . It 's just bizarre , ' she says . Sarah explains that knowing your self-worth is a big factor when it comes to women feeling confident to ask for more . ` My therapist says - and I think about it all the time - we do n't get what we want . We get what we think we deserve , ' she added . Double standard : The 44-year-old comedian , who is pictured at the 2015 Vanity Fair Oscar Party , says she gets ` the most violent hate tweets ' when she discusses women 's issues on Twitter . Sports fan : Sarah , who often plays basketball with men , was pictured with Anthony Anderson as they watched Sprite NBA All-Star Celebrity Game in New York City in February . She notes that the concept of asking for more and understanding your worth reminds of her of how she feels when she plays basketball with men . ` Every basket you miss is like missing 100 baskets and that comes from inside . ' Sarah says she reminds herself that she is n't letting her team down , nor or the guys angry at her for missing a shot . The pressure she feels is being brought upon by herself . She explains that she finally realized that ` the guys shoot and miss all the time - most of the time - and they get better . ` We deserve quality lives with equality , and maybe control over our own human bodies without the government getting involved , to do whatever we get great at and do , and it has to come from inside and understanding that you deserve it and working to deserve it , ' she says , before adding : ` Go ahead . Ask for more . ' Sarah is a part of the nine-day campaign , which aims to empower women throughout their careers and includes other female celebrity supporters such as Amy Poehler , Chelsea Clinton and Constance Zimmer .