A greedy mother who told a 13-year-old volunteer to ` f *** off ' was evicted from a family Easter egg hunt after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats . The woman in her mid - to late 30s , who is believed to have had two or three children participating , was at Melbourne 's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt , which was run by Zaidee 's Rainbow Foundation at Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday . She was escorted out of the racecourse , in Melbourne 's south-east , when she became ` irate ' after a young volunteer at the hunt asked her to stop taking so many Easter eggs . Scroll down for video . A greedy mother at a charity Easter egg hunt was booted out of the event after she swore at volunteers . Event organiser Allan Turner said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event who took in additional bags and even prams to fill up with chocolate . The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation , while raising money for Zaidee 's Rainbow Foundation . More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $ 5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday . ` This is the fourth year we 've done the event and we have problems with parents sneaking in shopping bags and filling them up to the top , ' Mr Turner told Daily Mail Australia . She was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to ` f *** off ' The woman kept denying she was smuggling eggs into additional plastic bags she had brought in . ` Parents are the toughest ones to control . You expect the kids to go frantic and shove eggs into their pockets and shirts and pants . But when parents go past this level of gluttony , it 's not a good look . ' Mr Turner said they had to create a pram parking area outside the hunting spot to stop adults from smuggling eggs out by hiding them inside baby carriages . But he said this was the first year he had security guards escort a parent off site because they were taking too many of the 250,000 eggs donated by Hillier 's Chocolates . He said one of volunteers approached him on the day and told him a woman was throwing obscenities at her when they asked her to stop stuffing multiple bags full with treats . ' -LSB- The woman -RSB- was saying `` I 've not done it '' ... -LSB- but -RSB- she had definitely filled up a number of bags to the hilt , more than people paying $ 5 a bucket , ' Mr Turner said . ` She got irate and started carrying on and started having a go at my young volunteer who was only 13 years old . ` She was using the f-word , saying `` You ca n't stop from f *** ing doing this and f *** off '' . ' It was not the first time parents took more than their fair share - which is a $ 5 bucket full - but this is the first time organisers have had to kick someone out . The egg hunt looks to raise money for Zaidee 's Rainbow Foundation , which helps bring awareness of tissue and organ donation to the forefront . It was started by Zaidee Turner 's father , Allan , who wanted to honour his seven-year-old daughter who was an organ donor when she died . Mr Turner said it was a shame this woman had acted in this way as she was at a family event , which he had started in the honour of his daughter , Zaidee , who died of a brain anuerysm when she seven years old . He said Zaidee 's Rainbow Foundation tried to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation . At the time of her death , Mr Turner said Zaidee was one of the youngest people in Victoria to be on the donor list , saving the lives of up to seven people . Zaidee -LRB- not pictured -RRB- died of a brain aneurysm in 2004 and she has been remembered through the hunt . Mr Turner said parents were often the most difficult to control at these hunts as they were scrambling to get as many eggs as possible . Organisers have had to stop parents bringing prams because they were using them to smuggle out eggs . ` We try to -LSB- do events -RSB- left of field for organ and tissue donation , ' he said . ` We 've had jockey breeches with rainbow stripes on the side , we 've done that for a number of years where -LSB- jockeys -RSB- wear them at race events and we came up with the idea of Melbourne 's Greatest Easter Egg Hunt . ` It 's Melbourne 's biggest Easter egg hunt and it raises much needed funds in an area where there are benefits for young and old . '