A retired Calgary couple who were attacked by pirates during a sailing trip in Honduras two weeks ago said they 're grateful to be alive after the terrifying incident . Loretta Reinholdt , 54 , and Andy Wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked . Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas . Reinholdt -LRB- left -RRB- and Wasinger -LRB- right -RRB- were on a hired sailboat with a captain two weeks ago when four men waved them down , boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money before pushing their boat to the shore of a remote beach , leaving the couple and captain stranded for four days . ` They were yelling , ' Reinholdt , a former nurse , told CBC . ` They were demanding more money . They did n't believe we only had that amount . And the more angry they got , the more scary it was . ` And they actually had me , pulling my hair and a knife on my throat , demanding more money from the captain . ' Wasinger , a former computer programmer , added : ` I knew we had to comply with the pirates and not be heroes . ' After the terrifying hold-up , the pirates pushed the sailboat to the shoreline of a remote beach in Jeanette Kawas National Park , cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire , leaving the couple and their captain stranded . They also took gasoline , the radio and drinking water from the boat . The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail , which was discovered by hikers four days later . ` It was great . It was one of the best moments of my life , I think . I was ecstatic , ' Wasinger told CTV News . ` I know we can go through anything in life now after this situation . We are a lot closer as a couple and we live life every day as if it is our last . ' During their time in the jungle , they survived on rainwater , peanut butter and cheese and make a make-shift tent to stay in until they were saved . ` We hugged each other , we cried , ' Reinholdt told CBS . ` And we could n't thank them enough for doing this for us , because they were also brave that they actually came to the area . So , it 's unbelievable . We were so happy to be alive . ' Their rescuers took trio to the town to Tela , where they met Honduras President Juan Orlando Hernandez , who happened to be staying in the area . He offered them a presidential helicopter ride to the nearest airport and the country 's government handled the bill for the couple to fly to Mexico , where they were sent to recover . Canada 's Department of Foreign Affairs told CBS that they were aware of the attack and consular officials at the Tegucigalpa embassy have been in contact with local authorities to gain more information . ` Canadians travelling to Honduras should be aware that serious crime -- including armed robbery , kidnapping , carjacking , home invasion and sexual assault -- is common , and armed attacks on marine vessels have been reported , ' foreign affairs spokesman Nicolas Doire said in a statement . He added that there is a travel advisory regarding safety and security in the country on the the government of Canada 's website . And as for Reinhold and Wasinger , they told the Calgary Herald that though this was their first sailing trip , it will likely be their last . Buthey might return to Honduras - only they would stay in populated areas and would not go alone . ` I ca n't say enough about how the Honduran people helped us , ' Reinholdt said . ` Everyone was so friendly . '