An eastern Long Island widow and her 14-year-old have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to New York City to see a play . Iona Costello , 51 , and her daughter Emily , from Greenport , were going into the city when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . Iona Costello , 51 -LRB- right -RRB- and her 14-year-old daughter Emily -LRB- left -RRB- have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . The pair often go to shows and museums in New York City , but relatives have filed a missing person report after Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break . Relatives of the family , who own a horse farm on Long Island 's North Fork , reported them missing on Tuesday . ` She said she was going to Manhattan for Easter , ' Iona 's mother Diana Malcolmson , 80 , told Daily Mail Online . The grandmother , who lives in nearby Shelter Island , New York , said police told her that surveillance footage from the parking garage showed Mrs Costello and Emily walking away from their car on March 30 , holding suitcases and laughing . She said that she spoke regularly with her daughter , but had not heard about any plans for extended vacations . Iona Costello also has family in England , though they have not heard from her , according to Southold Local . While trips into New York were fairly normal , Emily being out of school is not . The ninth grader had been scheduled to return to Ross School in East Hampton from her Spring Break this past Tuesday . Iona Costello 's husband George , the co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 . Police said that they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the Costellos may be in danger . The mother had told workers at her farm that she would be ` back on Tuesday ' but did not return on March 31st , April 7th or April 14th . Workers at the horse farm say it is strange for Mrs Costello not to be in contact with them about raising the animals . Southold police Chief of Police Martin Flatley told Daily Mail Online that his force do not expect any foul play . He said that he does not currently have any hard evidence to point to the mother and daughter being in danger . Relative Jane Costello said that calls to both Iona 's and Emily 's phones go straight to voicemail . Police still say they do not expect any foul play in the case , though workers at the Costello 's North Fork farm say that she would normally be in contact about the business 's affairs . Workers at the farm , which also includes cows , said that Mrs Costello told them she would be ` back on Tuesday ' Mrs Costello was a well-known equestrian in eastern Long Island , according to the East Hampton Star . Iona 's husband George , co-owner of construction company Costello Marine in Greenport , died at the age of 63 a heart attack in 2012 . The pair had married in 1999 . It is not believed that the Costellos owned any property in New York , according to Chief Flatley , though authorities are now looking at a wider circle of relatives that may know about their movements in the city . A spokesperson for the NYPD said that city police are working in conjunction with Southold officers , but have not yet received any sightings of the mother and daughter . Southold Police have asked anyone who sees Mrs Costello or her daughter to contact them at 631-765-2600 .