Ahead of golf 's first major of the year , where all talk is of whether Rory McIlroy can complete a career grand slam or how Tiger Woods ' latest comeback will fare , Sportsmail 's Derek Lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at Augusta . World No 1 Rory McIlroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at Augusta . VINTAGE POULTS ! You got ta love Ian Poulter . Even after all these years , the Englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down Magnolia Lane for the Masters . Only one problem . As he got out of the car , he realised he 'd left one rather important item back at his rental home . His golf clubs . Englishman Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs . CAN FLU-HIT HENRIK FLY ? There is a reason why the phrase ` beware the injured golfer ' has entered the sport 's lexicon . So who among the lame , sick and wounded currently playing down their chances is going to confound his own expectations this week ? Listening to Swede Henrik Stenson , who 's just getting over a nasty bout of flu , he fits the bill . Henrik Stenson of Sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu . LOOK OUT FOR TIGER CUBS . Has Tiger Woods finally learned to look up and smell the azaleas ? Not only will he play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade but sharing bag-carrying duties will be his two offspring , Charlie and Sam . Do you think there might be one or two photographers who will take an interest ? Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament . THE PIONEER GENE . Masters Tuesday saw the 80th anniversary of the most famous shot in the tournament 's history , the one that put the event on the map , when Gene Sarazen made his albatross on the 15th hole in the final round to edge out Craig Wood . Rory McIlroy will impress us all if he completes his career Grand Slam in more dramatic fashion than that . Gene Sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th . WAITING FOR SWEET 16 . A practice-round tradition at this grand old tournament is to gather around the beautiful par-three 16th hole and see which players are talented enough to skip their golf balls across the water and on to the green . So far , none has matched the amazing feats of Vijay Singh in 2009 and Martin Kaymer in 2012 , whose shots not only reached the green but dropped into the hole . Martin Kaymer of Germany is one of two players to have holed after skipping off the water at the 16th . HAND IT OVER , SIR . As the patrons make their way through the admission gates to Augusta National , the plethora of signs listing the prohibited items offers reassuring confirmation of the list of priorities at the Masters . In order : No cellphones . No cameras . No knives . No weapons .