Football-mad Logan Kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when accidentally drowned . A British schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in Lanzarote . Football-mad Logan Kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died in what Spanish police have described as an ` accidental drowning ' . Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan , they were unable to save him . A spokesperson for the Guardia Civil said : 'Em ergency services were called to the scene at 14.30 and tried in vain to revive him using CPR . ` Every indication is the cause of death was accidental drowning . ' Logan was on holiday in Costa Teguise on the eastern side of island - a busy tourist spot which is known for its beaches . Tributes have been paid to the youngster who was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath , Birmingham . Head teacher Kevin McEvoy said : ` We were very saddened to hear the news about a much-loved and valued young student . ` Logan was fully involved in the daily life of the school and in after school activities . ` He was highly regarded as an excellent young footballer who represented the school with distinction . ` As a school , we are providing support for children and staff , working in liaison with Birmingham Educational Psychology Service . ` We are in close contact with Logan 's relatives and our thoughts and prayers are for Logan and his family at this sad time . ' ` We are in close contact with Logan 's relatives and our thoughts and prayers are for Logan and his family at this sad time . ' Logan also played as an centre-half for Birmingham City Football Club 's under 13s . The club has expressed its dismay at the young man 's death . The BCFC 's trust director Dean Holtham was quoted by the Birmingham Mail as saying the group was ` deeply saddened ' to learn of Logan 's death . He described the teenager as a smashing lad and a valued member of the Junior Blue 's under 13s . The trust , which works to develop young talent , rather than the club 's youth academy plans to call off its league games this weekend as a mark of respect . Friends and loved ones have also left emotional tributes to Logan on his Facebook page . Friends left Tribute to Logan on his Facebook wall , one said ` miss you Logan and that cheeky smile you always had , words ca n't describe how I 'm feeling ' Kane Avfc Mcmahon wrote : ` Rest in Paradise Logan , ca n't believe you 're gone . ` Football wo n't be the same without you . Too young to be taken away , it does n't feel real . ` You were a real talent . We had the best memories and laughs . Sitting here asking myself ` why you ? ' ` I hope your up there watching down on me bro , RIP Logan . ' Felicia Chelsea Coomber added : ` RIP Logan . I 'm gon na miss you , sleep tight Logan Kehoe . ' Amy Porter wrote : ` Rest in paradise Logan Kehoe , too young to be taken away from us all , gone but never forgotten . ` Gon na -LRB- sic -RRB- miss you Logan and that cheeky smile you always had , words ca n't describe how I 'm feeling . R.I.P xxx ' The Foreign Office confirmed it was offering help to Logan 's family . ` We are aware of the death of a British national in Lanzarote and we are offering consular assistance , ' a spokesman said . Costa Teguise : Logan was enjoying the end of his holiday in the Canary Islands and would have returned to school for the start of the summer term today .