Killer cop Michael Slager is not eligible for South Carolina 's death penalty even if he is convicted of murder , according to local prosecutors . The North Charleston police officer ca n't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined ` aggravating circumstances ' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty . It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount , the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man 's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit . The video shows Slager weighing in on an arrest in progress , announcing that he 's going to Tase Julius Garnett Wilson , who is laying on the floor , then discharging his weapon . Taser : Michael Slager , the North Charleston cop charged with murder , is pictured above firing a Taser at a black man being held down by two fellow officers . The man being stunned is now filing a lawsuit . Killing : Slager is being held in prison on murder charges after this video emerged of him shooting derad 50-year-old Walter Scott . As Wilson writhes on the floor he then yells ` turn over or you 're going to get it again ' in the footage , dated August 2014 . Wilson , who was pulled over on his way to work at 4 am for having a faulty tail light , is seen on dash cam recording insisting he has done nothing wrong , and demanding to know why he is being placed under arrest . Charges : Slager is facing an accusation of murder - but wo n't face the death penalty . The two officers , including Slager , do n't explain and instead demand that he get out of the car . After one points a gun at him , he is seen being pulled out of the car . According to ABC News4 , the officer in question said he drew his pistol after Wilson reached for something in the car . A third officer then arrives , and takes over from Slager attempting to subdue Wilson . Slager then warns his fellow officers to stand back before discharging the Taser . Attorneys for Wilson allege that his civil rights were breached , according to the New York Times . Wilson was charged with driving under suspension and resisting arrest . He pleaded guilty to resisting arrest , but the driving charge was later dropped . Other lawsuits against Slager are likely to follow in the light of his highly-publicized killing of Scott , a 50-year-old father of four . Mario Givens , who files an excessive force complaint against Slager in 2013 , also said he intends to mount another case . Givens says that Slager knocked on his door and threatened him with the Taser unless he put his hands on his head . When he did , Givens claims Slager used the Taser on him anyway . Slager was looking for Givens 's brother , Matthew , who is significantly shorter than him . Killed : Walter Scott , pictured above left and right , was shot dead by police officer Michael Slager on April 4 . A murder indictment and any trial for Slager is still months away - but prosecutors have already said that there is no chance he will be executed . Charleston County 's chief prosecutor Scarlett Wilson made the point Monday , after media reporting on the shooting widely pointed out that South Carolina law does include the death penalty . However , she said Monday that ` based on the facts received thus far , it does not appear South Carolina 's death penalty provision applies in this case ' . The state law which outlines the possible punishment for murder lists 12 ` aggravating circumstances ' which enable the death penalty . Some include other crimes being carried out at the same time , including torture , rape , drug trafficking , kidnapping , burglary and arson . Other provisions allow the death penalty if the victim is a child , a police officer , witness or court official , and if the crime is part of a mass murder . Scott 's death reignited a public outcry over police treatment of minorities that flared last year after the killings of unarmed black men in Ferguson , Missouri , New York City , and elsewhere . North Charleston fired Slager last week after he was charged with murder . A cellphone video showed him shooting at Scott 's back eight times as he ran away . Slager , who was being held in Charleston County jail , could face 30 years to life in prison if convicted . A spokesman for the North Charleston police department declined to comment .