The BBC filled more than half its election TV debate audience with left-leaning voters , some of whom were brought in from Scotland and Wales , it emerged last night . The audience at the filming of Thursday night 's debate in Westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration . When Ukip leader Nigel Farage interjected and said they were prejudiced , ` even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC ' , the audience only booed him further . Scroll down for video . Bias : When Ukip leader Nigel Farage -LRB- right -RRB- said the audience was prejudiced , they only booed him further . David Dimbleby , who hosted Thursday night 's debate between the Labour , Ukip , Green , SNP and Plaid Cymru leaders , pointed out that the audience had not been selected by the BBC , but by a ` reputable polling organisation ' , later to be revealed to be ICM . The BBC initially refused to disclose the political make-up of the audience but eventually released figures late yesterday . Of the 200-strong audience , about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters while about 102 backed left-leaning parties -- Labour , the Lib Dems , SNP , Plaid Cymru or the SNP . The rest -- 40 -- described themselves as undecided . The figures mean just 36 per cent of the audience members with a declared political allegiance were supporters of the Tories or Ukip . But the latest ICM poll for the Guardian put the Tories on 39 per cent and Ukip on 7 per cent -- a total of 46 per cent overall . Last night Mr Farage said : ` If the audience make-up did n't reflect that then it 's wrong . ' Out in the cold : Ukip leader Nigel Farage cuts a isolated figure at the end of the BBC TV debate on Thursday . The BBC told ICM to make sure a fifth were so-called floating voters , and for every five Labour supporters in the room , it made sure there were five for the Conservatives , four for the Lib Dems , two for the Scottish National Party , two for the Green Party and one for Plaid Cymru . The figures suggest supporters of the Tories and Ukip were significantly under-represented . ICM admitted that it recruited almost all of its audience members London . The company said in a statement that it identified ` 30 small geographical areas ' within a 20-mile radius of the Westminster debate hall and found at least eight people from each one . It also selected a ` small number ' of SNP and Plaid Cymru from Scotland and Wales using an undisclosed method ` reasonably decided upon by ICM ' . The company refused to answer any other questions about the matter . Yesterday the BBC refused to disclose how many people had complained about its broadcast . ` Our data shows the number of audience contacts were heavily influenced by the issue being raised during the debate and therefore we wo n't be giving out figures , ' a BBC spokesman said . Conservative MP Andrew Percy said : ` The audience should reflect the opinion polls and the fact is that nearly half of the country say they would vote Conservative of Ukip , ' ` You have to ask yourself what would have happened if the audience had been right of centre . The left would have had a field day . They would have been so holier-than-thou . ' John Hemming , Liberal Democrat MP for Birmingham Yardley , said the BBC 's behaviour was ` ludicrous ' and its refusal to publish the number of complaints ` added insult to injury ' . The contest saw Labour 's Ed Miliband , SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon , Ukip 's Nigel Farage , Green 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood go head-to-head .