The eye is one of the most complex yet delicate part of the human body . Now engineers claim to have designed a range of synthetic eyes that may one day let us replace and even enhance our own sense of vision . Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project is has been working on to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease . It could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision , people would be able to replace their entire eye . The MHOX Eye concept -LRB- above -RRB- is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye . The group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight . While currently still just a concept , the project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come . The team behind MHOX say their synthetic eyes , which include lenses that improves the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision , could be available by 2027 . Scientists claim to have made a ` giant leap ' towards creating 3D organs that could be simply printed out in hospitals when needed for a transplant . An international team have created the first organs that include a full vascular network for transporting blood through organs . They say it could even allows organs damaged by cancer to simply replaced . Scientists from the Universities of Sydney , Harvard , Stanford and MIT have now bio-printed artificial vascular networks mimicking the body 's circulatory system that are necessary for growing large complex tissues . Using a high-tech ` bio-printer ' , the researchers fabricated a multitude of interconnected tiny fibres to serve as the mold for the artificial blood vessels . They then covered the 3D printed structure with a cell-rich protein-based material , which was solidified by applying light to it . Lastly they removed the bio-printed fibres to leave behind a network of tiny channels coated with human endothelial cells , which self organised to form stable blood capillaries in less than a week . Filippo Nassetti and Alessandro Zomparelli , the two Italian designers leading the project , said : ` Latest developments in bioprinting and biohacking let us imagine that in the near future it would be possible to easily print organic , functional body parts , allowing the human to replace defected districts or enhance standard performance . ` This project is based on the idea of augmenting the sight sense , increasing the functionalities of the eye with ones currently handled by other body segments or external devices . ' Under MHOX designs , patients with eye disease will inthe future be able to replace their eye with a synthetic one printed in a laboratory . For those looking to improve their vision , they could buy the ` Enhance ' model that features a ` hyper retina ' to give 15/10 vision - significantly better than normal 20/20 vision . They say it could also include a gland that can filter the visual signal to the brain by producing vintage or black and white effects much like a modern camera . They say these could be turned on or off by swallowing a pill that alters the state of this gland . The Eye Advance model adds a wifi connection that allows what the eye is seeing to be recorded and shared with others . It could also connect to external devices to act like a camera . They say a socket that connects the eye to the brain - which would require a surgical operation - would allow eyes to be interchangable . The synthetic eyes would come in three different models -LRB- above -RRB- according to the designs outlined by MHOX . MHOX propose combining new technology like Wifi with bioprinting to produce an enhanced bionic eye . The concept sounds a little like something out of the science fiction hit Blade Runner where bioengineers built new eyes for robotic replicants . Writing on their website , Mr Nassetti and Mr Zomparelli said : ` The installation of the EYE augmentations needs a first surgical operation aimed at installing the Deck , the technology that actually connects the eye to the brain . ` After that , augmented eyes can be easily interchanged by their own users without the need of additional surgery . ` Besides allowing to use different augmentations in different contexts , this system is suitable for easy hardware upgrade . ' The designers say 3D bioprinters could be used to create the tissues to create the complex eye stucture .