Fitness guru Ashy Bines , who has almost one million followers on social media , has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites . The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube after a blogger - who looks into ` exposing the truth of Ashy Bines ' dishonest business ethics ' - posted about the similarities between recipes on Ms Bines ' website and a food blog . It comes as Ms Bines - who is from the Gold Coast in Queensland - also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child , with one saying they hoped her baby would be born with a disability , News Corp reported . Scroll down for video . Fitness guru Ashy Bines has addressed the revelations the recipes she shared were copied in an online video . The workout queen - who is about about 15 weeks pregnant - is best known for her 12-week exercise program , Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge . Addressing the plagiarism accusations , Ms Bines explained she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ` better qualified ' to give advice in a video seen by Daily Mail Australia . ` By outsourcing ... to a nutritionist I was trying to give you all something of value and to come up with delicious recipes from the food I suggested , ' she said . ` Unfortunately I may have been too naïve to think that I would n't have check the origins of each recipe , instead trusting that the work would be completed in an honest and professional manner . Ms Bines is best known for her 12-week exercise program , Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge . The 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media , with almost one million followers . Ms Bines has also revealed she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . ` It 's recently come to my attention that some of these recipes were not original at all and have been copied from other sources . ` This was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen . ' Ms Bines did not make it clear in her video if she had discontinued her association with the nutritionist or if they had been compensated for their work . The health expert also claims people had been making negative remarks about her unborn child , the Gold Coast Bulletin reported . Ms Bines hit back at the social media user who said they hoped her unborn child would get Down 's Syndrome . While a supporter helped defend Ms Bines from the online troll , telling them to ` grow up and mature ' Examples of the comments include ` I hope it gets down syndrome , you dirty liar ' and ` you are a bitch , I pray a truck runs you over ' . Ms Bines expressed disbelief at the comment involving her unborn child . ` To wish a baby gets Down syndrome gosh I actually did n't think you could sink any lower -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' she wrote on her social media account in response to the woman 's comment . While a supporter jumped in to also defend Ms Bines . ` Hate someone so much that you go out of your way to stalk them and wish an intentional disability on someone 's baby ? ' the supporter said . ` When you grow up and mature and someone wishes that your baby is still born because they would hate to see such a tragic soul bring a poor bub into your world , let us know how it feels . ` Given that you think downs -LSB- sic -RSB- is so bad , it is people like you that the world does not need . ' Examples of the comments include ` I hope it gets down syndrome you dirty liar ' and ` you are a bitch , I pray a truck runs you over ' Since starting her business , Ms Bines has had to deal with online trolls on her Facebook , Instagram and blog . Ms Bines said she had come a long way and had developed a thicker skin to deal with the nasty comments . Since starting her business , Ms Bines has had to deal with online trolls on her Facebook , Instagram and blog . She has been forced to defend photographs of her body and her fitness regimes . In a video about how she addressed negative comments , Ms Bines said she had come a long way and had developed a thicker skin to deal with them . She said she had been told to get lip injections , she was not muscly enough to be in the industry and she needed to lose weight , adding these remarks were ` pretty standard ' and were directed at her often . When Ms Bines was contacted by News Corp for further comment she requested a story not to be written about the copied recipes and did not want to make a statement about the revelations . She said the media was to blame for ` depression and suicide ' . Daily Mail Australia has approached Ms Bines for comment on the matter .