A lobster restaurant in Canada has issued a detailed and sincere apology after it was attacked by online commenters for a ban on ` small screaming children ' . Lobster Pound and Moore , in Cape Breton , Nova Scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' , saying that it ` caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves ' . The message , posted last Sunday night , was deleted by Monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents . Scroll down for video . Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton , Nova Scotia , kicked off a Internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow ` small screaming children ' into its dining room . The Canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was ` an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves ' Commenters began giving the restaurant 's Facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant . ` Would n't grace their doors if they paid me . Their lack of compassion to even post in a professional manner leaves such a bad taste who would bother to try the food ! ' Sarah Valley said on a poor review . Others said that some adults were far more annoying at restaurants than children and said they took particular offense because children can have tantrums due to special needs conditions such as autism . The restaurant later posted an apology on the page , saying that the ` hate and threats ' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy . It said that it chose the ` wrong words ' for its post and that it ` will take any belly that is hungry ' . Abuse targeting his restaurant , as well as ` hate and threats ' aimed at his family , prompted chef and owner Richard Moore to reverse his policy and make a detailed apology on Facebook . Moore said that he always tries his best to provide for his customers but made an unfortunate choice of words when he called his youngest patrons ` small screaming children ' instead of ` Lil diners having a moment ' The restaurateur said that he sympathized with parents whose children have tantrums because of special needs conditions such as autism , saying he understands it ` first hand ' ` I love kids and would have them if I could . I shouldnt have used the word screaming but should have said something like ` Lil diners having a moment ' , the owner Richard Moore said . He continued that he tries to accommodate everyone 's dietary needs and ` understands first hand conditions such as autism ' . ` I never considered the hate and threats it would bring against not only me but those I love and for that I 'm truly sorry . ` I know some may find this silly but I love Cape Breton and moved home to give back . I 've disappointed you and myself . ` I will do better even if you do n't give me the chance . I was trying to be different and the ` go to ' happening place . ' After the owner 's heartfelt apology , other Nova Scotia residents and Facebook users voiced support for the no screaming child policy , which is no longer in effect . Some parents took offense at the idea of their children not being allowed to eat at a restaurant because of bad behavior . Others said they would enjoy the peace and quiet of an adult-oriented atmosphere -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The seaside establishment experienced a flurry of reviews both positive and negative after its previous policy got media attention from those for and against small children at restaurants . ` You may have lost some people ... but there are plenty who will greatly appreciate such a policy ... We just do n't whine ... -LRB- I mean , really , where do you think the kids learned ? -RRB- ' , commenter Lori-Jo Carroll posted under the apology . Others said they would appreciate such as policy as a means to get a peaceful , relaxing dinner . ` As a mother of 3 screaming children I support you !!! We never take our children out to restaurants unless it is geared specifically to children and families for that reason . And when my husband and I get out together for a date I do n't particularly want to hear kids screaming and parents yelling , ' Gina Ledwich said . The restaurant 's Facebook page had gathered hundreds of reviews as Sunday afternoon , with more than 100 one-star and nearly 400 five-star .