Former Manchester City manager Sven Goran Eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club , claiming they should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four . City , whose current squad cost a total of £ 368million , host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place Liverpool with six games to play . Eriksson , who was the last manager at City before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family , said they have underperformed given their financial clout . Yaya Toure wore a snood in training on Thursday despite it being the hottest week of the year . City were beaten 4-2 by fierce rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford last weekend . ` With the squad City have they should do better , ' he said , ` I think they have the best players in the Premier League , so they should be the best team , but they are not . They are out of the Champions League again and it looks like they will not win the Premier League this year . Now they have to concentrate to finish in the top four . I do n't know what is going wrong but with the money they have spent they have to do better . I suppose it is not good enough . ' Almost £ 1billion has been spent in an attempt to turn City into a major force in Europe since the Mansour family took over in 2008 . They have twice won the Premier League title since then and are current champions . But they are out of Europe , lost in the FA Cup to Middlesborough and have lost their last two league games , a painful 4-2 derby defeat to Manchester United and a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace . Eriksson , who is currently managing one of China 's top teams Shanghai SIPG , said the owners will expect silverware every season . Former England manager Sven Goran Eriksson -LRB- centre -RRB- managed City in the 2007-08 season . ` For these rich clubs whose owners invest a huge amount of money , they expect to win every year , but only one team can win the title . It is difficult to tell whether the players or manager is at fault because they won the league last year with the same players . It is hard to know what has made the difference this year . But City have come a long way in the last ten years . The year before I was there they were almost relegated . Now they have success and the fans should be happy . But expectations are high , and it is the same at Chelsea . They want their team to win all the time . '