Philip Hammond pledged to protect the Falklands from ` Argentinian bullying ' last night as the country began legal action against British companies exploring for oil off the islands . It follows a provocative speech by Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , prompting the Foreign Office to summon her ambassador for a dressing down . Buenos Aires responded by accusing three British oil firms of working without permission . The Argentine government said it was taking legal action against three British and two US companies for ` exploration activities for fossil fuels on the Argentine continental shelf without obtaining the corresponding authorisation ' . The legal complaint listed Rockhopper Exploration , Premier Oil , Falkland Oil and Gas Limited and US firms Noble Energy and Edison International -- accusing them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands ` subjected to the illegitimate British occupation ' . Argentina 's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner -LRB- centre -RRB- poses with veterans of the 1982 Falklands War , during the commemoration of the 33rd anniversary of the conflict last week . It also warned the rig 's owner , Greece-based firm Ocean Rig , that it could face ` legal consequences ' over the drilling . The diplomatic row over the fate of the Falklands has worsened in recent weeks , after the UK Government pledged to invest £ 180million in the islands ' defences over the next ten years . President Fernandez de Kirchner last week promised : ` We will see the islands form part of our territory again . It 's not just wishful thinking . ' Her remarks came on the 33rd anniversary of Argentina 's invasion of the Falklands , leading to a conflict that cost 250 British and 650 Argentinian lives . Last night Foreign Secretary Mr Hammond said : ` Cristina Kirchner 's threats against those who do business with the Falkland Islands are as hollow as they are illegal . The islanders have a perfect right to develop their oil and gas industry -- and they can rely on us to protect them from Argentinian bullying as they do so . ' Alicia Castro , Argentine ambassador to the UK , was summoned by the Foreign Office on Wednesday . Yesterday , in a tit-for-tat move , Argentine deputy foreign minister Eduardo Zuain summoned the UK ambassador to Buenos Aires , John Freeman , to complain about recent spying revelations by Edward Snowden . Daniel Filmus , minister for the Malvinas -- as Argentina calls the Falklands -- said his government would try to block further oil exploration . ` We want the owners of the companies to be tried according to Argentine laws and international statutes , ' he said , adding that this could involve ` an Argentine judge issuing an arrest warrant against those who operate illegally in Argentine waters ' . Although Falkland residents overwhelmingly voted to stay British in a recent referendum , Buenos Aires claims the islands and surrounding waters belong to Argentina . Defence Secretary Michael Fallon , pictured today , last month announced plans to boost the UK 's military defences of the Falkland Islands . Last week , the Argentine president and ambassador Alicia Castro publicly attacked the UK Government 's plan to boost defences on the South Atlantic islands . Mrs Kirchner 's government has also suggested that British oil firms could be prosecuted if they start drilling in the waters around the islands without formal permission from Argentina . The outspoken Argentine president 's latest comments came on April 2 , the 33rd anniversary of the start of the 1982 Falklands War . She reportedly said : ` International law and dialogue , not militarisation , are the path to a reunion and sovereignty . ` We will see the islands form part of our territory again . It 's not just wishful thinking . ' But a Foreign Office spokesman attacked the provocative intervention . He said : ` The UK has no doubt about its sovereignty over the Falkland Islands and surrounding maritime areas , nor about the Falkland Islanders ' right to decide their own future . ` We object strongly to recent statements by the Argentine president and the Argentine ambassador to London and so summoned the ambassador to account for these . ' It came after the British government last week dismissed the threat of prosecution against oil and gas firms working off the Falkland Islands . Three British firms - Premier Oil , Rockhopper Exploration and Falkland Oil & Gas - announced that they had found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands , which are claimed by Argentina . Last month , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the Government was preparing to ` beef up ' defences in the Falklands . He said two Chinook helicopters and an upgraded surface-to-air missile system will be part of a new defence package for the islands . Mr Fallon said : ` We 've been reviewing the defence of the Falklands , we do that every so often , and I 'm going to be announcing to parliament later today how we are going to beef up the defences there , how we are going to modernise our defences , and to reassure the islanders that we are absolutely committed to their right to remain British and to the defence of the islands ... ` We are absolutely committed to defending the Falklands . The threat to the Falklands has not gone away . ' He said ` modernising what we are doing ' in the Falklands was a response to the threat of Russia . ` Russia has changed . We hoped Russia would be a partner to us -- a normal trading partner that respected the rules of the international system , but it 's turned out that Russia is directly competing against and is becoming much more aggressive in lots of different parts of the world , and we have to respond to that . '