She might be approaching her 89th birthday but nothing was going to stop the Queen from enjoying a ride in the spring sunshine this morning . The monarch , 88 , was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park aboard her faithful black Fell pony , Carltonlima Emma . Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies , the Queen cut a relaxed figure as she enjoyed her ride but , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves . Enjoying the sunshine : The Queen enjoys a ride on her Fell pony Carltonlima Emma . The Queen , who has never worn riding helmets , has been encouraged to wear the safety hats in the past but is reportedly reluctant to wear one because of her hair . Speaking in an interview last year , her racing trainer Ian Balding recalled the moment he asked why the monarch never wears a riding hat . The Queen is said to have replied : ` I never have and you do n't have to have your hair done like I do . ' Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a Shetland pony , named Peggy , aged four . Since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them Betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and Surprise , a grey gelding whom the Queen famously galloped down the course at Ascot in 1961 . Equine enthusiast : Her Majesty adores the ponies and breeds them at Hampton Court . No helmet : The Queen never wears a riding helmet , preferring instead to ride in a silk headscarf . Cutting back : She has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury . Long term love : The Queen has ridden all her life and continues to breed several breeds of horse and pony . Recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over Trooping the Colour on horseback . Nevertheless , the Queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her Windsor stables . She is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably Prince Edward 's children , Lady Louise and James , Viscount Severn . Along with her thoroughbred race horses , the Queen also breeds Fell ponies and has a stud specialising in Highland ponies at Balmoral . First love : The Queen 's first pony was a tiny Shetland named Peggy who was given to her at the age of four . Familiar sight : The Queen riding her much-loved horse Burmese during Trooping the Colour . Seal of approval : A Fell pony foal similar to those being bred by the Queen at Hampton Court . One of the oldest equine breeds on the planet , Fell ponies like the Queen 's mount Carltonlima Emma , have roamed the moors of Cumbria since the Neolithic period . Docile , hardy and thick-set , the majority of Fell ponies are black , grey or bay and measure between 13 and 14hh . Highly prized by the Carvetii , the Iron Age tribe who occupied the region more than two millennia ago , the ponies later caught the eye of the invading Romans and were used as trade goods all over the Empire . The Romans also helped develop the breed into the relatively large animal it is today . Originally thought to have stood around 12hh tall -LRB- similar to Dartmoor and Exmoor ponies -RRB- , by the end of the Roman period , the average Fell was more than a hand higher . Another invader to fall in love with the Fell pony was the Vikings , who used the animals as pack ponies ; a use continued by the Normans . By the 13th century , the Fell 's usefulness as a pack animal was well-established and the pony played an important role in British trade until the end of the 18th century . Following the Industrial Revolution , Fells were used to transport iron ore and coal from mine to town , as well as underground when the height of the shaft allowed . Although previously used in trotting races , the Fell pony really came into its as a riding horse in the 1950s , when its gentle nature and pretty looks made it the pony of choice for families . Today , the pony remains a popular choice for riders of all ages , among them the Queen who breeds Fell ponies at her Hampton Court stud . Source : The Fell Pony Society .