Most parents have the souvenir of a scan of their child in the womb at 12 weeks . The must-have for IVF mums and dads these days , however , is a video and pictures right from the moment of conception . The images are thanks to revolutionary technology that allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life -- from fertilisation to the division of cells , right through to the growth of an embryo . Hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these EmbryoScope images , which are also helping scientists learn more about the IVF process . Scroll down for video . Pictured is the very first cell division of Pixie Morley , now aged nine months , taken using the revolutionary EmbryoScope technology . Sally and Stephen Morley -LRB- pictured with their daughter Pixie -RRB- are one of some 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology . Sally and Stephen Morley are among them . The grainy grey and white picture on this page shows the first cell division in the creation of their IVF baby , Pixie . A tiny camera , placed inside an incubator , films the reproduction process . As well as allowing parents to watch back the moment the embryos form , the technology -- developed in the US -- also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process . This narrows a mother 's chance of miscarrying . The Morleys , from Walsall , had spent months trying to have children naturally before opting for IVF . Mrs Morley , 38 , the head of a nursery , said : ` I knew time was against me being 36 when we started trying so when I failed to get pregnant each month I knew we should have fertility tests as soon as possible . ' While the couple were undergoing IVF , the EmbryoScope technology was introduced at the Midland Fertility Clinic , allowing them to be the first in their area to capture their child 's conception on camera . The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing . Pictured is the cell division of now nine-month-old Pixie . In October 2013 , the embryo was transferred into Mrs Morley 's womb and within two weeks she was told by doctors that the process had been successful . Now , nine months after Pixie 's birth , she is still able to re-watch the moment her daughter was conceived . Experts have hailed the technology as one of the most important developments in IVF . Professor Simon Fishel , who is boss of Care Fertility , the first clinic in Britain to use the EmbryoScope , said : ` We now know that embryos that do make babies and embryos that do n't make babies do different things . ` And to be able to see this in a time-matched movie and to be able to analyse it scientifically is absolutely wonderful science for us . ' Professor Fishel , who was part of the team that produced first test-tube baby , Louise Brown , in 1978 , said the EmbryoScope was revealing the secrets about what happens to embryos as they develop -- and why it is that around 70 per cent of them do not actually make babies . The videos were also an emotional milestone in the process of becoming a parent , Professor Fishel said . ` The couple can see the process of fertilisation , see the cells divide , see the number of cells grow and see them produce an embryo ... it is nothing short of observing the wonderful miracle of life . ' The video given to parents is a sped-up version of the process which occurs before the embryo develops . Professor Fishel said his patients were ` awestruck ' when given the footage but that the clinic only gave parents the video once a mother had fallen pregnant . He added that , at across the Care Fertility clinics , 1,000 couples , who had gone on to have a baby , had been given footage of their embryo 's development .