A man who passed out at a friend 's party woke up with more than a hangover when he discovered a guest had tattooed his back . While Josh Darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate Rob Gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ` If found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a DIY kit . Josh , from Mossley , near Ashton , only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror - and said his partner went ` absolutely bonkers ' when she saw it . Josh Darnbrough awoke after a party to find that his friend had tattooed his back . Josh -LRB- centre -RRB- was tattooed by his friend Rob Gaskell -LRB- right -RRB- who was taking revenge on his mate after Josh had attempted to tattoo Rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong . Rob said he carried out the practical joke on Josh , who had passed out at a New Year 's Eve party , in revenge for a tattoo Josh did on Rob 's leg two years ago - which had gone horribly wrong . Starting off with a design for a lizard , Josh tried to turn it into a cross , then some hands and a gun - leading to one almighty , permanent mess on Rob 's leg and causing his partner to go ` bonkers ' . So when he saw Josh passed out at the party , Rob - who is a father of three - said he ` could n't resist ' the opportunity to execute revenge - and spent 30 minutes etching his own design into his mate 's back . Amazingly , the prank has n't harmed the pair 's friendship - and the childhood friends , who are both having their tattoos removed , still see each other every day . But Rob does admit to regretting the prank once he had sobered up . He said : ` The opportunity presented itself and I could n't resist . ` I did n't feel guilty when I was doing it because I 'd had a few drinks myself but I was quite remorseful afterwards and asked everyone not to tell Josh who had done it . ' Josh , who is a support worker , said although it was a shock , he has managed to see the funny side . ` I was pretty astonished when I looked in the mirror - I thought , `` I did n't go to bed with a tattoo '' ' , he said . ` I did n't know when I 'd got it and no one would tell me who 'd done it . But since I found out it was Rob it has n't affected our friendship at all - we still see each other every day . It 's just practical jokes between mates . ' Rob , also a support worker , added that he would advise anyone against at-home tattoos . ` We had bought a DIY tattoo kit online and originally it was a well-intentioned exercise , ' he said . ` Then when it did n't turn out right it dawned on me this was forever and I was stuck with it . The pair are both getting their tattoos removed by laser technician Maria Patricia -LRB- right -RRB- and say the incident has n't affected their friendship . ` Josh started off doing a lizard , then a cross , then some hands and a gun - he did an abomination of a job and every time he tried to touch it up it got worse . ` When my partner saw it she went absolutely bonkers . If anyone is thinking of trying their own DIY tattoos - I would just say , do n't . ' The pair are now getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment - carried out by technician Maria Patricia at the clinic she runs based at her Ashton home . Maria , 47 , who started her business four years ago , says she has seen an increasing number of people seeking help after getting DIY tattoos . ` We are not against tattoos here at all , but DIY ones can lead to problems , ' she said . ` Sometimes people come in and it 's scarred because they have pushed the needle too far in and dragged it . ` You can also get infections or what we call ` blow out ' when the needle is pushed in so deep there is nowhere the ink can go and it just spreads , looking like a bruise . ` No laser can get that out when it happens , you just have to get a cover-up tattoo . ' Surprisingly enough Maria would also advise on going to professional rather than doing your tattoos yourself . ` We 've definitely seen an increase in people coming to us with home made tattoos since we opened . ` We 're just trying to say to people if you want a tattoo done , go somewhere professional , do not use one of these DIY kits . '