Meet the Australian families who take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach , go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one . They eat and live like cats and dogs , grow up learning how to hop , let their owners give them regular baths , sneak into the kitchen for snacks , take naps and mingle with other pets . Samantha Wills , from Williamstown in South Australia , welcomed the joey dubbed ` Crash ' into her family after he was thrown from his mother 's pouch when she was hit by a car . ` He looked battered , bruised and I really did n't think he was going to survive when I found him but with a lot of love , care and research , I got him back to great health , ' Ms Wills told Daily Mail Australia . Crash , who lives in SA , taking a nap with one of Samantha Wills ' children after a long day of adventures . Suzie Nellist from Queensland said her pet Wally the wallaby and her cat get along very well . Lunchtime : Wally the wallaby being fed milk from the bottle -LRB- left -RRB- and a cheeky snack in the kitchen -LRB- right -RRB- . Nine months on , the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events . ` Crash goes away on holiday with us , ' Ms Wills said . ` He has been to two weddings , a ninth birthday party and has even kayaked up the Murray River and the sea at Wallaroo and attended my children 's school for show and tell . ` He used to visit my nan , who adored him , at a nursing home and he would also keep all the elderly people entertained in there - they all loved him . ` When nan passed away a few weeks ago , Crash went to her funeral . ' While kangaroos are known to grown as big as 1.8 metres tall , Ms Wills said her family are enjoying their time with Crash while he is small . ` We 're not sure what the future will bring because he will get really big , ' she said . Bath time : Wally the wallaby going in for his regular baths . Crash going on fishing trips and strolls along the beach with the Wills family . Crash attending a ninth birthday party where he took part in the donut on the string with the kids . Crash going on his regular adventures with the family -LRB- left -RRB- and being carried in a sports bag -LRB- right -RRB- . Despite the roo going on regular trips with his family , Ms Wills said she does get the unusual stares from other people in public . ` They do give us weird stares but most of the time they would all come over for pats and to ask lots of questions , ' she said . ` It really is amazing to see how many people instantly love him and want to pat him . ` Country people do n't get the opportunity to get up close either when they drive down the road and see them all in the paddocks . ' But it the Wills family are not the only ones who have a pet kangaroo in their home . When Ms Nellist was pregnant , Wally did n't let anyone near her belly and would lay across from her as if he was ` protecting me ' Snack time : Crash being given treats . Wally the wallaby taking a nap after a long day . Kangaroos are pets too : Crash hanging with the family dog -LRB- left -RRB- and Wally watching TV with the cat -LRB- right -RRB- . Crash going on a road trip with the Wills family -LRB- left -RRB- and Wally the wallaby taking a nap with his cat friend . Suzie Nellist , from Innisfail in far north of Queensland , found Wally the wallaby on top of his dead mother on the side of the road and took him home to nurse him back to health . ` It 's quite common to find abandoned wallabies where I live , ' Ms Nellist told Daily Mail Australia . ` I 've seen him recover and grow so big and strong , which inspired me to find a way to do it full-time , ' The 20-year-old wildlife carer who has cared for injured and orphaned wallabies for many years said they make great pets but only in the right circumstances . ` Roos make great companions if they are given a choice to be free and quite often , they still hang around , ' she said . ` We have quite a large space for our guys , and they all get along great with my dog and cat . They become quite close and adapt to them like a mob . ` It 's really quite amazing to see them all sleeping in the backyard or eating all their dinner together . Wildlife carer Suzie Nellist has cared for injured and orphaned wallabies for many years . Wally the wallaby getting his regular baths -LRB- left -RRB- and a cheeky snack in the kitchen -LRB- right -RRB- . While it sounds too easy to own kangaroos in our backyards , Ms Nellist said it 's hard work . While it sounds too easy to keep a kangaroo in the backyard , Ms Nellist said it 's hard work and they 're not always easy . ` They are like naughty toddlers , ' she said . ` We had to put locks on all our cupboards and put our bins up high to keep them from tipping bins over and breaking into cupboards . ` Wally actually learned how to break into our cupboard to get to the sweet potatoes . ` They have a beautiful little cheeky character , but it can be hard work if you do n't have the time or patience for them . Crash resting in front of the fireplace -LRB- left -RRB- and Wally the wallaby going on a road trip -LRB- right -RRB- . Wally the wallaby hanging around next to his owner . Crash playing in the backyard . For people interested in owning a kangaroo , Ms Nellist said she would definitely recommend it to everyone . For people who are interested in owning a pet kangaroo , Ms Nellist said she would definitely recommend it to everyone . ` I think everyone needs to see the natives from a different perspective , ' she said . ` People often get the impression they are a pest , or they are inadequate but they have the right to be here . ` They definitely deserve more respect than what they get , and I think if more people got up close to them , and saw them the way I see them , they could really appreciate them . Ms Nellist advises : ` If anyone does see a dead wallaby or kangaroo on the road , it 's important to check their pouch for any joey and call the local wildlife carer if you do find one . They eat and live like cats and dogs - and make a great companion . The adorable kangaroo going on a fishing trip with the Wills ' family .