Vassilis was born in a boat . His mother was trying to make it from her home on the island of Ammouliani , only a mile across the Aegean , to the mainland . But she was too late . And so a boy came into this world at sea , and there was only one life he was fated to live . A snooze in the sunshine : The Eagles Palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays . Today , tall and bronzed , like a warrior from the legions of Alexander the Great , Vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the Mount Athos peninsula in north-eastern Greece . As we fly along like a turbo-charged bronco , dolphins breach the surface and plunge below , and then a sea turtle , almost 5ft long , slides alongside . Vassilis 's eyes instinctively scan the water -- and then he shouts with delight . The man who has sailed these waters all his life has n't seen a turtle here in 25 years . Vassilis is the boatman at the Eagles Palace , a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast . It is 90 minutes ' drive from the airport at Thessaloniki , along a road that meanders through olive groves and low-lying wooded valleys , into a corner of Greece that is a world away from the fleshpots of the party islands far to the south . We are afforded the warmest of welcomes . Out of the blue : The Eagles Palace hotel occupies a pristine location 90 minutes ' drive from Thessaloniki . Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach , the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants -LRB- serving food and wine from local farms , vineyards and its very own olive grove -RRB- , cooling courtyards , beach bars and a large saltwater pool . The beach itself shelves gently into water , which is astonishingly clear because the Aegean sweeps into the bay and then out again every 20 minutes . There is a kids ' club , though it seems more suited to children younger than our son , Mike , 11 , and daughter Alice , seven . Pavlos is the man if you want to take out a sea kayak or do some light paddle-boarding or more strenuous mountain-biking . Taken for a ride : Guests can head out on jetskis - although watersports at the hotel are not entirely cheap . Unlike most dudes you meet at a watersports hut , he has an MBA from New York - oh , and he runs ultra-marathons , too . He does a brilliant job of shepherding Mike on his first sea kayak outing , helping him to steer his boat nimbly around rocks jutting from the sea bed . Pavlos has just introduced a specialist course for children , which will see them developing their skills on the water as the week goes on . If Pavlos is the urbane young face of adventure sports , Mr Dinos , the watersports supremo , is the salty sea dog who looks as though he might have sailed in his youth with Odysseus . Crucial credentials : Eagles Palace is an awarded member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World group . Crinkly blue eyes smile out from under his weather-beaten cap as he waves his walnut arm and asks : ` What will it be today ? ' Mind you , the watersports do n't come cheap - € 70 for two people for ten minutes ' parasailing , and € 50 for quarter of an hour on a jet ski . But , hey , you 're on holiday . While Alice yells to go faster on the jet ski , Mike chooses the more sedate but vertiginous thrills of parasailing . As he is winched up into the piercing blue sky attached to a harness in front of his nervous mum , his face cracks into a huge grin and , despite his legs jiggling around like a demented frog , he calls it the ` best fun ever ' . A place to let a week slide by : The hotel has a gently shelving beach lapped by the Aegean Sea . This area of Greece is known for its astonishing panoply of monasteries . Prince Charles is a regular visitor , spending time in the company of the monks in the Simonos Petras monastery , which crouches on top of a rock high above the sea . Such is said to be Charles 's fascination with the Greek Orthodox religion that he has installed Byzantine art in his Highgrove garden . Far above the twinkling domes , on the peak of Mount Athos itself , sits a stone building . Who would build a chapel on top of a mountain 6,000 ft high , I wonder out loud ? ` They have faith , ' Vassilis tells me later . Then , he recounts the story of the monk who tumbled over a cliff face and plunged 150 metres straight down . Surely , his fellows thought , he is dead . But he dusted himself off and trundled back up the hill . Miraculous , you might say . A view like few others : The Simonos Petras monastery towers some 800 feet above the Aegean Sea . One morning , Pavlos takes us boys on bikes into the town of Ouranoupoli - where an ancient watchtower stands sentinel above seafront tavernas . Then we head out along a gravel track . Here , trees heavy with wild figs strain over the roadside and olive trees offer dappled corners of shade . And at the end of the path ? A monastery which is probably 10th century , and the first of all those built along this peninsula . It is a reminder of the history which seeps through the earth in this land - and courses through the veins of Vassilis and the other descendants of the ancients who shaped this Greek marvel . Seven nights at Eagles Palace Hotel -LRB- 0030 23770 311014 , www.eaglespalace.gr -RRB- for a family of four costs from £ 1,628 on a half-board basis , including flights and transfers .