After many years of speculation , Bunkie King has finally laid to rest rumours about the nature of relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her older sister , Leona . Ms King shocked and intrigued the Australian public when she entered into a relationship with Thompson , who was twice her age , while he was also involved with Leona -- who is nicknamed Le . The 60-year-old 's first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl , and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement . Scroll down for video . Bunkie King , 60 , has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister worked . Ms King , also appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone , had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor . Speaking with A Current Affair about her book , Somebody I Used to Know : Love , Loss and Jack Thompson , Ms King said she decided to pen a novel during an argument with her son . At one point , he shouted : ` I 'm not proud that my mother had sex with her sister . ' This was the moment Ms King realised there were many misconceptions about her relationship with the womanising actor . ` That really shocked me because that was n't our relationship , ' she said . ` It never entered my head -LSB- that 's what people thought -RSB- , so I put it down warts and all . ' Ms King , who has two children with her ex-husband , also revealed how she shared one man with her sister , 20 . A young Bunkie King pictured here with her sister Leona - nicknamed Le - and Jack Thompson . Le -LRB- pictured left -RRB- was 20 years old when she started a relationship with the Australian actor . Jack pictured in 1980 -LRB- left -RRB- and 2013 -LRB- right -RRB- , was written about under the headline ` Jack and his Jills ' , when he told a newspaper he felt ` like a bone being fought over by two dogs ' But from the start the siblings made it clear they were not going to sleep with him in the same bed . When Ms King first moved in with Le and Thompson she was ` allocated one night a week ' with the actor . But then they relocated to Collaroy - on Sydney 's North Shore - and the sisters would see him on alternating nights . Ms King said she had never close to Le and there were times where she felt her sister , who she is now estranged from , wished she had Thompson all to herself . But it was all or nothing with Thompson , who starred in Spyforce - an action series following Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II . ` I was happy for whatever crumbs came off the table . It did cause problems with jealousy and things like that . I do n't think either of us would have chosen it that way , ' Ms King said . Cleo magazine featured him reclined naked on a sofa catapulting him to sex symbol status overnight . Talking to New Idea , Ms King said their relationship in many ways was ` quite old-fashioned ' . ` We had separate bedrooms . He was just sleeping with both of us , ' she said . In her interview with ACA , Ms King said her relationship was not a ` unique situation ' . ` It is in western society but it 's not a unique situation for a man to have more than one wife , ' she said . ` In western society , a man generally speaking has a wife and a mistress or maybe a couple of mistresses . ' But despite his commitment to two women , Ms King claims Thompson still had time to be unfaithful to her and Le . She said what hurt her the most about his alleged infidelities was the fact he was not open , honest and upfront about it . Ms King also revealed her sister did not know about her regular afternoon visits from Thompson at their mother 's house when he started to court her . The visits in the 1970s increased to three a week and , after months of spending time together , she fell hopelessly in love knowing he was with Le . Ms King has revealed in her memoirs how , as a virgin , she struggled to dampen her feelings for the blond tanned hunk and desperately craved his love even after her sister caught them kissing . Heyday : The actor , pictured centre -LRB- moustache -RRB- , starred alongside David Bowie -LRB- right -RRB- in 1983 movie Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence . Seventies hit : The star -LRB- right -RRB- was catapulted to fame for the series Spyforce , based on the adventures of Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II . Ms King writes : ` One night , he and I are kissing and cuddling in their bedroom when Le -LSB- Leona -RSB- bursts in the door yelling , `` What the hell are you doing ? '' ` He jumps up off the bed and tries to calm her down . I bolt out of the room , down the stairs , through the front door and out into the street . ` I know there 's something wrong with what we 've been doing . He 's obviously Le 's boyfriend and I feel bad for her , but I do n't know how to give him up . ' It was the same for Jack too and , with his popularity at its height in the mid-1970s , the Wake In Fright star bought a rambling farm in the hills above Coffs Harbour , on the NSW mid-north coast , and convinced the sisters to share an ` open ' and ` honest ' relationship with him . New Idea magazine is on sale now . They moved in together , Ms King confined to the smaller room , while Leona shares the master bedroom with the actor , now dubbed ` Jack The Lady Killer ' by the media . In her book , the 60-year-old also speaks frankly about her drug use , ranging from marijuana to acid to heroin . But she did not classify her drug use as ` hardcore ' . ` Hardcore to me is someone who is basically mainlining . It was the 60s and the 70s , ' Ms King said . During the early years of their relationship , Cleo magazine featured Thompson reclined on a sofa in a pose emulating a classic nude , Titian 's Venus d'Urbino , catapulting him to sex symbol status overnight . In 1972 , Ms King evealed she fell pregnant for the first time , having forgotten to take the Pill , and underwent the first of three terminations over 15 years . As Jack 's fame grew , journalists clamoured for details about the nature of his threesome relationship and in October 1974 , he granted Sydney 's Daily Telegraph an interview . Published under the headline ` Jack and his Jills ' , he claimed that he occasionally felt ` like a bone being fought over by two dogs . ' The truth , however , no doubt lies somewhere in between . Ms King says a serious showdown in Spain forced her to finally flee and maintains throughout her 15 years as Jack 's lover , she never knew if she was genuinely wanted or was ` just an interloper . ' Today she works in nursing and is divorced with a son Stephan , 17 , and daughter , and lives a quiet life south of Sydney . And for his part , Jack remains with Leona , with whom he shares a son Billy , and the pair lead a reclusive life in Ulong in New South Wales .