They spent the weekend larking around enjoying Easter together . But new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to Katie Price and Kieran Hayler 's marriage . Indeed , it was reported today in Closer magazine that Katie still regularly checks Kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out , following his cheating scandal last year . It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as Katie worries that Kieran 's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction . Scroll down for video . It has been reported today that Katie Price still has n't forgiven her cheating husband Kieran Hayler . The singer Sam Bailey , who is a close friend of Katie 's and attended her recent wedding , told Closer : ` Katie panics if she sees Kieran hanging around any women . She 's scared he 's going to run off with them . ' Kieran famously cheated on Katie with not one , but two of her best friends , Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014 . At the time , Katie , who was pregnant with her daughter Bunny , slammed both women saying : ` I would not wish it on anyone . It 's actually disgusting what those two human beings have done to me and it 's cruel . ' But the former glamour model - who now has two children with the 28-year-old - decided to stick by her man and Kieran underwent sex addiction therapy for his problems . Kieran cheated on Katie with two of her best friends Chrissy Thomas -LRB- left -RRB- and Jane Poultney -LRB- right -RRB- . However , the road to relationship recovery has not been an easy one for the pair . Indeed when the couple recently renewed their vows Katie did n't hold back in her wedding speech . She told OK ! that she went to town on Keiran : ` It was quite dramatic ! , ' she said , ` My speech started by saying , `` Some of you are probably wondering why we 're sitting here about to renew our vows after only being married two years '' . ` Then I said , `` This is why '' , and I basically summarised everything that 's happened , him sleeping with my best mates when I was pregnant ... I did n't hold back ! ` Afterwards everyone was saying to me that it was so hard-hitting they thought I was suddenly going to announce that I did n't want to be with him anymore . ` Then his speech played where he apologised for everything he 's done . Then he met me at the end of the aisle and walked me down it . ' Katie decided to forgive her husband for cheating , however , relationship expert Tracey Cox has revealed it can be hard for people to move on . Tracey Cox , relationship expert , says that it is possible to forgive someone for cheating but you have to be very clear about where you see your relationship going and how you want it to be . Here 's her top tips for getting over an infidelity . 1 . Spell Out What You Want Tracey says : ` You must make it abundantly clear what you will and wo n't put up with in the future . Spell it out as specifically as possible . What constitutes cheating to you ? A flirty text message ? A kiss ? ` Make them repeat back to you what you 've said to them , so there is no chance at all they have n't understood . - Make it clear that you will not tolerate another ` mistake ' . Any hint of infidelity and it 's over . ' 2 . You Do n't Always Need The Details . Tracey says : ` Ask yourself , do I need to know the details . Some people need to know exactly what happened , why , when , where in order to move forward . Others do n't want any details other than why their partner felt the need to stray . ' 3 . Check Their Transparency . Tracey says : ` Decide on how ` transparent ' you need your partner to be . For some , they can only forgive if their partner removes all passwords on emails and their phone , allowing them to look through whenever they feel insecure . However this can go wrong : ` The risk with this is that the person who cheated constantly feels mistrusted , plus emails and texts can be misconstrued . Some people are flirtatious with everyone and what seems to you like a threat , might mean nothing . ' 4 . Ask For Support . Tracey says : If you feel insecure , ask for reassurance . If your partner is n't willing to do this , they are n't worth giving a second chance . 5 . Start Over . Tracey says : ` Start afresh . The old relationship is dead . Start a new , fresh one . Katie also admitted : ` I 'll never forgive him and I 'll never forget . ' Now relationship expert Tracey Cox has revealed that it can be quite common for couples to struggle after and infidelity . She said : ` Once someone has cheated on you , you 're forced to rethink the whole relationship . Infidelity breaks the trust bond and destroys the `` You and me against the world '' feeling close couples have . ` It takes time to rebuild trust , sometimes the betrayal is felt so deeply , it 's impossible to regain . And it 's even harder if the person has cheated more than once : ` If a partner cheats once , with time , some relationships recover . But with repeated cheating , it 's much more difficult . ` People do make mistakes but to make the same mistake over and over , that becomes an ingrained pattern of behaviour . ` You take a risk forgiving infidelity even once because you 're effectively saying ` You got away with what you did to me ' . ` To forgive it several times means you are condoning that behaviour and basically given someone permission to cheat on you . ' Representatives for Katie Price declined to comment when contacted by the MailOnline .