Defence Minister Kevin Andrews has failed to name the leader of terrorist organisation the Islamic State on the same day the Federal Government announced they would be sending more than 300 Australian troops to Iraq . Australian soldiers are embarking on a two-year mission in Iraq , but will be spending it ` behind the wire ' not engaging in combat , Mr Andrews said . But during an embarrassing interview on the ABC 's 7.30 program , the Mr Andrews declined to reveal the brutal regime 's leader . Scroll down for video . Defence Minister Kevin Andrew was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC 's 7.30 . When host Leigh Sales asked him to name the terror group 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , Mr Andrews claimed he was unable to do so for ` operational reasons ' . ` Can you name the leader of IS ? ' Sales asked . Mr Andrews replied : ` I 'm not going to go into operational matters . ' But Sales would not let him off the hook , saying : ` I do n't think that 's operational , I think it 's a matter of public record . ' Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is leader of notorious terrorist organisation Islamic State , which is wrestling to take power in Syria and Iraq . Sales continued , saying given the U.S. government had a $ 10 million bounty on his head , she was ` surprised ' he could n't name the terrorist leader . Mr Andrews argued I.S. did not just have one leader because it was made of many groups and there was not just one individual involved . Earlier that day , the Prime Minister announced Australian troops would return to Iraq with the aim to provide Iraqi security forces with the skills and training to defend their country , to degrade and ultimately defeat the forces of Islamic State or Daesh . Mr Andrews said Australian troops would not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle . ` No , they stay , to use the expression , inside the wire . They wo n't be going outside the Taji base . All the training will take place there , ' he told ABC television . Mr Andrews was appearing on 7.30 following the Federal Government 's announcement 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq . This is a stark contrast with deployments over the past decade when troops conducted sweeping patrols across southern Iraq , occasionally contacting insurgent forces . Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced on Tuesday his cabinet had given the go-ahead for deployment of Task Force Taji , 330 Australian and 100 new Zealand troops to train Iraqi soldiers for the next two years . Mr Abbott said Iraq was a dangerous place and the mission was not risk-free . The joint force deployment this week coincides with the centenary of Anzac . Mr Andrews said the mission would be reviewed continually but there would be a formal review after 12 months . He said there had been an improvement with Iraqi forces ousting Daesh from the city of Tikrit . ` So we are confident that there will be more gains over the next year to two and that 's what we 've made a commitment to , ' he said . Mr Andrews said 5,000 Iraqi troops had already been trained by four international training missions .