Celebrities and dietitians have been promoting back-to-basic diets and warning us off processed foods for years - and the trend is now taking hold in the pet world . Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat , offal and bones in his quest to lose weight . His owners , Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds , say he 's now ` a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas . Scroll down for video . Flab to fab : Baylie learnt where the doggy biscuit tin was and was even caught pilfering it , left , by his owners . But he 's a much more lean machine , right , after starting his new weight loss programme . The plan was devised by Vicky Marshall , who runs a natural dog food company and realised that none of her 5,000 customers ' dogs have weight problems . She worked out Baylie 's weight and calculated special portions of carefully chosen lean meats in order for him to shed the pounds . She said : ` Dogs are carnivores - they have evolved to eat prey , such as mice , rabbits and deer . ` Their digestive system , which is very different to the human digestive system , is more than able to handle raw meat , offal and bones . Loving life : Owners Margaret and Patrick Evans say Baylie is ` a different dog ' since losing a stone and a half on a new doggy diet of raw food . They believe his weight problems stem from rewards during training . ` In fact , they thrive on it and you need have no concerns over its suitability . ` We avoided beef and lamb and suggested lean raw meat like free range chicken , wild rabbit and turkey . ` Our treats are pure air-dried liver and dogs do n't need very much to feel like they 've had a treat . ` We also introduced a concept called Bone Sunday . We gave Baylie a beef knuckle bone to chew on all day and he did n't need anything else to eat . ` Because the bone marrow is so rich it 's enough quantity wise . And the action of chewing is great exercise and a rewarding game . ` It makes sure he does n't feel like he is on a diet and that food is still fun . ' Baylie 's owners believe his life-long weight problem stemmed from them giving him sweet treats to reward good behaviour at puppy training school . The treats continued into his adult life and he even learnt where they were kept and was spotted raiding the biscuit tin in the kitchen . His weight problem worsened as he started suffering from a joint problem called hip dysplasia affecting Labradors - and when he took a tumble while out on a walk he was left unable to move . Maragaret , 55 , a car tyre production assistant said : ` We were encouraged to use biscuits as rewards but he was so good at everything we taught him we just had to carry on giving him treats . ` His weight just went on and on and on . ` But it got a lot worse when he slipped over one day when we were out for a walk in the woods . ` He injured his leg and could n't walk very far so it made it really difficult to take him out for exercise . ` And because he has hip dysplasia it meant his recovery took a long time . ` He became sluggish and tired all the time and he just carried on piling on the pounds . ` I think it did n't help that he knew his way round the kitchen and exactly where we kept the dog biscuits . ` I knew his weight was becoming a problem but it was n't until we got to the vet that we realised how big he had got . ` Once I took him to the vet and we realised how bad the problem with his weight was we knew we had to take action straight away . ' Standing tall : Baylie struggled with a hip condition common in labradors and poor mobility worsened his weight problems . But losing weight has made him much more mobile . After spotting an advert for the trial of a new diet for dogs on facebook , Margaret signed Baylie up for the new regime - The Lucky Dog Weight Loss Plan . It meant - just like a human trying to fight the flab - swapping his usual processed food and sweet treats for low fat meats . After eight weeks he had lost eight kilos , going from 55 kg - the weight of a small great dane - to 47 . A much slimmer Baylie comes back to the beach after a swim in the sea during a walk on the beach . Shake it off : Baylie is able to enjoy a dog 's life after shedding so much weight with his doggy diet of lean meat . Margaret added : ` We changed his diet straight away and went from tins and packets to all raw food . ` And because all of the food was delivered and it was a complete change it was really straightforward . ` Now he runs around and has bounds more energy . ` He loves a ball and is absolutely mad about going for a swim . We ca n't even run a bath without him trying to jump into the bathroom . ` He 's like a completely different dog . ' A different dog : ` Now he runs around and has bounds more energy ' , said owner Margaret who took him to the vets as soon as she realised how serious his weight problem was .