Ousamn Jatta , 45 , -LRB- right -RRB- took wife Beryl , 88 , -LRB- centre -RRB- to a care home while he went to Africa for three weeks but when he returned was not allowed to take her home with him . An African husband who took his elderly British wife to a care home for respite while he went to Gambia is threatening to go on hunger strike after she was not allowed to return to him . Ousman Jatta , 45 , married wife Beryl , 88 , in Gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the UK with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006 . Mr Jatta , who is his wife 's carer , had taken her to a care home in February while he returned to Africa for three weeks . But when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him . Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband . ` They have used their power against me to keep my wife in a nursing home against her and my wishes , ' said the supermarket security worker . ` I care for her better than anyone and I feel very sad . ` Every time I go to the Gambia I contact social services for respite , but they never told me they were going to keep my wife . ` To me Beryl is not old , she is a human being and no matter if she is old or young she is my wife . ` I would never neglect Beryl . I love Beryl . I 'm feeling bad to see her in a nursing home whilst I am ready to look after my own wife . ` As soon as I came to this country I 'm looking after her and nothing has happened to her . ` I do n't say that the nursing home is bad but to me the belief I have is that you take a person to a home if that person has no-one to look after her but as far as Beryl is concerned , I am ready to look after her until God finalises . ' Retired shop worker Mrs Jatta moved to the Gambia more than 17 years ago and met Mr Jatta when he helped translate for her in a local shop . The pair became firm friends and dated for four years before they got married in 2002 . But they were forced to come back to the UK when Mrs Jatta fell ill and doctors advised the mother-of-two that she would get better treatment at her home in Bristol . Mr Jatta became her primary carer along with local authority carers who visit during the day while he is at work . Mr Jatta featured in promotional material for Bristol City Council but is now at odds with the local authority over the way he feels he and his wife have been treated . He booked her in for respite care at Avon Lodge Care Centre in Bristol while he went on a break to the Gambia on February 5 , telling him he would be back in three weeks . But when he called on February 27 to say he would pick her up the next day , he was told he could n't collect her and had to telephone social workers for more information . ` I asked why and they said `` contact social services '' , ' he said . ` It was a weekend so I called social services on Monday morning and the only thing they told me was they thought I was tired and this and that and that I had left her . Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband . ` I have said in the past that I am tired and that some time in the future I might need to leave her , but I have never abandoned Beryl . ` I have access to her when I go to the nursing home to see Beryl but as far as I 'm concerned it 's not the best place for her to be . ` I promised to myself and to God I shall never let her down . Beryl is my first priority . ` I am used to Beryl - we are used to each other . ` When I finish work at 10 o'clock she will not go to bed and tells her carers she is waiting for her husband . ' A legal expert who specialises in health and welfare said social workers do not have the power to keep someone against their will . ` They do n't have that over-riding say , ' said Fiona McGhie from Irwin Mitchell . ` They can form a view and put forward a view of what they think might be in someone 's best interested , which may or may not be the same as the family members . ` But ultimately there there 's a dispute it needs to go to the Court of Protection , as nobody has got that tight to make a decision either way . ` It does n't matter how well motivated these decisions or those views are , the rule is for the court to make that final decision . ' The authority says it has now agreed an ` appropriate care plan ' , and are understood to be in discussion with Mr Jatta over the future of his wife 's care - but she is currently still in a home . Mr Jatta is confident the council will relent and allow his wife to leave , but is angry at the how he and his wife have been treated . A spokesman for Bristol City Council said : ` We have been in regular contact with Mr Jatta over a period of time regarding his wife 's care and are pleased to have agreed an appropriate care plan with him which puts the best interests of Mrs Jatta first . '