The Married at First Sight star who tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too ` unattractive ' for her has finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards him . While the honeymoon period comes to an end for the couples on tonight 's episode of the hit FYI reality series , as they all return home to celebrate the holidays with their spouses , whom they 've known for a total of seven days , it seems that , for Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone , the romance has only just begun . ` Day one , I was freaking out . Day seven , oh man , I have a crush on my husband , ' 30-year-old Jaclyn says in a preview for the latest episode . Scroll down for video . Falling in love : Jaclyn Methuen caresses her new husband Ryan Ranellone 's chin while lying in bed together on tonight 's episode of Married at First Sight . Euphoric feeling : The 30-year-old is all smiles as she admits that she is developing a crush on her new husband . Meanwhile , Ryan tells the cameras that he remains dedicated to cultivating a real relationship with his new wife , whom he has been attracted to from day one . ` I am committed to making our marriage work , ' the 29-year-old says . And , thankfully , after a week of awkward encounters and terse conversations , it looks like things are starting to take a turn for the better for the newlyweds . After being single for seven years , Jaclyn started their union by keeping Ryan at arm 's length and subconsciously putting him in the ` friend zone ' throughout their honeymoon in Puerto Rico , with Ryan admitting in last week 's episode that that he was growing increasingly irritated with her insistence on calling him ` dude ' and ` bro ' when they were supposed to be acting like a married couple . Making it work : The couple share a laugh after they return home from their honeymoon in Puerto Rico . But it looks like the sales rep from Union , New Jersey , is finally seeing her spouse in a new light . As well as Jaclyn 's long-awaited confession about her romantic feelings for her husband , the preview clip also shows the couple laughing in bed together as she gently caresses his chin . Interestingly enough , while Jaclyn and Ryan initially appeared to be the couple with the most problems , but they are growing ever closer to one another -- while the other newlyweds seem to be growing apart . Jessica Castro , 30 , and Ryan DeNiro , 29 , who were comfortable with each other from the start , spent the end of their honeymoon arguing over his choice of words during what should have been a romantic dinner date in Key Largo . During last week 's episode , Jessica showed her new husband a photo of herself with her ` Monroe ' lip piercing and was furious with his reaction , accusing him of calling it trashy . Growing together : Davina Kullar and Sean Varricchio hold hands as they return home from their romantic honeymoon in Colorado . Marriage woes : Ryan DeNiro and Jessica Castro are still going through a rough patch after he allegedly called her ` Monroe ' lip-piercing ` trashy ' last week . ` You just do n't say that to a person , ' she told him over dinner , and Ryan soon stormed out of the restaurant . And it looks like the two are still struggling to reconnect . While Jessica tells the cameras that things are ` really weird ' between them , Ryan admits that he has a side of himself that ` sometimes is n't too pleasant ' . ` I feel like I have to walk on egg shells around him , ' Jessica adds . Meanwhile , Davina Kullar , 34 , and Sean Varricchio , 35 , appear to be moving forward with their marriage as they continue to build an emotional bond . ` We just got back from the honeymoon and the real life part of -LSB- marriage -RSB- really does begin , ' she says of their whirlwind union .