After experiencing major devastation and loss of life in the April 25 earthquake , Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ` beef masala ' as part of the relief package from Pakistan . Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal , the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation -LRB- Saarc -RRB- member countries . Indian doctors at Kathmandu 's Bir Hospital told Mail Today that packets of ` beef masala ' were sent by Pakistan on Tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors . These doctors -- drawn from Ram Manohar Lohia -LRB- RML -RRB- Hospital , Safdarjung Hospital and All India Institute of Medical Sciences -LRB- AIIMS -RRB- -- are members of a 34-member medical team sent to Nepal for treating the survivors . `` When we reached the airport to collect the food items from Pakistan , we found packets of ready-to-eat meals , including packets of ` beef masala ' . There were other food items too , '' Dr Balwinder Singh told Mail Today . Perplexed , the doctors chose to have food from a hotel instead . `` We did not touch the Pakistani aid , '' Dr Singh said . `` Most of the local people are not aware of the contents . When they understand , they avoid it , '' said another doctor on the condition of anonymity . He added : `` Pakistan has hurt Nepal 's religious sentiments by supplying the masala . Shockingly , it did not care about the sensitivity of the matter . '' Pakistani soldiers load relief supplies for Nepal . Exclusive photographs of the ` beef masala ' packets supplied to Nepal are with Mail Today . These pictures clearly show that the place of origin of these packets was Nowshera Cantt in Pakistan . These packets also prominently mention that these are not for sale and the contents include ` potato bhujia ' and ` beef masala ' . A top Nepal government official said : `` The matter has been conveyed to Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and the intelligence chief . We are also starting an internal inquiry to verify the facts . If the report is correct , we will raise the matter at the diplomatic level with Pakistan . India , being our key partner , will also be informed of the developments . '' Tasneem Aslam , spokesperson for Pakistan 's ministry of foreign affairs , told Mail Today : `` I am not aware of the issue ... I am not responsible for the dispatch . The relief aid is sent by the National Disaster Management Authority . '' Nepalese soldiers stand next to wrecked buildings at Durbar Square . A press note uploaded on the website of National Disaster Management Authority -LRB- NDMA -RRB- , Pakistan -LRB- http://www.ndma.gov.pk/new/ -RRB- , states : `` -LRB- The -RRB- National Disaster Management Authority has dispatched the second of two sorties of C-130 aircrafts on April 28 in collaboration with Pakistan Army , Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Pakistan Air Force . The relief goods include 250 tents , 200 food packs -LRB- 2.6 tonne -RRB- , 1,000 Meals Ready to Eat -LRB- MREs -RRB- , 1,000 blankets and 33 cartons of medicines . These relief goods have been provided from NDMA stocks ... . '' Despite repeated attempts , the officials of the Pakistan NDMA could not be contacted . The food items have been manufactured by PANA Force Foods . The consignment was supplied after receiving orders from Pakistan 's NDMA . `` PANA Force food processing centre aims at providing quality goods at affordable prices . Currently , the company is supplying two brands of products to Pakistan Army commonly known as Meal Ready to Eat -LRB- MRE -RRB- and Emergency Pack Ration -LRB- EP Ration or high-energy biscuits -RRB- whereas a plant for the production of dehydrated vegetables and fruits is under construction , '' the official website of PANA Force Foods mentions . The website also states that the processing centre provides food to civil population during natural calamities , like earthquakes and floods . According to Hindu belief , eating beef is a religious offence since the cow is a sacred animal and treated on a par with one 's mother . In Nepal -- for long the world 's only Hindu state -- the first royal order officially prohibiting cow slaughter stated that the punishments for the crime were death and confiscation of all property of the offender . The first Civil Code of Nepal , the Muluki Ain of 1854 , stated : `` This kingdom is the only kingdom in the world where cows , women , and Brahmins may not be killed . '' It trumpeted Nepal as the ` purest Hindu kingdom ' and simultaneously signaled to Nepalese citizens that Hindu religious creeds would be the law of the land . But an amendment in 1990 to the Civil Code made cow slaughter punishable by 12 years in prison . Delhi High Court raises alarm over illegal buildings . By Mail Today in New Delhi . Municipal authorities in Delhi received a rap from the Delhi High Court on Wednesday over the numerous illegal buildings across the city . Days after the killer earthquake in Nepal , the Delhi High Court on Wednesday said unauthorised constructions and colonies in the city are disasters waiting to happen . A bench of Justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Sanjeev Sachdeva observed that if an earthquake hits Delhi like the one in Nepal , all the unauthorised buildings constructed without following regulations , will crumble . It also said each government has been extending the date till which illegal constructions are protected from punitive action as it is looking for votes . `` If people die , then who will vote ? '' the court asked . `` They are disasters waiting to happen . Are you -LRB- municipal corporations -RRB- taking strict action ? Are you coming out with an action plan ? '' the bench questioned while hearing a batch of petitions on unauthorised constructions in the city . In response , the civic agency said it was coming out with an action plan . The court , thereafter , said it will take up the matter of seismic viability of structures in the national Capital in some other appropriate matter . UK aid team in security breach at Delhi airport . By Ankur Sharma in New Delhi . It has come to light that a rescue team which arrived from the United Kingdom on Monday for operations in earthquake-hit Nepal , violated the safety norms of the Delhi IGI Airport . The team allegedly waited in front of an aircraft at the ` apron area ' of the airport for about six hours before they could fly to Kathmandu . According to the members of the British rescue team , after waiting for all those hours , they were accommodated in a flight of the Spanish Air Force . Members of the British rescue team headed to Nepal posted photos of themselves waiting at IGI Airport on Twitter . According to a senior civil aviation official , it was a case of gross violation of safety rules . The DGCA can take action against the agencies that were responsible for the violation . `` DGCA had earlier punished various airlines for committing such a violation . This particular British team had dogs with them and they were in front of the aircraft for six hours . It 's scary , '' a senior DGCA official said after seeing the photographs of the group that were posted by a rescue team member on Twitter . An immigration official said the British group comprised 15-20 personnel from the UK Fire and Rescue team . They reached Delhi IGI Airport around 5.30 pm on Monday . But due to weather and other clearance issues , they were asked to wait at the airport . `` The team did n't have proper clearances . India keeps a watch on every unit and aircraft flying to Kathmandu through Delhi . Airport officials asked them to wait but instead of going to the terminal building , these rescue team members waited in front of the nosewheel of an aircraft , '' a senior airport official told Mail Today . Later , when the Indian agencies told them that the weather in Kathmandu was not favourable and it was packed with aircraft , the British rescue team members arranged their materials on their own , the official said . After almost an hour they managed to convince the Spanish Air Force officials , who agreed to fly these British rescue team members to Kathmandu . `` Even then , the rescue team members did n't go inside the airport . No security official asked them to move from there . They remained there for more than three hours , '' a senior immigration official said . `` They had equipment which needed to be checked by various agencies . Also , they did n't take proper permission due to which they were asked to wait . But , they ignored all security rules and stayed there in front of an aircraft , '' a senior airport official said . According to a senior official of the ministry of civil aviation : `` No one is allowed to wait in front of an aircraft . Even the passengers are not allowed to put their baggage near to the plane . '' The team reportedly left Delhi around 12 midnight and reached Kathmandu around 2 am .