An 11-year-old Chinese schoolboy has become mute after he drank a glass of water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank . Pupil Xiao Gao , from Fujian Province in south eastern China , has not said a word in five days after a classmate who had allegedly bullied him gave him the water , reports People 's Daily Online . But medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage . Pupil Xiao Gao , aged 11 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- from Fujian in south east China , has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate he ` does not get on with ' gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust . Gao , who is in Year Two at Haidu Number 8 Middle School , is now awaiting further medical examination as well as an appointment with a psychologist . School officials told reporters that after Gao lost his voice the classmate who gave him the water ` became very afraid ' and told teachers it was meant as a joke and that she did not think he would drink it . She said she only added perfume and chalk dust to the water - and not nail varnish as was rumoured . She said when Gao drank the water his classmates told him to spit it out but by then he had already swallowed it . Gao , who is a pupil at Haidu Number 8 Middle School , -LRB- pictured -RRB- is now awaiting further medical examination . Gao 's form teacher was informed of his condition and immediately notified his family before taking him to hospital . The unnamed girl has now been excluded from the school . A doctor at Fujian Provincial Hospital told reporters that in all the years he has practised medicine he has never seen a case like this before . Qiu Bin Gaosu said as perfume consists mainly of alcohol , perfume fragrance and methanol , consuming a small amount would not impact the body , although a large amount would irritate the throat and stomach . He said consuming small amounts of chalk dust , which is nontoxic , should also not have this sort of effect . Xiao Gao 's cousin told reporters that a number of doctors have seen Gao and they found no physical abnormalities . Gao claims the girl who gave him the water let him drink it and then said ` You will die after drinking this ' Relatives told reporters that Gao 's mother was ill and his father worked at a vegetable market . They said the boy was well-behaved and doubted the condition was a hoax - particularly as he had been unable to speak for five days . His form teacher , Mr Lin , said Gao was a little introverted , quiet and very honest and was often bullied by other children in his class . He said : ` Whenever a teacher saw any bullying we would chastise the offender and teach them about why their behaviour was not acceptable . ' Gao 's classroom - a doctor said that in all the years he has practised he has never seen a case like this before . Through written messages Gao told reporters that he was thirsty so he drank the water his classmate handed him - but after swallowing a couple of mouthfuls he realised something was n't right . He claims it was then the girl took away the water and said ` You will die after drinking this . ' Gao told reporters that he did n't get along with the classmate who handed him the water . The story has gone viral in China and has been reported on all the main news websites . The People 's Daily reported that the local Public Security Bureau has started an investigation into the incident .