Duke was not the only big winner following Monday 's NCAA championship game . In an upset even more surprising than the Blue Devils victory over the slightly favored Wisconsin Badgers , Sam Holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich , Illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge . And for this impressive feat , Sam gets bragging rights and an amazing sense of accomplishment . But not the actual grand prize of a $ 20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the Maui Jim Maui Invitational college basketball tournament in Hawaii this November . For that prize , valued at $ 30,000 , Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify . Scroll down for video . Sam Holtz -LRB- above -RRB- beat out 11.5 million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday . This as he selected Duke -LRB- above -RRB- to win the NCAA title game , which they did by overcoming the favorite Wisconsin badgers 68 - 63 . ` It feels really , like , exciting and I feel pretty cool right now for winning it because it 's a really hard thing to do , ' Sam told ABC News . ` I was just talking to ESPN and they said that I 'm underage and ca n't get any of the prize and they 're going to send some goodies even though I entered under my dad 's consent , which I 'm pretty irritated about . ' That being said , like any enterprising child , Sam does have an idea for the folks at ESPN as it pertains to compensation for his historic fete . ` For ESPN , I came in first and this was a rare thing that you can rarely get and I still do n't get anything and I think I deserve something out of it , ' Sam said . ` Even if I just get an Xbox or something . ' Sam 's plan may not work however , as it would have taken a second amazing feat for him to actually win the prize , with the top 1percent of entries being entered for a random drawing , which in this case would put his odds at roughly 1 in 115,000 . As for his strategy , Sam seemed to adopt a seldom seen cool and relaxed approach when it came to making his picks , and says he was barely even aware how well he was doing . ` I did n't really pay attention to my bracket until the Final Four when I went on my phone and realized , `` Woah , I 'm in sixth place , '' ' said Sam . ` Then I zoned into those games and realized , `` Hey , I have a chance here . '' ' Sam should now be eligible for the $ 30,000 grand prize of a $ 20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November , but is too young . He 's got it : With a few minor exceptions , Sam picked a remarkably accurate bracket who was , including 100percent correct from the Elite Eight onward . He only had two teams wrong in the Sweet 16 . Sam is not the only winner going home empty handed either , as under NCAA guidelines college athletes can not accept any forms of payment or gifts , which means the boys from Duke also head home with no prize money or Xboxes . Though , to put things in perspective , Sam had to deal with approximately 11,499,936 more competitors than any of the teams in the tournament . Sam is also helping out all those adults who obsessed over their brackets and then became irrationally angry as their teams lost by offering some helpful tips to make next year better . ` Just pick the team that you like and pick whoever you want , ' he said . ` You never know what 's going to happen in March Madness so just pick teams that you really like . ' ESPN might be smart to give the level-headed kid who knows his college basketball a job as a commentator at next year 's tournament instead of that Xbox . Assuming he is old enough .