Global megastar Kim Kardashian has lifted the lid on what exactly she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition . Harpers Bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star 's book Selfish revealing what she dines on each day . Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West . She said : ` Kanye loves to eat really healthy and is always on different diets . He has a chef who comes in the morning and cooks breakfast for both of us and gets our meal plans together for the day . ' Scroll down for video . In an extract from Kim Kardashian 's book Selfish , the star reveals her daily diet , which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables . A typical day 's food for Kim could include scrambled eggs , oatmeal or a protein shake for breakfast . For lunch and dinner , a professional chef will serve her dishes including fish or chicken with vegetables . The reality television star even snacks , saying she enjoys Justin 's peanut butter packs and spoonfuls of Dulce de Leche-flavoured Häagen-dazs ice cream . What 's off limits ? Cocktails and most other desserts . Kim also said that she enjoys sipping on an iced-tea drink in the afternoons , and admits she might once have had ten sweeteners in there . She 's now cut down to just three . It is well known that 34-year-old Kim works hard on her body , especially since she slimmed down after giving birth to her daughter North West nearly two years ago . Kim and her husband Kanye work with a nutritionist who comes up with a meal plan for the pair of them . As well as maintaining her strict diet , Kim reveals that she works out every morning . Often she will start with a run around her LA home before working on her legs or abs . Of course , Kim is n't the only celebrity to work hard and train hard for her body . Beyonce previously revealed that she had undertaken a gruelling ` cleanse ' whilst getting ready for a film . And Gwyneth Paltrow only eats ` good ' food after discovering that she suffered from allergies and was feeling low in energy . Here 's how the stars stay in shape ... Beyonce and husband Jay Z slimmed down at the end of 2013 after following a vegan diet for 22 days . Beyonce and Jay Z : 22 Days Vegan . In a perfect display of couple slimming , Beyonce and Jay Z dropped the pounds together at the end of 2013 by going vegan for 22 days . The singer used her Instagram account to post pictures of her healthy-looking meals which included such delights as vegan mac and cheese and portobello mushrooms . The 22-day challenge was n't the first time the star has shared her meal plans . Before filming Dreamgirls in 2006 , it was revealed that Beyonce , who once called herself ` a natural fat person , just dying to get out , ' had undergone a master cleanse . Healthy meals galore ! Beyonce shared her delicious-looking vegan diet snaps with her followers . During Beyonce and Jay Z 's vegan diet , the singers posted pictures of their meals , which included mac 'n' cheese and portobello mushrooms to Beyonce 's Instagram account . The singer lost a total of 20 lbs drinking a concoction of purified water , organic lemon juice , maple syrup and cayenne pepper . She allowed herself just one cheat day a week where she would eat pizza and drink wine . In the past , the world-famous star has admitted to cutting back to stay in shape . During an interview with Bang magazine , the 33-year-old was said to have eaten just six slices of tomato and four pieces of cucumber for her lunch . The singer said of her meagre lunch : ` I have to . Photos make you fatter , television adds pounds , and discipline is very important in this profession . I am not naturally skinny . I am a real woman , I 've got curves . ' The Queen of discipline : Madonna maintains her slim figure with a macrobiotic diet which means she can not eat wheat , eggs , meat or diary . Madonna : Macrobiotic . Madonna has made little secret of her strict macrobiotic diet in which she can not eat wheat , eggs , meats or dairy . Meals for Madonna , 56 , could mean miso soup and brown rice for breakfast , or tofu cheese and quinoa salad for lunch . It is also thought that the singer abstains from alcohol and caffeine and drinks up to three litres of water a day . Madonna has previously admitted in an interview that she never craves cheeseburgers and that she never cooks her own meals . Gwyneth Paltrow is well known for her ` good ' diet which sees her largely following a vegan meal plan . Gwyneth Paltrow : Eating good . Gwyneth likes to maintain what she calls a ` good ' diet after finding that she was suffering from lethargy and allergies . The 42-year-old is said to generally start her day with a green juice for breakfast . Gwyneth then follows a largely vegan diet which includes snacking on beans and having quinoa or soup for dinner and lunch . The actress is so passionate about her diet that she even launched two cookbooks , one of which is called ` It 's All Good ' . In the book , she advocates the elimination of : ` dairy , eggs , sugar , corn , wheat , gluten , potatoes , tomatoes , red meat , shell or deep-water fish . ' But Gwyneth still allows herself to drink alcohol : ` I really like a martini or a glass of red wine in the evening ' , she said . ` I think it 's a really nice way to say , `` OK , it 's adult time now . '' Having lived in England for so long , I have become a real booze hound . ' Victoria Beckham follows an alkaline diet which bans acid forming foods such as starchy grains and vegetables . Victoria Beckham : Honestly Healthy . In 2013 Victoria Beckham , 40 , who is known for her super-slim figure , tweeted that she was enjoying the alkaline diet book , Honestly Healthy by Natasha Corrett and Vicki Edgson . The ultra-strict regime warns against ` very acid forming ' foods like starchy grains and vegetables such as pasta , wheat and beans , all dairy products , meat fish and shellfish . ' Also banned are tea , coffee , sugar , fizzy drinks including soda and tonic water and , of course , alcohol . While following the plan , at least 70 per cent of your diet should be alkaline , while the other 30 per cent can be acidic , which basically means a lot of fruit and vegetables . Jennifer Aniston follows the Aitkens diet , which is high in protein and low in carbohydrate . Jennifer Aniston : Atkins . Ms Aniston has long been linked to the Atkins diet , which is high protein and low carbohydrate although it is thought that she now does the ` New ' Atkins regime . Its plan includes small portions of healthy carbs such as wholegrain bread , brown rice and pasta , while recommending healthy proteins such as grilled chicken , lean red meat and seafood . For 46-year-old Aniston , a typical dinner could include white fish with green vegetables and almonds , whilst breakfast may be ` wholemeal toast with apple butter and a big piece of cheese . ' Jennifer is no saint , however , and is a big fan of a Bloody Mary and she 's admitted she would eat nachos even if they 'd been dropped on the floor . Jennifer Lopez is known for her slim figure and reportedly uses the Freshology delivery service . Jennifer Lopez : Home Delivery . According to reports Jennifer Lopez , 45 , who is known for her super-toned abs - is a big fan of Freshology . The meal delivery service brings healthy meals right to your door . Sample menus include a carrot raisin muffin with vanilla ricotta and turkey bacon for breakfast . For lunch , you might enjoy a roast beef wrap with watermelon radish and garlic aioli and then rosemary-infused lamb sirloin with sautéed broccoli and balsamic glaze for dinner .