Sean Heslop , pictured , has been suspended as executive principal of two schools over allegations that a former pupil is expecting his baby . One of Britain 's top headmasters has been arrested after he allegedly began a relationship with a former pupil now said to be pregnant with his child . Cambridge-educated Sean Heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month . Mr Heslop , who separated from his wife last year , has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent . But a family member claimed he was ` the happiest he 's ever been ' as he was looking forward to becoming a father this summer . The former pupil , who can not be named for legal reasons , became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a London university . The woman , who is now 18 , described herself as a ` mummy-to-be ' on one social media page and posted online a picture of the three-month scan of her unborn child . She wrote that she was ` in a loving relationship ' and had a lot of support , but said some people were quick to judge her because she was a pregnant teenager . The ex-pupil recounted in a blog how her former headmaster came to visit her at university after she began her degree last September . Mr Heslop split from his Canadian wife Celine , 44 , in the autumn after nine years of marriage . He has not been seen at the £ 850,000 home they shared in Battersea , south-west London , for several months . ` Sean is the happiest he 's ever been because he 's going to be a dad . They are really excited and he is so happy to be a father , ' an unnamed relative told The Sun . Mr Heslop was educated at Queens ' College , Cambridge , before completing a teacher-training course at King 's College London . The woman , a former pupil at one of the schools Mr Heslop was in charge of , has reportedly been boasting online to friends that she is going to be a mother -LRB- pictured , a scan of her child -RRB- . Despite the police investigation , Mr Heslop is ` the happiest he has ever been ' according to sources close to him because he is ` going to be a father ' He worked as an English teacher at a top grammar school in Barnet , north London , before becoming head of English at another leading grammar in Orpington , south London . In 2004 , he was appointed head of Tiffin boys ' grammar in Kingston , south-west London . Under his leadership it was one of the first schools in the country to be rated ` outstanding ' in every category by Ofsted . While there he was criticised by some parents for dramatically reducing the amount of homework given to pupils , so they would have more time to develop their own interests . There was also controversy after it emerged the school had spent all of its £ 800,000 reserves in four years , plunging it into financial crisis . In 2009 , he took over the running of the Folkestone Academy in Kent on a salary estimated at more than £ 100,000 a year . He was also given responsibility for the Marlowe Academy in nearby Ramsgate at the end of 2013 . The 47-year-old has been questioned by detectives over allegations of abuse of trust and has been released on police bail . Mr Heslop was appointed as executive principal at the Marlowe Academy in Ramsgate Kent , pictured , in 2013 . Parents of pupils at the two schools were informed of his suspension in letters last week , but were not told the reason . The governors said in a statement : ` The executive principal of the Folkestone and Marlowe Academies has been suspended from his duties . An investigation remains ongoing , the nature of which is confidential . ` This has not interfered with and will not inhibit the good work going on in the schools , where the respective head teachers and their senior leadership teams ensure that teaching and other school activities continue as normal and that school routine is unaffected . ' A Kent Police spokesman said : ` On March 31 police arrested a 47-year-old man on suspicion of abuse of a position of trust . ` He was later released on bail until July 30 pending further investigation . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .