Jailed : Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk . A conman has been jailed for stealing a pensioner 's entire £ 401,000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon . Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk , a court heard . The 58-year-old siphoned off the £ 400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police : ` I played him . ' He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception after the judge ignored his plea for leniency because he was ` terrified ' of going to prison . Sentencing him judge Alan Parker said : ` You plainly saw him as a soft target and you used him , and used him and used him . ` You told lies , some of them beyond wicked , and always you knew he would pay up . ` You lived a lavish lifestyle at the cost of an elderly man 's life savings . Society demands that you should be punished . ' He told the 80-year-old a string of lies that led to the elderly chartered accountant losing his Birmingham office and was forced to put his ` beautiful ' home up for sale , the court heard . Franklin stole his money after telling him his sister had died in Canada and he desperately needed to fly there . He then said his father had died and needed a loan until he inherited £ 500,000 - but in fact Franklin 's father had died 20 years earlier . Before his fraud was revealed he had said that bailiffs were at the door demanding money . The victim was introduced to Franklin in 2005 and agreed to lend £ 15,000 for refurbishments to a restaurant Franklin ran in Wootton Wawen , Warwickshire . Shocking : Franklin was jailed at Warwick Crown Court , pictured , which heard that his victim 's life was made ` a disaster ' because he was left without any money to buy a pint of milk . From there , Franklin fabricated sob story after sob story in an attempt to wring ever more cash from the pensioner , including tens of thousands more in loans . But Franklin , a former car dealership manager , was living the high life and even used the money for his Italian Alps wedding and honeymoon . Meanwhile the pensioner had ran out of money and endured days filled with fear . In a statement , he said the pressure had become overwhelming as Franklin 's demands took over his life . ` My financial situation is a disaster , ' he added . ` At times we have been so short of money to pay for basic food that we have had to search our pockets to get enough for a litre of milk . ' Defending , Lee Marklew said Franklin 's personal life had been destroyed by the case , and his wife had left him . ` The thought of the inevitable custodial sentence has been utterly terrifying , ' he said . ` Since his arrest it has been a palpable fear which has affected the quality of his life . ' But the judge ignored his plea and jailed him .