A man trying to elude police jumped into a Missouri creek overnight wearing only his underwear -- but his daring gambit did not pay off . Responding officers and firefighters followed the fugitive into the murky waters of Brush Creek in Kansas City and fished him out early Friday morning . The 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg . He may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash . Escape by water : A 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City , Missouri , after being stopped by police . Up Brush Creek without a paddle : The suspect reached the middle of the creek and spent 10-15 minutes swimming back and forth . According to a Kansas City Police Department 's arrest report , officers were called to a gas station in the 4600 block of Prospect at around 2 am after receiving complaints from neighbors about a car blasting loud music . The report states that when police approached the car , a grey 2007 Infinity , and asked to see the driver 's license , the man smiled , said , ` I 'm out ! ' and took off from the scene . The Infinity promptly smashed into the north side of the Brush Creek bridge , after which the driver got out of the mangled car and jumped into the water . Police say the 38-year-old suspect stripped down to his underwear and spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water , with officers waiting for him on north and south sides of the creek . Surrounded : When firefighters tried to pull him out , he threatened them with a log . Fish out of water : Police officers armed with a BB gun went after the nighttime bather and apprehended him . The bather was complaining of a broken leg , according to Fox4KC , so the Kansas City Fire Department 's water rescue crew were sent in to fish him out . But the half-naked man in the water was not going to go quietly . ` The suspect picked up a large log and started swinging it at the firemen so they backed off as to not escalate the situation , ' the arrest report states . That is when uniformed police officers armed with a BB gun followed the man into the creek , got him in a choke hold and pulled him out of the creek . Police suspect the man may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol . Prelude : Before he jumped in the water , the 38-year-old driver fled from police and smashed his 2007 Infinity into a bridge . Police suspect the man may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time . As of Friday morning , the 38-year-old has not been formally charged with any crime .