Tennis golden girl Eugenie Bouchard took her own advice to ` relax more ' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the Miami Open . The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world No 85 Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells before claiming she needed to chill out - although she suffered another early loss in Key Biscayne , going out to Tatjana Maria in the second round . Nonetheless , the rising star looked in good spirits as she posed for pictures with fellow Canadian and Olympic medalist Walsh Jennings and had a hit with Sports Illustrated cover model Hannah Ward at a promotional event at the Crandon Park Tennis Center . Eugenie Bouchard -LRB- left -RRB- poses with Sports Illustrated model Hannah Davis in Miami . Davis smiles despite being given the run around on court by Bouchard at the event in Florida . The tennis golden girl also met up with fellow Canadian and beach volleyball star Kerri Walsh Jennings -LRB- right -RRB- . The girls were taking part in a promotional event running alongside the Miami Open in Key Biscayne . Model Davis shows good form as she joins Bouchard for a knockabout on court . The Canadian puts a smile on a pair of young sisters faces by signing autographs . Bouchard , a Wimbledon finalist last year , has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled since reaching the quarter-finals of the Australian Open in January . Meanwhile , world No 1 Serena Williams has no such problems as she heads into Saturday 's final against Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro carrying an unbeaten 17-0 win record in 2015 . With a chasing pack including Bouchard , Maria Sharapova and Simone Halep still struggling to challenge the veteran American , Williams looks set to dominate the women 's tour despite approaching her 34th birthday . The world No 7 crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria in the second round . Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year after reaching the final . The Sports Illustrated star later modeled a stunning blue and white dress during day 12 of the Miami Open .