Despite countless campaigns , protests and marches , the notion of blaming a victim for their rape remains shockingly high . The biggest myth associated with victim blaming is that women are ` asking for it ' because of their choice of dress . A new London based campaign wants to see this myth abolished for good with their #ThisDoesn ` tMeanYes movement . A new campaign from Rape Crisis London has captured hundreds of women across London in various outfits to point out that no matter what they choose to wear they are not asking to be raped . The initiative , created by Rape Crisis London , aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing . To accompany the hashtag , the campaign has also produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in London accompanied by the logo #ThisDoesn ` tMeanYes . The images , shot by photographer Perou in Braithwaite Tunnel , aim to demonstrate that no matter what a woman wears she never deserves to be raped and the fault is always with the attacker . On the campaign website , the charity points out the absurdity of placing blame on the victim 's clothing . A photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign . The campaign aims to stamp out the myth that women are ` asking for it ' because of how they are dressed . They say : ` There 's a myth that surrounds women , a myth that embroils them : Women who dress or behave suggestively , women who are playful or who act provocatively , women who flirt or openly discuss sex -- they 're ` asking for it ' . ' The charity goes on to explain that women should n't have to suppress their individuality in fear of an attack . ` It 's an insidious fable , and it needs to stop . ` Every woman has a right to freedom of expression . No woman deserves to be raped for it . ' The photos are accompanied by the manifesto which states that no piece of clothing means ` yes ' The campaign asks women to join the movement by uploading their images to Instagram using the hashtag . In January this year the head of the Crown Prosecution Service , Alison Saunders , said society must ` challenge ' the view that rape victims should be blamed if they had been ` drinking ' ` No one should be able to blame rape on a short skirt . A short skirt ca n't talk -- a short skirt ca n't say ` yes ' . The only yes should be an active and embodied ` yes ! '' As well as the 200 photographs produced , the charity have called for other women to join the movement by posting their own photographs on Instagram using the same hashtag . The movement is the latest in an ongoing battle to stamp out victim blaming when it comes to rape . In January this year , the head of the Crown Prosecution Service , Alison Saunders , said society must ` challenge ' the view that rape victims should be blamed if they had been ` drinking ' . In February it was revealed that 20 per cent of people believe victims are partly responsible if they 're drunk . It was also revealed that it is the younger generation who are more likely to blame women for their rape . She said : ` For too long society has blamed rape victims for confusing the issue of consent -- by drinking or dressing provocatively for example . ` It is not a crime to drink , but it is a crime to target someone who is no longer capable of consenting to sex through drink . ' Just a month later an ONS report -- based on the Crime Survey for England and Wales , which questions thousands of people -- found a sizeable minority did think that people who had consumed alcohol before they were attacked should shoulder some responsibility . Some 33 per cent of those aged between 16-19 believed that victims were partially responsible for their rape if they were drunk . Some 6 per cent said the victim is ` completely/mostly responsible ' if they were drunk . A further 20 per cent said they were ` a little bit responsible ' . Two-thirds of respondents said the victim was ` not responsible ' and 7 per cent did n't know . A short skirt is not a yes . A red lip is not a yes . A wink is not a yes . A slow dance is not a yes . A walk home is not a yes . A drink back at mine is not a yes . A kiss on the sofa is not a yes . The only ` yes ' is a ` yes ' . Among those aged 25 to 44 , around 23 per cent felt that a person who was drunk was at least partly responsible . For those aged 16 to 19 , the figure was 33 per cent . Sarah Green , from the campaign group End Violence Against Women Coalition , says that the concerning increase for victim blaming appears to be coming from the younger generation . ` We already know that a significant minority of the population are inclined to blame women for being raped , but what should be a cause of great concern in these figures is the fact that younger people are more likely to blame women and girls for rape . ` Young people today are bombarded with confusing messages about men and women and sexuality -- women are constantly portrayed as sex objects and it is implied that it is ` natural ' for men to pursue women to the point of coercion . '