Thierry Henry has hit out at Javier Hernandez for celebrating his late Champions League winner against Atletico Madrid ` like he had just won the World Cup ' . The Real Madrid striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo with just two minutes left to play after neat work by the Portugal international . Hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner but Henry feels the forward , on loan from Manchester United , owes all the credit to his team-mate . Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez earns his side Champions League victory with a late , late goal . The on-loan Mexican striker wheels away in celebration as he fires Real Madrid in to the next round . Hernandez is welcomed by the ecstatic Real Madrid fans following his late goal against rivals Atletico . Henry told Sky Sports : ` To be fair to him he does n't really play . He was given an opportunity tonight but we still do n't know whether he will play again . ` He had a couple of chances in the game . One on his left foot and then another on his right foot . But I can tell you , he needs to thank -LRB- Cristiano -RRB- Ronaldo tonight . ` I know he went on to celebrate alone and everything but he needs to thank Ronaldo , because for me he has to . It 's Ronaldo who chooses to change the course of the game . ` He -LRB- Ronaldo -RRB- should 've passed the ball in the first-half but he did n't , but he did in the second-half because he knew he needed to finish them -LRB- Atletico Madrid -RRB- there and then . ` That is for me Ronaldo 's goal . There is two minutes to go , he did n't want to take that chance because he knows Hernandez is in a better position so you have to play that ball . ` Ronaldo gave him that ball so that goal is Ronaldo 's goal . At that moment he knows he can not shoot so he does n't take the risk of doing something stupid or silly . The on-loan striker slides to his knees in celebrations following his late goal at the Bernabeu Stadium . Hernandez falls backwards in celebration after his late goal earned Real Madrid a Champions League victory . ` He saw a guy in a better position , which Hernandez was , and he gave him the ball , so that is Ronaldo 's goal . ` What I do n't like is that he celebrates like he has just won the World Cup . It 's a tap in . Turn around and celebrate with Ronaldo . ` He knew he had to perform and he had a couple of chances to do it . Even the camera knew , the camera is on Ronaldo for a reason . ' Hernandez and Ronaldo celebrate as Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League . Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the Mexican striker for the way in which he celebrated his winner . However , former Liverpool defender and fellow pundit Jamie Carragher was quick to highlight that Ronaldo would have done the same if it was his late winner . The 37-year-old told Sky Sports : ` It was Ronaldo 's goal in terms of what he did for the goal but Ronaldo is the worst in the world at things like that . ` He took a penalty in the final last year to make it 4-1 , he takes his top off and becomes the picture the next day . ' But former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher did n't share the same views as former Arsenal man Henry .