All three of the main parties ' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school . The outbreak of honesty among politicians came when the BBC 's Daily Politics show presenter Andrew Neil , asked if it would be a ` acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school ' . Tristram Hunt , Labour 's shadow education secretary answered first and said : ` Yes . In certain circumstances ' . He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector . All three of the main parties ' education spokesmen - pictured on the BBC 's Daily Politics show today - revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school . Two of his three children go to a state primary school in north London , with the third expected to go to the same school . But he has not ruled out switching them to independent schools . In contrast , Labour leader Ed Miliband refused to publicly support Labour 's deputy Scottish Leader , Anas Sarwar , when he chose to send his son to a private school in Glasgow . Privately-educated Schools Minister David Laws -- who has no children - immediately said ` yes ' when asked whether a future education secretary should be able to send their children private . And Education Secretary , Nicky Morgan , who was privately educated but sends her son to a state primary , said : ` Yes , you do what 's right for the child . ' Ukip 's James Arnott and the Green Party 's James Humphreys also agreed that there was no problem with a future Education Secretary sending their children private -- although Mr Arnott added it would be an ` indictment ' of the quality of state schools . Just seven per cent of children in the UK are privately educated . Ukip has pledged to bring back grammar schools by converting some existing comprehensives but Mrs Morgan said it would be a ` step backwards ' and the plan ` does not respect the outstanding schools that we see up and down the country ' . Tristram Hunt , Labour 's shadow education secretary , was asked if it was acceptable for an Education Secretary to send their child private . He said : ` Yes . In certain circumstances ' The rare frankness about whether they would send their children private is in stark contrast to the controversy sparked by Labour left-winger Diane Abbott , who sent her son to the exclusive fee-paying City of London school . Miss Abbott had previously criticised Harriet Harman , now Labour 's deputy leader , for sending her children to a selective grammar school . While many politicians on the Left have avoided paying to send their children to get the best education , they have managed to get them into elite taxpayer-funded schools . Both Tony Blair -- who converted to Catholicism after standing down -- and atheist Nick Clegg , bagged places at leading London Oratory for their children . Both men are married to Catholics . Put to the three main party spokesmen that they were all privately educated and Oxbridge graduates , Mr Hunt agreed that the ` circle is tightening ' on top professions . Mr Hunt also signalled Labour would sack all the ` unqualified ' teachers by the end of their first term in government if they had not signed up to training . Labour leader Ed Miliband , who stopped for a selfie with passers by at Sheffield railway station today , has vowed to halt the Coalition 's education reforms . The Prime Minister , campaigning with supporters in Cornwall today , has vowed to turn all failing schools into academies . Some 17,000 teachers do not have ` Qualified Teacher Status ' after Michael Gove , the previous Tory Education Secretary , waived the rules to attract more professionals and subject experts into schools . But Mr Hunt said Labour would be prepared to fire them . ` At the end of a parliament , if you 're not qualified or working towards qualified teacher status , we do n't think that you 've shown the enthusiasm and the respect to your pupils ... . you do n't deserve to be in the classroom ... we need high quality teaching . '' He said firing them would be ` a sign of the respect we attach to teachers ' . ` We think it is a demanding , fulfilling profession . We do n't think anyone can turn up to be a teacher . You need training , ' he said . Mr Hunt himself is technically unqualified but occasionally teaches history in London schools and university . He did not reveal if he had plans to fire himself should Labour win the election .