Beaming towards the camera as a toothy 10-year-old , Carl Thompson is the picture of health as he poses in his family 's back garden . But more than 20 years later the once rosy-cheeked boy is facing death after ballooning to 65 stone to become Britain 's fattest man . Consuming 10,000 calories-a-day by gorging on takeaways and whole loaves of bread , the 32-year-old is too heavy to walk or wash himself . He is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in Dover , Kent , kept company by a team of NHS carers who come to bathe him and cook for him every day . Scroll down for video . Carl Thompson , 32 , has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone . Mr Thompson said he has always had problems with food and was even caught raiding neighbours fridges when he was three -LRB- left -RRB- . But aged around 10 he was a normal size and played like a normal child . Living off a combination of incapacity benefits and a disability allowance , Mr Thompson spends roughly £ 200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping . He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory . At the time Mr Thompson said he ate everything the factory did n't sell . But after the death of his mother in 2012 from a brain tumour , Mr Thompson turned to food as a means of coping with his grief . Breakfast : Four sausages , five fried eggs , fried bread , mushrooms fried in butter , bowl of cereal with full fat milk . Lunch : Bowl of pasta , chips , bacon , pork pies , crisps , pasties , sandwiches and chocolate . Dinner : Chinese or Indian takeaway of up to £ 25 five nights a week . Snacks : £ 10 a day on Yorkie bars . With food as his only source of comfort , he doubled in weight from 30 to 65 stone in just three years and became housebound . ` That 's how I put all this weight on . I was very close to my mum , ' he said speaking of his mother . ` She was fantastic , and I still have n't got over it . ' Now his days normally begin with a fry-up breakfast of four sausages , five fried eggs , a pan-full of mushrooms and fried bread . Lunch can be a bowlful of pasta , chips , bacon , pork pies , crisps , pasties , sandwiches and chocolate and dinner a takeaway . Since he is unable to leave the house Mr Thompson relies on online shopping deliveries and takeaways . His carers prepare meals with the ingredients he has bought . ` I order takeaways five nights a week , usually spending between £ 10 and £ 25 on Chinese , curries , pizza or fish and chips , ' he said . ` My carers cook my food during he day and it 's always microwaved meals - my favourite is chicken curry . ' Alongside takeaways Mr Thompson spends £ 10 a day on chocolate , typically Yorkie bars . Mr Thompson has put on 30 stone since 2012 -LRB- pictured above -RRB- when his mother died . He has not had a relationship since his early twenties which ended because of his weight gain . ` My last girlfriend was a girl called Rachel 10 years ago , but we split up after three years because of my weight , ' he said . While Mr Thompson said he has always had a problem with food -LRB- he was caught raiding his neighbours ' fridges when he was three -RRB- he said it was made worse by the death of his mother in 2012 . Having been admitted to hospital for heart attacks and septicemia in the last three years , he is facing death unless he drastically changes his diet . Desperate to shed 45 stone , Mr Thompson said : ` I could die , that 's the bottom line if I keep going the way I do . ` Because of what I eat I 'm missing out on everything in life . ` I can not go to the park and I can not go on holiday . ' But unlike Paul Mason , previously Britain 's heaviest man who tipped the scales at 70 stone , Mr Thompson said he does not want to undergo gastric band surgery . ` I need to go somewhere to lose my weight naturally because I ca n't do it on my own , ' he said . ` I do n't want a gastric band , they 're dangerous . I 'd like the help of a dietician and a psychiatrist to help shift the weight . '' While Mr Thompson said he has always had weight issues , he ballooned in size following the death of his mother -LRB- pictured together left when he was 15 -RRB- . Now he can not wash or leave the house . The former factory worker said he has always had a problem with food . He is pictured above aged around four . ` I will go anywhere which will help me lose weight . It 's taken over my life . I ca n't move , I ca n't cook , and it 's time for that to end . ' Earlier this week a woman weighing 60 stone who was once Britain 's fattest teenager had to be airlifted out of her home . Georgia Davis , 22 , was taken to hospital following the dramatic effort which using a crane to get her out of her specially adapted flat in Aberdare , south Wales . Paul Mason , who was once considered the fattest man in the country after ballooning to 70 stone , has recently told of his ordeal trying to get rid of excess skin following a 46-stone weight loss . The 54-year-old travelled to the U.S. to have the operation carried out after being refused by the NHS . Mr Thompson eats 10,000 calories a day between takeaways , fry up breakfasts , pork pies and microwavable meals . The 32-year-old said he is desperate to lose weight but does not want a gastric band because he thinks they are dangerous .