Enter the term ` CEO ' into Google images and you 'll be presented with a grid of smiling men in suits , most of them stock images , with a few snaps of Steve Jobs thrown in . Scroll down and you 'll eventually find your first female face : none other than Barbie , ` CEO Barbie ' to be precise , a doll which first appeared in the Eighties , dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase . The image of Barbie is the 96th result on the page , and ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article courtesy of The Onion that jokingly states ` women do n't run companies ' . Spot the stereotype ! Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term ` CEO ' , after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men . Several high-powered women , including women 's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton , have re-tweeted the results of the search , which is being seen by many as a sad reflection on the general state of women in the workplace . Google , like other search engines , generates images based on a knot of complex algorithms related to file names and key words . The more ` popular ' and relevant an image is , the higher up the ranks it will move . After Barbie , the next female - and the first human one - you 'll find upon searching Google Images for ` CEO ' does n't pop up until several lines more of men , and is Jessica Herrin , CEO of a jewellery company called Stella & Dot . Incidentally , a new study from the University of Washington recently found that results like these are indeed contributing to gender bias , and perpetuating outdated views on women in the workplace . Shining example ? The image -LRB- pictured -RRB- is of ` CEO Barbie ' , a doll which first appeared in the 80s , dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase . Noted : Chelsea Clinton was one of the many high-powered women to retweet the results of the search . The study concluded : ` Manipulated image search results could determine , on average , seven per cent of a study participant 's subsequent opinion about how many men and women work in a particular field . ' Earlier this year , it was determined by the Professional Boards Forum 's BoardWatch that for the first time ever , the proportion of women on FTSE 500 boards in the UK had reached 20 per cent . Of the images returned by Google from a ` CEO ' search , only 11 per cent were of women . And unlike most scenarios concerning gender inequality , nothing is to blame here but a set of internet algorithms . Funny side : One Twitter user deemed the phenomenon ` hilarious ' In a nutshell : The Atlantic pointed out that Google Images ' definition of a CEO was ` mostly white guys and Barbie ' Misrepresentation : Others hinted that the results were woefully out-of-date .