This season is set to be one of celebration for Chelsea as they close in on a Premier League and a Capital One Cup double , but Jose Mourinho 's men have also be in party mood off-the-pitch too . Blues quartet Eden Hazard , Thibaut Courtois , Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown marked the start of the Thai New Year in a novel way by showcasing their skills . Accompanied with club mascot Stamford the Lion , the foursome poured water over each other while enjoying a game of kick-ups at their Cobham training ground base . Thibaut Courtois , Kurt Zouma Izzy Brown and Eden Hazard -LRB- left to right -RRB- celebrate Thai New Year . Chelsea quartet celebrated the Songkran festival with the traditional activity of throwing water at each other . The Blues foursome took part in the Thai activity with a game of kick-ups at their Cobham training base . The Songkran festival , which started on Monday and finishes on Wednesday , is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other . This tradition is meant as a symbol of washing away all of their sins and the bad . And there was nothing bad on show from the Chelsea quartet as they showed Stamford the Lion how it was done during their light-hearted game . As a consequence for failing to keep his head above water during the contest , the mascot took the brunt of the players ' shots as a forfeit at the end of the game . The quartet were joined by Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion during the light-hearted game . Hazard -LRB- front -RRB- and Co soak Stamford the Lion after he lost their kick-ups contest at Cobham . It was the second time in a matter of days that Brown was on the winning side after the 18-year-old captained Chelsea 's Under 19 side to UEFA Youth League final glory over Shakhtar Donetsk on Monday in Nyon . Brown scored twice as the Blues recorded a 3-2 over their Ukrainian opponents before having the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in the footsteps of Barcelona last year . ` It is an amazing achievement , we 've come so far since the first game against Schalke , ' he told Sportsmail after the match . ` There 's been lots of ups and downs through the tournament but we 've stuck together and now we 're European champions . We 've got so many creative players , so many people who can score goals . ' Two-goal hero Brown holds aloft the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea win the UEFA Youth Team League . Brown -LRB- left -RRB- scored twice as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in Monday 's final in Nyon .