Channel 4 's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket in Thailand before the start of filming the second series . I 've always had a love affair with Thailand . At the end of filming Channel 4 's Indian Summers last year , I headed to Koh Phangan , an island off Ko Samui , and did a week-long meditation and yoga course . I came away convinced I was going to carry on doing a minimum of 30 minutes of meditation every morning in London -- a resolve that was slowly eroded by the stresses of relying on London Underground and from Sunday hangovers . So I jumped at the chance of heading out to Thailand again before the start of filming series two . Despite an 18-hour journey on the flawless Singapore Airlines , I arrived in Phuket still excited about recapturing my zen . Phuket , however , is very different from Koh Phangan . First of all it is much greener , and secondly it is definitely an island with party in its bones . I was staying at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort , which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya , and each with their own saltwater private infinity pool facing out on to the shimmering Andaman Sea . Villa co-ordinator Pim immediately apologised for the increased security around the resort -LRB- a Thai princess and Liam from One Direction were there -RRB- . I 'm sure you can just sit and chill in the hotel 's beautiful restaurants or sunbathe on your private terrace , but when Pim dropped me off at my villa , she revealed that another famous Sri Panwa guest -- DJ Norman Cook -LRB- aka Fatboy Slim -RRB- -- was performing at a nightclub called Seduction that evening . I decided zen could wait . Seduction turned out to be off Bangla Road , the heart of Phuket 's red-light district . Having grabbed a tuk-tuk from outside the hotel -LRB- complete with strings of fluorescent lights and speakers blaring out Taylor Swift 's Blank Space -RRB- , I arrived at Patong Beach itself . This is the strip is where zen goes to die . Olivia did yoga at Sri Panwa 's Cool Spa , on a breathtaking platform called Baba Nest , which offers 360 degree views of Cape Panwa -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Bangla Road in Phuket comes to life when the sun goes down . The road is shut to cars and becomes 1,312 ft of neon lights , loud music and cheap beer . There are Thai versions of cabaret clubs such as Crazy Horse and Moulin Rouge , while street hawkers sold tickets to ` ping-pong shows ' , which I later discovered were not as innocent as they sounded . Pim ushered me up an escalator to Seduction 's rooftop party venue . Norman had just started his set and was whipping up a good-looking Thai crowd , all of whom seemed as if they were probably doing an MA at Central Saint Martins in London , into a frenzy . The odd British tourist was in there too , looking appropriately smug that they had stumbled into this stylish haven and escaped the booming sex trade below . The wife of one of the owners of Sri Panwa turned to me and whispered that everyone inside the club was ` VVIP ' . Content in this knowledge , I continued my very English head-bob to Norman 's hit song Praise You . The next morning , breakfast at Baba , Sri Panwa 's poolside restaurant , was a glorious affair . I faced my greatest challenge so far ... selecting from the breakfast buffet . Room with a view ! The luxurious Sri Panwa resort in Phuket features an infinity pool overlooking the Andaman Sea . I always get a bit nervous at buffets . It has to be a carefully managed procedure , and with only a certain amount of space and a plethora of choice , I did an almost ridiculous amount of hovering before settling on a rather ad hoc selection of banana pancakes followed by a Thai fish curry . Curious but excellent is the only way I can describe this combination . It is also testimony to the hotel that all the staff seemed so happy there . I caught a couple of them making faces while squirting the pancake mixture on to the griddle and giggling with a joyousness that I ca n't really imagine at a breakfast buffet in London . I whiled away the afternoon reading by my infinity pool , slathering on the factor 50 at every opportunity , as my skin needs to be eased into even the most minimal sun exposure unless I want that a tantalising combination of prickly heat and sunburn . The James Bond Island is a popular feature in Phang Nga Bay , Phuket . I then headed up to Sri Panwa 's Cool Spa , where you can practise yoga on a breathtaking platform called Baba Nest , which offers 360 degree views of Cape Panwa . Our Thai yoga instructor , who coincidentally had a body which looked as if it had been carved out of mahogany , performed the chaturanga at sunset with a sinuousness that reminded me of that scene featuring the yoga instructor from Couples Retreat , for anyone who knows that film . He did n't quite slap me on the bottom and say ` Encouragement ' , but it was a close-run thing . Then , after a fabulous dinner at Sri Panwa 's beautifully appointed Thai restaurant Soul Food , where the ` squid on hot plate ' sizzled satisfactorily and the green curry with prawns was to die for , I submitted to the jet-lag and crashed out on pillows on which the maids had placed a shell and an orchid . Returning to my quest for zen the next morning , I headed north of Phuket and took a 30-minute boat ride to a quiet island in Phang Nga Bay , which I had been advised was much less touristy than the Phi Phi islands made famous by the film adaptation of Alex Garland 's The Beach . I was picked up by the staff of the Six Senses Yao Noi hotel and spa who had lined the bamboo pier , and was driven to the complex by a tuk-tuk , which bore no resemblance whatsoever to the ones in Phuket . DJ Hardwell also known as Fat Boy Slim , performs a set . The DJ also stayed at the Sri Panwa and performed at a nightclub called seduction . The hotel is much more of a retreat than Sri Panwa and puts a lot of emphasis on being an eco-friendly , sustainable resort . The landscaped gardens are supposedly ` edible ' , there 's a space for some of the happiest free-range chickens I 've ever seen , and a mushroom hut , where the chef harvests fresh oyster mushrooms . But this resort is also beautiful . Each of the villas contains a double bed with white mosquito nets hanging from interwoven horns , the bathrooms have beautiful copper standalone basins , and from the sunken bath there are exquisite views of the strange islets of Phang Nga Bay . The wooden decking leads to a private pool , but you can also pad down to the private sandy beach which stretches below and go for a swim . Fruit and drinks by the pool at Evason Six Senses Hideaway on Koh Yao Noi island . I ate poached rock lobster in coconut milk , lemongrass , galangal and kaffir lime , and a beef curry on jasmine rice , at Six Senses ' beautiful Hilltop restaurant before heading to the beach again where the hotel was screening the Hollywood classic Breakfast At Tiffany 's under the stars . As I listened to Audrey Hepburn describe Tiffany , I thought that this hotel also was a great place to head to when you had the ` mean reds ' -- nothing very bad could happen to you here . Back at Sri Panwa and there was just enough time to indulge in one more Asian-style breakfast curry before take-off . I also spotted Norman lounging by his pool , so I wandered over to congratulate him on his set a few nights before . Norman merely shrugged , as if the crazed hero-worship in the club was just a run-of-the-mill Tuesday , so I duly toned down my enthusiasm and sauntered off with the look of ` Yeah , totally , I feel you . It 's a normal Tuesday night in Phuket for me too . ' And then it was back to London . I may have mislaid my zen in Phuket but I sure had partied . Indian Summers is out now on DVD . Singapore Airlines -LRB- singaporeair.com -RRB- offers return flights from Heathrow and Manchester to Phuket via Singapore from £ 760pp . Rates at Sri Panwa start at £ 336 per pool suite per night . Visit sripanwa.com . .