Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of the teenager accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane . If found guilty , 17-year-old Chancey Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release . In a tedious process that could last four days , District Court judge Ken Graham , prosecutors and Luna 's legal team have begun questioning a jury pool of 170 Stephens County residents . Scroll down for video . Murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane and his girlfriend Sarah Harper . Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of teenager Chancey Luna accused of shooting Lane dead . Lane , 22 , from Melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August , 2013 , when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . Authorities allege Luna , who was in a Ford Focus with two teenage friends , randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past . Once the jury is selected , the trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days . Luna , wearing a bright blue business shirt , was quietly watching the jury selection process in Duncan 's Stephens County Courthouse on Monday . Lane , who was in Duncan visiting his girlfriend Sarah Harper when he was shot , had a baseball scholarship with Oklahoma 's East Central University . Lane 's parents , Peter and Donna Lane , are scheduled to be called as witnesses . Lane -LRB- left and right -RRB- , 22 , from Melbourne , was shot in the back on August 16 , 2013 , in what police said was a random killing as he ran along a road in Duncan , southern Oklahoma , where he was on a sporting scholarship . Donna Lane , mother of shot Australian baseball player Chris Lane , holds a framed Christmas card he and his girlfriend Sarah Harper had sent her on an earlier , happy festive season . Chris Lane with Ms Harper during a visit to Australia , when Sarah took the opportunity to cuddle a koala . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .