Andros Townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against Paul Merson . ` That tweet has been going over in my head , ' said Townsend , who followed up his spectacular equaliser in Italy by hitting Twitter to strike back at criticism from the former Arsenal and England midfielder . ` As soon at the goal went in , I was just desperate to get that tweet out . I 'm eagerly awaiting his response . I have n't seen it yet . Andros Townsend scores England 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur team-mates Ryan Mason -LRB- left -RRB- and Kyle Walker . In his column for skysports.com , Merson wrote : ` If Andros Townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody . We are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs -- he got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against United . ` The England manager is there watching the game and he still gets picked . Townsend and Kyle Walker were the worst two players on the pitch . ` How can you tell me that a manager goes and watches Man United against Tottenham , the winger gets taken off after 30 minutes , the winger from the other team absolutely rinses the full-back for England and Ashley Young does n't get in the squad ? ' ` He said when the squad was announced that I should be `` nowhere near the squad '' . It did n't really annoy me , but gave me the extra incentive to silence a few critics . Hopefully I 've done that as I always have . ' Merson had made his comments on Sky Sports when Roy Hodgson named the players for games against Lithuania and Italy . The 1-1 draw in Turin had not long ended when Townsend -LRB- below -RRB- tweeted to his 285,000 followers : ` Not bad for a player that should be `` nowhere near the squad '' ay @PaulMerse ? ' The Tottenham 's winger 's father Troy joined in , too , tweeting : `` Oh ye of little faith #Merson get in . ' They could also have pointed out that Townsend 's screamer was his third for England , taking him level with Merson . ` You can never stop proving things to people , ' said Townsend . ` But I think every time I 've put on an England shirt I have done myself justice , I have done Roy Hodgson justice and the nation justice . I was a bit disappointed with his comments but I have come on the pitch and silenced them . ' Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson -LRB- centre -RRB- criticised Townsend 's call-up to the England squad last week . Harry Kane congratulates his Tottenham team-mate Townsend after the final whistle in Turin . Good-natured north London Twitter skirmishing aside , there will have been a few Spurs supporters who understood Merson 's point . Townsend 's form has been inconsistent , and having seen him come off the bench to score for England they will wonder why he can not do it more often for Tottenham . ` I ca n't put my finger on it or tell you what it is , ' admitted Townsend , when asked about the contrast . ` The -LRB- England -RRB- manager has always given me confidence to go and express myself and play my natural game . ` I would n't say it 's my best form but this is the best form I 've produced this season . I have had a few injury problems but I 'm over the worst of that . ` I 'm slowly building my confidence back to where it was and hopefully from now until the end of the season I can get more games for Spurs and England and get back to the football I was producing last season . ' After long-range goals against Montenegro and San Marino , Townsend enjoyed the one he flashed past Gianluigi Buffon on Tuesday . It came from his weaker , right foot , against elite opposition and he made a beeline for Buffon after the match to ask for his shirt as a souvenir . ` He is a top goalkeeper -- one of the best to ever play the game -- so to score past him I thought was no mean feat , ' said Townsend . ` As soon as the whistle went , I thought I 'd go and get his shirt because it is a real night to savour for me . ' Roy Hodgson was also impressed with Townsend after the Tottenham winger 's fine goal after the break .