The Conservative and Labour parties will get a nearly identical number of votes in the general election , a new poll predicts . The two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent , according to the Daily Telegraph survey , leaving either UKIP or the Liberal Democrats as potential kingmakers in a future coalition . The poll puts David Cameron and the Tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote , with Labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind , with 31.7 per cent . Scroll down for video . Just ahead : David Cameron , pictured at a community hospital in his Whitney constituency earlier today , is predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote in next month 's general election . Right behind you , David ! Ed Miliband and Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind the Tories . The survey , conducted by the ICM Wisdom Index for the Daily Telegraph , asked 2,000 Britons to predict the share of the votes each party would get in the general election next month . The Liberal Democrats are now expected to get 13.5 per cent , slightly ahead of UKIP with 12.7 per cent , and ` others ' , including the Green Party and independent candidates to get 10.3 per cent . The poll also found that more people trust the Conservatives to deal with the ` cost of living ' , with 32 per cent supporting David Cameron and George Osborne with just 27 per cent trusting Ed Miliband and Ed Balls . Martin Boon , director of ICM Unlimited , said : ` Neck and neck is the only way to describe this race to May 7 , with the two main parties perceived to be separated only by a wafer thin fraction of a point , ' Martin Boon , director of ICM Unlimited , told The Telegraph . Good day for Nick : The Liberal Democrats . The latest YouGov poll published for the Sun on Saturday , put Labour ahead on 35 percent , with the Conservatives on 33 percent . Other polls during the week put the Conservatives marginally ahead . Earlier today , the Tories pledged an extra £ 8billion to the NHS as part of their election campaign . Chancellor George Osborne said next week 's Conservative manifesto would include a promise to meet a £ 30billion-per-year funding gap , identified by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens , by the end of the decade . ` We in the Conservative party are in no doubt about our approach : the NHS is something precious , we value it for the security it provides to everyone in our country , and we will always give it the resources it needs , ' Osborne wrote in the Guardian . The NHS costs about £ 120 billion pounds a year but its budget has been frozen in real terms for the past five years , an exemption from harsh spending cuts suffered by most other public services since the Conservative-led coalition came to power in 2010 vowing to bring down Britain 's huge deficit . The Conservatives also announced that pensioners aged over 75 will be given the right to same-day access to a physician and that everyone will have access to a doctor at the weekends and in the evenings by 2020 . Labour says the Tories plan deep cuts to the NHS and called the latest pledge ` fantasy funding ' .