Rory McIlroy expressed his satisfaction after keeping his dreams of the career grand slam on track with a battling display on the opening day of the 79th Masters . Seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles , McIlroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 . That left the world No 1 four shots off the clubhouse lead of Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman , but it could have been a lot worse as the 25-year-old was forced to scramble for par a number of times on the front nine.Rory McIlroy . Rory McIlroy did well just to bogey the sixth after making a shaky start at the Masters . The world No 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th on Thursday . McIlroy walk downs the ninth fairway with Phil Mickelson during the first round . ` I just kept telling myself to be patient out there today , ' McIlroy said . ` It was a tricky day , the wind was swirling a little bit , the pin positions were tough . Anything under par was a pretty good score . ` It was nice to pick off a couple of birdies on the back nine on the par fives and I 'm pretty satisfied with the day 's work . ' McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at Augusta National and admitted it could have happened again . The four-time major winner hooked his drive on the second into the trees and ended up in a narrow creek , but after taking a penalty drop was able to pitch out to the fairway and hit a superb approach to save par . He did well just to bogey the sixth after his chip from short of the green rolled back down a slope to his feet and scrambled a par on the ninth after his approach span back off the green . ` It could have been a round that got away from me , ' he admitted . ` I bogeyed 11 but I just kept telling myself to stay patient , realising it 's a 72-hole golf tournament and I do n't need to press too much . That 's what I did and it was good to get into red numbers after day one . McIlroy held his nerve to card a one-under-par 71 at Augusta . McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at Augusta . He is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles . ` I feel the way I 'm driving the ball well and if I can keep doing that and just be a little more efficient with my iron play and give myself more opportunities I 'll hopefully be right there at the end of the week . ` I have n't put too much pressure on myself . I obviously know what I can achieve this week but I 'm not letting myself think about it too much . I 'm just trying to play it one round at a time and today was a pretty good day . ` I feel like I can do better but I 'm happy after day one and I 'll go out and try and do a little bit better tomorrow . ' McIlroy will seek to narrow the gap on the early leaders during second round of Friday .