US President Barack Obama said on Saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with Iran 's contested nuclear program , two days after the conclusion of a framework agreement with Tehran . Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran 's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions . As Obama gears up to sell US skeptics on the deal , he said he is convinced talks are the best way forward . Scroll down for video . US President Barack Obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with Iran . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and staff watch a tablet in Lausanne as U.S. President Barack Obama makes a state address on the status of the Iran nuclear program . ` As President and Commander in Chief , I firmly believe that the diplomatic option - a comprehensive , long-term deal like this - is by far the best option , ' Obama said in his weekly address . Explaining that he expects a ` robust debate ' on the deal in the United States , Obama said he will keep Congress apprised of the `` substance of the deal . '' Many of Obama 's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran and suggested the US may be giving too much away in its negotiations . Echoing comments he made hours after the announcement of the agreement , Obama highlighted the rigorous inspections to which Tehran will be subject . ` If Iran cheats , the world will know it . If we see something suspicious , we will inspect it , ' he said . ` So this deal is not based on trust , it 's based on unprecedented verification . ' According to outline text agreed to between Tehran and the P5 +1 group -- the United States , Britain , China , France and Russia plus Germany -- Iran must significantly reduce its number of centrifuges in exchange for a suspension of sanctions . The outline was a major breakthrough in a 12-year international crisis over Iran 's nuclear program , but the final deal has yet to be reached . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said yesterday this new agreement would ` threaten the very survival of the state of Israel ' Iran 's arch-foe Israel , widely assumed to have nuclear weapons of its own , reacted strongly against the deal , with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu saying if the text becomes finalized it would threaten the survival of the state of Israel . ` This deal would legitimize Iran 's nuclear program , bolster Iran 's economy and increase Iran 's aggression and terror throughout the Middle East and beyond , ' the prime minister said . ` It would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war . ' Other critics including Saudi Arabia and Republicans in the US say the deal leaves scope for Iran to cheat . Barack Obama , however , has hailed the agreement struck after tortuous negotiations in Lausanne , Switzerland , as a ` historic understanding ' . There are still many details to be thrashed out before the deal is due to be signed on June 30 , including the pace at which sanctions will be lifted and what happens if Iran is found to have breached the terms .