The BBC has axed Richard Hammond and James May from the Top Gear website after co-presenter Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show . The motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet . It comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked from the BBC for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a Top Gear producer . Scroll down for video . Change : The Top Gear website now features an image of The Stig on his own at the top of the page . Before : The website used to feature an image of all three presenters - Richard Hammond -LRB- left -RRB- , Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- centre -RRB- and James May -LRB- right -RRB- as well as racing driver The Stig -LRB- far right -RRB- . The BBC say the masthead change is to ` simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show ' . However the Corporation is yet to confirm whether Hammond , known as ` The Hamster ' , and May , who is dubbed ` Captain Slow ' , will return to the popular show . Both have recently changed their Twitter bios too , with Hammond saying : ` Ca n't explain it really ... er , I do this car show and stuff . ' While May 's profile reads : ` Former TV presenter only remembered for saying `` Oh c *** '' . Or was that the other bloke ? ' The pair also revealed today that they are selling off a dozen bikes from the classic motor cycle collections - raising more questions about the future of their employment . May is putting eight of his two-wheeled treasures under the hammer , while Hammond , is doing the same with four of his . The BBC say the website change is to reflect the fact that none of the presenters are currently in contract . Together the 12 bikes are estimated to be worth a guide price of £ 66,000 and are being sold off by auctioneers Bonhams later this month . The Top Gear duo 's bikes are being sold off by auctioneers Bonhams at their Spring Stafford Sale later this month . May insisted the decision to sell the bikes came before the latest BBC Top Gear turmoil , saying : ' Just because I 'm unemployed now does n't mean I have to get rid of everything . ` I was going to sell these bikes anyway . And those paintings , and my collection of Scalextric cars . Honest ' . Hammond added : ` As a serious collector of motorcycles , it 's important to review one 's stable regularly , and the Bonhams Stafford sale is the ideal opportunity to move bikes on and possibly acquire new ones . Hammond and May also revealed they are selling off a dozen bikes from the classic motor cycle collections . The BBC confirmed they will fulfil the Top Gear live gigs , but they will be stripped of the Corporation 's branding . ` I also have a canoe , and some Wharfedale hi-fi speakers , if anyone 's interested ' . However the BBC has confirmed that Top Gear 's live world tour will go ahead next month , with the three original presenters at the helm . They will do a series of gigs , which have already sold 200,000 tickets worldwide and made £ 10million , but the show will be stripped entirely of all BBC branding . Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear on March 25 after it was found that he had punched producer Oisin Tymon in a 30-second assault , leaving him with a split lip and needing hospital treatment . The BBC announced ` a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' following the suspension . Jeremy Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he punched Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon -LRB- pictured -RRB- .