Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday to Justice Department employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing . His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general 's report found the Drug Enforcement Administration had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes . Holder said the department 's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal . Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo Friday to DOJ employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes . An inspector general 's report found the DEA mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes . House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz called the findings ` stunning ' The DOJ is investigating the disciplinary process following the accusations of sexual misconduct , Fox News reported . The memo said : ` The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department , not simply because it invites extortion , blackmail , and leaks of sensitive or classified information , but also because it undermines the Department 's efforts to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking . ' The ten DEA agents - an assistant regional director and nine special agents - had the alleged parties ` at government-leased headquarters , ' and three of the special agents ` were provided money , expensive gifts , and weapons from drug cartel members ' , according to the report . House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz called the allegations regarding the DEA agents ` stunning ' and urged action . He said : ` We need to hold them accountable and , given the clear evidence in the OIG report , they should be fired immediately . ' Although the inspector general 's report did not identify the foreign country where the parties took place , it has been confirmed it was Colombia , according to the Washington Post . The inspector general found many sex-related offenses in the case files of the FBI , DEA , ATF and US Marshals . A DOJ spokeswoman said : ` Department leadership takes very seriously the allegations laid out in the IG 's report and acted quickly to remind all employees that they are prohibited from participating in commercial sex acts and will be suspended or terminated for violating the policy . ' The agencies investigated by the inspector general were the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , DEA , the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the US Marshals Service . Holder also directed a review of the security clearances of the DEA employees who attended the parties to ensure that they continue to qualify for the clearances . He also called for improvements in how the DEA investigates and handles allegations of misconduct .