With seven gold medals , two Olympic Games , an OBE and a stint in the I 'm A Celebrity ! Get Me Out Of Here jungle under her belt , there 's not much that phases former Olympic swimming champion Rebecca Adlington . But at eight months pregnant with her first child , the 26-year-old has revealed being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far . In an interview in the Sunday Mirror the gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with , especially as she did n't even look pregnant and was used to being in charge of her body . Scroll down for video . Eight months pregnant Rebecca Adlington ca n't wait to ` feel myself again ' after her daughter is born . Rebecca and husband Harry Needs last month , left , and in December 2014 at the start of her first pregnancy . Rebecca has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy , Instagramming her progress . She says : ` I put on a stone and could no longer fit in my clothes , but I was n't ready for maternity stuff . I did n't feel good about myself . ' Rebecca married fellow swimmer Harry Needs , 23 , in September 2014 and discovered she was pregnant soon after their honeymoon . Having lost 21 lbs after appearing in ITV 's I 'm A Celebrity ! Get Me Out Of Here in December 2013 by avoiding carbohydrates , Rebecca , who is expecting a baby girl , says she 's now ` craving stodge ' . She also revealed she ca n't wait for her pregnancy to finish and is fed up of becoming breathless walking up a flight of stairs . She said : ` I 'm over it . I do n't want her to arrive yet because it 's not time , but it 's dragged a lot . I want to get back in shape and feel like myself again . ' Olympic gold medalist Rebecca Adlington on holiday in Dubai with husband Harry earlier in the pregnancy . With a family history of miscarriage , Rebecca says she has been especially careful throughout her pregnancy , and has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit . Her daughter is due on June 4 and she is planning a water birth , which she believes is ` logical ' given that the baby is in water now . She said : ` It 's better for me to be relaxed . Plus I 'm used to being in water . The one thing I 've said is , Harry 's not coming in the pool with me - it 's my space . ' And with her best friend 's wedding , at which she will be bridesmaid , in August she is determined to get back her pre-baby figure as soon as possible . Rebecca shares the record for Great Britain 's most decorated female Olympian after winning two gold medals in Beijing in 2008 and two bronzes at London 2012 . After retiring from competitive swimming in February 2013 Rebecca now runs Becky Adlington 's Swim Stars , a swimming academy which runs across the UK teaching kids aged three to 11 . Rebecca with her bronze medal in the women 's 400m freestyle at the 2012 Olympics in London .