This is the £ 1million luxury townhouse underwear tycoon Michelle Mone has put on the market so she can buy her ex-husband out of the ` dream home ' they once shared . The 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the Park Circus area of Glasgow for £ 780,700 after she split from her former husband Michael in December 2011 . She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse , described by estate agents as an ` outstanding interior designed luxury home ' which has been ` impeccably refurbished ' . Scroll down for video . On the market : Michelle Mone has put her luxury Glasgow townhouse up for sale so she can buy her husband out of their ` dream ' mansion . Luxury : The £ 1million property in the exclusive area of the city comes complete with ornate high ceilings and large windows in the living room . Trendy : The fully-integrated kitchen has been fitted with modern , top of the range appliances and features a white gloss central island . Tycoon : Michelle Mone set up Ultimo underwear business with her husband Michael -LRB- right -RRB- in 1996 , but they split in December 2011 . It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and drawing room complete with a marble fireplace and a living flame fire . The views expand over the residents central gardens in the exclusive part of the city and the master suite comes with it 's own wet room . Each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards , sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains . Interior photographs show the living room with a baby grand piano in it and a painting of a sleeping blonde woman above the fireplace . Grand : Ms Mone did n't move into the townhouse straightaway after spending months having it renovated , including this spectacular staircase . Magnificent : The large hallway leads to the staircase in the two-storey property , which comes complete with three bedrooms . Impressive : Ms Mone bought the property for £ 780,000 after splitting from her then husband . The large hallway comes with a massive mirror . It is being marketed by estate agents Corum for offers over £ 875,000 , which means the Ultimo founder will profit from at least £ 100,00 if it sells . Once the sale is completed she plans to move back into her family home , a five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall , Lanarkshire , after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband to buy it . Mone , who also owns a £ 2million flat in Mayfair , London , said she would change her old mansion to rid it of ` bad memories ' when she revealed her property plans last week . The mother-of-three said : ` I 'm selling my home here in Glasgow but I also own the big house with my ex-husband . For two years I 've been trying to buy him out of it and he only agreed just the other day - which is fantastic . ` I 'm over the moon . I 'll always have a base here in Glasgow but I 've moved in to my London home as well . So , that means I 'll have just the one home here rather than one and a half . ' She said that although she has not lived in the Thorntonhall home for two years , she ` loves ' the property , which she bought with her then husband , Mr Mone , in 2008 . They demolished the original building , and built ` Telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average British house . Comfy : The bay windows stream light into the living room of the property , in an exclusive area of Glasgow , which has been fully re-decorated . Elegant : One of the bedrooms in the property has been decorated with a cerise and beige velvet accessories and features a large window seat . Sparkling : The master suite includes a wet room , kitted out in a gold-theme , while the house also has another shower room and laundry room . ` I designed it , I built it , I love it , ' she said . ` But I 'm going to change it all so that it does n't have any of the bad memories from when I lived there . That said , I have n't been spending a whole lot of time in the town house since I 've been promoting my book in America . ' In 2010 , Ms Mone was at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . Five residents objected to her proposals and one said the development would ` completely dwarf ' the rest of the street . But it was still given the go-ahead by planners . The couple created lingerie brand Ultimo together in 1996 , split in 2011 after she believed Michael had had an affair with bra designer , Samantha Bunn , with whom he has set up a rival lingerie firm . Writing on Twitter earlier this month , Ms Mone said : ` Sad to be selling my stunning townhouse in Scotland . Brilliant news is after trying for two years I 'm buying my ex out of my dream home . ' The couple continued to live in the family home for some time after their acrimonious separation . In her recently published autobiography , Mone admitted she put laxatives in her husband 's coffee , let down his tyres and cut holes in his boxer shorts . She also said that on one occasion while they were still sharing the marital home , she poured cold water on his side of the bed . Ms Mone said later : ` I am sorry for that . Sorry for that woman I became . It was n't nice at all . ' After she moved into the townhouse in Park Circus , she opened the doors of the home for a photoshoot with Hello ! magazine , describing the property as her ` new beginning ' . Townhouse : The period townhouse -LRB- centre -RRB- has southerly views over private residents ' central gardens in the Park Circus area of Glasgow . ` Dream home ' : This is the luxury five-bedroom mansion Ms Mone previously shared with her husband , which she plans to move back into . 1996 Michael and Michelle Mone create lingerie brand Ultimo . 2008 The couple buy plot in Thorntonhall , Lanarkshire . They demolish the original building , and build ` Telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average British house . 2010 Ms Mone is at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . 2011 Michelle and Michael split in December after she believed he had an affair with bra designer , Samantha Bunn . He has since set up a rival lingerie firm with Ms Bunn . 2012 The former family home in Lanarkshire is put on the market for 2012 . Ms Mone claims her ex-husband refused to sell his part of the property . Ms Mone pays £ 780,700 for three-bedroom duplex in Glasgow and had extensive works done . 2013 Ms Mone moves into her Glasgow townhouse , and showcases it in exclusive Hello ! interview . 2014 Ms Mone becomes embroiled in a bitter row over plans to turn the house next door to her £ 1 million home into student digs . Today She announces plans to sell Glasgow home and move back into former family home .