A roofing boss has alleged to be a love cheat on his own company website - when his furious ex-girlfriend altered the page to shame him . Lisa Morgan , 40 , a legal secretary , amended the site she had set up for former boyfriend Sean Meade , 45 , to claim he had been unfaithful . Visitors to the Top of the World Roofing website are told it has ` ceased trading at present ' as the boss was ` unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again ' . Lisa Morgan , 40 , altered the Top of the World Roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend , Sean Meade . Miss Morgan said the updated site had brought in more views than ever before . Speaking to the Sun , she said : ` I changed it to stop other women falling for his charm . ' The couple met after they got chatting on a flight home from Turkey in August . The relationship escalated quickly and the roofing boss moved in to Miss Morgan 's house in Chatham , Kent . But she said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night , not returning home . She said she checked his phone bill and found calls to another woman . She also contacted his estranged wife Joanne - who told her he had cheated on her as well . She said : ` When I started digging , I realised he 's lived in different women 's houses not paying a penny and moving from one to the next for years so I thought , you know what , this can stop here . ` There are kids I did n't even know existed and the more I was digging the more I was like `` oh my God I do n't even know the person I 've been dating '' and that 's how it all came about . ` I started going back through , thinking things are n't adding up when he was going missing . ` A girl rang me out of the blue and said she 'd been seeing him . But he completely convinced me that she just a nutter who knows him , but then a few weeks later , when he was going missing once a week still , I thought things are n't adding up . ' She then decided to change the webpage . ` It 's my website , I bought the domain name , made him a nice website because he ca n't read and write ' , she said . ` I did his website then I thought you know what this goes back all that time so I just thought it 's all over his truck , the name of his firm , that he drives so I wanted to oust him . ' On the webpage , it explains how Mr Meade 's address ` changes every few months ' , as does his phone number . The website now says how he was ` dumped and this resulted in him having to woo a new woman and quick as he was effectively homeless . ' It adds : ` He was fortunate enough to find someone to take him in within days of dating . ' On the sidebar of the page , under ` address ' it reads ` changes every few months - moves from one woman 's house to the next ' . Today , Miss Morgan continued to shame her former boyfriend by posting a series of YouTube clips of his answer phone messages where he issues an apology . Mr Meade , of Orpington , Kent , told MailOnline : ` She 's trying to ruin someone 's life . If that 's what someone wants to do , I will carry on , it 's not affecting my life . ` If anyone sees the website , it just shows what she is capable of . I hope she finds happiness in her life . She should really get out more . ` She 's just a lunatic and it was a crazy six months . I 'm not the only person to have cheated on her , but what does that say about her ? ' Confirming his new relationship , he said : ` It 's not a new person . I 've known her for all my life , but she -LRB- Lisa -RRB- is trying to ruin my life . ' He added how he was not yet divorced as his estranged wife ` wo n't do it yet ' . His estranged wife , Joanne , 35 , who lives in Weald , Sevenoaks , told the Sun : ` I think it 's great what she 's done . It serves him right . '