A recent survey has revealed that more than half of UK children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis . With childhood obesity on the rise in the UK , these new figures are incredibly alarming . For more than two decades , I 've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg . So I wanted to share some of my feeding wisdom to help encourage healthier , happier children . It 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food . Annabel Karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables . My son was a very fussy eater , so I had to think of ingenious ways to ensure he was getting a wholesome balanced diet whilst enjoying what he was eating . Truth be told , ninety percent of children go through at least one lengthy stage of fussy eating . It 's so easy to feel frustrated and powerless when your child simply refuses to eat certain foods . But the key is not to give in or give up . Day in , day out , I persisted with new healthy foods , new recipes and creative ways to hide the good bits my son did n't like . In fact , it was coming up with these new and novel recipes that inspired me to create my very first book -- Complete Baby and Toddler Meal Planner . While it can be frustrating when a child rejects the food we give them , it 's actually the way that we deal with the situation that impact on their eating habits . It 's not ideal to let your child get away with not eating certain foods in order to keep the peace . Giving your children a limited number of foods will only escalate their fussiness , and deprive them of the essential nutrients they need to grow and develop . If I am honest , hiding the good bits in a meal did n't always get past my children , but I found it really important to hide my frustrations . Instead , I gave them lots of praise when they ate well or tried something new . Remember , you are not alone ! Keep trying out new ideas and eventually you will see positive results . Do n't be afraid to quiz other mums on how they get their children eating healthy food . I used to share my recipes at my son 's nursery and it felt so good to be able to help other mums in my position . Annabel says that parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children and eventually they will see positive results when it comes to a healthy diet . Tips for helping kids towards their five-a-day . 1 . Try making your own healthy junk food using good quality lean meat for burgers , English muffins for pizza bases and a good way to coat homemade fish fingers is to dip them in seasoned flour , beaten egg and crushed cornflakes . For dessert it 's easy to make fresh fruit ice lollies from fruit juice and pureed fruits . 2 . Some kids can spot a hidden mushroom a mile off , so sometimes the best thing is to be up front about fruit and vegetables , tell them where they come from and why they are so good for you . Giving them facts could make them more interested about what they are eating . I used to offer a starter - a little teacup or saucer of something new that they could try that would be in addition to their main meal . 3 . If your child refuses to eat anything other than junk food , do n't worry . They will soon find there 's not much point making a fuss if you do n't react . 4 . Without going to unnecessary lengths , try to make sure your child 's food not only tastes good but looks good too . Make mini portions in ramekins , make chicken skewers or thread bite sized pieces of fruit onto a straw . 5 . Avoid empty calorie snacks like crisps or soft drinks and keep a supply of healthy snacks on hand -- maybe have a low shelf in the fridge with cut up fresh fruit and other healthy foods . When children are hungry , they wo n't wait . 6 . Children like to assemble their own food , so you could lay ingredients out in bowls and let your child fill and fold their own wraps or choose their favourite toppings for their home made pizzas . 7 . Most children adore cooking and tasks like squeezing fresh orange juice or cracking eggs are well within the capabilities of a young child . It 's amazing how being involved in the planning and preparation of a meal can stimulate a child 's appetite . 8 . My chilled toddler meals are great for packing in the veggies -- especially on those busy days . Based on my favourite cookbook recipes , they taste just like homemade and offer up to three of a child 's five-a-day . Mini vegetable balls . MINI VEGETABLE BALLS -LRB- suitable from nine months -RRB- . Ingredients , makes 24 veggie balls . 2 carrots , peeled and grated . 1 small courgette , grated . 75g -LRB- 30z -RRB- butternut squash , peeled and grated . 1 onion , peeled and finely chopped . 1/2 tbsp chopped fresh thyme . 50g -LRB- 2oz -RRB- mushroom chopped . 50g -LRB- 2oz -RRB- parmesan , grated . 150g -LRB- 5oz -RRB- breadcrumbs . 1 small egg , beaten . 1 1/2 tbsp. tomato ketchup , plus extra to serve . 1tsp soy sauce . A little plain flour . 2tbsp olive oil . Method . Put the grated carrots , courgette and squash into a clean tea towel or muslin cloth and squeeze out as much liquid as possible . Tip into a mixing bowl and add all the remaining ingredients except the flour and the olive oil . Stir to combine and , using damp hands , shape the mixture into 24 little balls . Put the flour on a plate and roll the ball in it to coat . Heat the oil in a larger frying pan . Add the balls and fry for about 5 minutes or until lightly browned . You may need to do this in batches depending on the size of your pan . Allow to cool a little and serve with ketchup . Suitable for freezing so make an extra batch and save for another day . Mini turkey burgers . MINI TURKEY BURGERS -LRB- suitable from nine months -RRB- . Ingredients , makes 15 mini burgers . 1/2 onion , peeled and chopped . 1/2 desert apple , peeled and grated . 1tbp chopped fresh thyme . 250g -LRB- 9oz -RRB- minced turkey . 75g -LRB- 3oz -RRB- white breadcrumbs . 40g -LRB- 1 1/2 oz -RRB- Cheddar cheese , grated . 2tbsp tomato ketchup . A few drops of Worcestershire sauce . Olive oil , for drizzling . Method . Pre heat the oven to 200C/400F / Gas 6 . Put the onion , apple and thyme into a food processor and whiz until everything is finely chopped . Add the reaming ingredients and whiz again until they are all combined . With damp hands , shape the mixture into 15 mini burgers . Place the burgers on a baking sheet lined with non-stick paper and drizzle over a little oil . Bake in the oven for 8-10 minutes , then turn over and cook for another 8-10 minutes until golden and cooked through . Veggie skeleton dip . VEGGIE SKELETON DIP . Ingredients , makes on skeleton . Sweet Chilli and Sour Cream Dip . 100g cream cheese . 100g soured cream . 2 tbsp sweet chilli sauce -LRB- or to taste -RRB- . 1 tsp lime juice . Decoration . 1/4 cucumber , sliced . 1/2 carrot , peeled and sliced in half . 3 mushrooms , sliced . 2 sticks celery . 1 red pepper , deseeded and sliced . 2 broccoli florets . A handful of salad cress . Black pitted olive , sliced . Red pepper . Method . First make the dip . Beat the cream cheese until smooth , then beat in the sour cream , sweet chilli sauce and lime juice . Cover and chill until needed . Arrange the vegetables on a board to make the skeleton -LRB- save a little of the carrot and pepper for the face -RRB- . Transfer the dip to a small bowl and add the cress , olive slices , carrot and pepper to make the face . If you 've got a jam-packed family schedule , Annabel 's delicious chilled toddler meals are perfect for those busy days . Taste tested by toddlers and packed with up to 3 of their 5-a-day , the range has been inspired by Annabel 's most popular cookbook recipes . For information and more food ideas visit www.annabelkarmel.com .