A photographer who captured the brutal murder of an immigrant in South Africa has spoken out after coming under fire for taking pictures instead of trying to save the victim . James Oatway took chilling images of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday . Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world , with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole 's death . Responding to the criticism , Mr Oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country . He also told how he desperately tried to save Mr Sithole by taking him to a nearby medical centre . But in a desperate twist he found it was closed because the foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . Scroll down for video . Photographer James Oatway -LRB- left -RRB- who captured the brutal murder of migrant Emmanuel Sithole -LRB- right -RRB- in South Africa has spoken out after coming under fire for taking pictures instead of trying to save the victim . Sick : As Emmanuel Sithole lay injured in the gutter another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench . Under siege : The brutal attack was captured on camera on Saturday morning by a journalist from South Africa 's Sunday Times newspaper who was in the neighbourhood to interview a number of foreign-born shopkeepers who 'd had their businesses looted overnight . Beaten : As children played in the streets and onlookers stopped to inspect the damage from the previous evening , the Mozambique-born passer-by was attacked without warning by a man carrying a metal wrench . He told Radio 702 's John Robbie : ` The one regret that I have was that the first clinic that we took him to were n't equipped to treat him . ` We did lose some valuable time taking him out of the car there , taking him into the clinic and then the nurses told us that there 's no doctor there . ` They put a gauze dressing on his wound and then we put him back in the car , but that whole process took about 10 minutes . ' Mr Sithole , who had been found bleeding to death in a gutter , was taken to hospital where he later died , the cause of death established as a direct stab wound to the heart . Mr Oatway also defended his decision to take the images , saying they reflected the ` absolute stark reality ' of the situation . Harrowing : A third attacker then entered the fray , running over and kicking Mr Sithole in the head as he pulled out a large butcher 's knife . Brave : Before the man had the chance to use the large knife , a witness intervened and the three attackers fled the scene . He said : ` It 's not easy to look at and I understand that some people might be offended by that . ` But really people have to know what 's happening , and people have to see the brutality and the vulgarity of what 's going on . ` I think that people who are angry with me for taking the pictures ... should try and direct their anger at the men that are responsible for the attack and not at me . ' Four South African men accused of stabbing Mr Sithole appeared in court yesterday accused of murder . They will remain in custody until a trial , set to be held on May 4 . Mr Oatway captured the attack while he was in the neighbourhood to interview a number of foreign-born shopkeepers who 'd had their businesses looted overnight . But as children played in the streets and onlookers stopped to inspect the damage from the previous evening , the Mozambique-born passer-by was brutally attacked without warning by a man carrying a metal wrench . As Mr Sithole sat injured in the gutter another thug saw what was going on and joined in the attack using a knife to stab him repeatedly while the first attacked continued to beat him with the wrench . Dying : Witnesses took Mr Sithole in the back of a car to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift because he feared being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . Fatally wounded : In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because the a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . During the subsequent journey to hospital , Mr Sithole 's condition deteriorated as he screamed in agony before eventually falling unconscious . A third attacker - wearing a grey hoodie - then reportedly entered the fray , running over and kicking Mr Sithole in the head as he pulled out a large butcher 's knife . Before he had the chance to use the knife a witness intervened and the three men fled the scene . It was too late for Mr Sithole , however , who managed to stumble along the road pleading for help for his fatal injuries before collapsing fatally injured in a rubbish-strewn gutter . Oatway 's images were published on the front page of South Africa 's Sunday Times under the headline : ` Kill thy neighbor : Alex attack brings home SA 's shame . ' Following the attack , fearful immigrants in South Africa revealed they had been targeted by longtime neighbors and people who warned they would assault anyone carrying a foreign passport . The immigrants spoke at a tent camp where they are now living having fled Alexandra when the mobs began attacking shops owned by those from other African countries . The violence in Alexandra township followed anti-immigrant riots in and around the coastal city of Durban that killed at least six people , recalling a bout of similar unrest in South Africa in 2008 in which about 60 people died . Four South African men suspected of killing Mozambican national Emmanuel Sithole in Alexandra township in an apparent xenophobic attack , are arraigned at the Wynberg Magistrate Court in Johannesburg .