While the countdown for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran 's impending execution has begun , many are still holding out a glimmer of hope and calling for mercy during nation-wide vigils . Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' on Monday night . Brisbane , Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo . Scroll down for video . While the countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran 's execution , many are still holding a glimmer of hope and attending nation-wide vigils . The two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on Wednesday -LRB- 3 am AEST -RRB- . 300 people gathered at the Blues Point Reserve on Sydney 's north shore donning signs and candles . ' #keephopealive ' was erected using over 15,000 flowers donated by Amnesty International supporters . The Blues Point Reserve gathering in Sydney 's north shore contained 15,000 flowers donated by Amnesty International supporters . ` Where there 's life , there 's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just ca n't do this anymore and this is why we 're all here this evening , ' she said . ` Australians have come out and spoken out in opposition to the death penalty and in solidarity with Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran as well as all the others at imminent risk of execution . ' The crowd held various signs , this one reads ` It 's not too late Indonesia ! I stand for Mercy ' ` Where there 's life , there 's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just ca n't do this anymore and this is why we 're all here this evening , ' said crisis campaigner Diana Sayed . Participants of all ages held flowers during the candlelight vigil on Sydney Harbour foreshore . ` Until that firing squad pulls the trigger there 's hope . As long as there 's breath , there 's still hope , ' Mr Sinnamon said . Candles were part of the Amnesty International vigil in Sydney 's northshore . People held paintings and banners outside of the Indonesian consulate in Maroubra , Sydney on Monday . Over 50 people gathered to call on Indonesian president , Joko Widodo to show mercy for Chan and Sukumaran . Melbourne also saw a unified vigil held outside of the Indonesian Consulate General on Queens Road in the CBD . In Brisbane , supporters gathered on Monday morning at the Cathedral of St Stephen in a last ditch plea for clemency for the duo . People also held paintings and banners outside of the Indonesian consulate in Maroubra , Sydney on Monday . Over 50 people gathered to show solidarity for the condemned duo and plea for their clemency . The protesters held up signs reading ` Mercy : Andrew & Myuran ' and ` Save Our Boys , Have a Heart ' Young children also joined the vigil and held a banner reading ` murdering humans is NOT the answer ! ' According to the Brisbane Times , Australians Against Capital Punishment spokesman Don Sinnamon said there was still a glimmer of hope . ` Until that firing squad pulls the trigger there 's hope . As long as there 's breath , there 's still hope , ' Mr Sinnamon said . This comes after it was confirmed that Australians Andrew Chan and Sukumaran will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday -LRB- 3 am AEST -RRB- . Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on Saturday , saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them . ` He 's found peace with what may happen but he and we all feel that this is a grave injustice and it did not have to be this way and it still does n't have to be this way , ' Chinthu Sukumaran told reporters , after spending a couple of hours with his brother . The duo were arrested over a heroin smuggling plot in 2005 . Members of the migrant worker community in Jakarta have also showed their support for the condemned by holding a candlelight vigil for Filipina death row prisoner , Mary Jane Veloso who is set to be executed with the Australians and five others . Members of the Indonesian migrant worker community in Jakarta have showed support for Mary Jane Veloso . During a candlelight vigil , the group gathered outside of the presidential palace on Monday . Besides the Australian 's , 6 others are set to be executed from Brazil , Indonesia , Nigeria and the Phillippines . The migrant workers held masks of Mary Jane Veloso over their faces to show their solidarity .