She may have been showcasing some serious hipster style on the streets of New York in recent weeks , but Princess Eugenie proves she can dress to impress too . The 25-year-old royal , who has been living in the US for a year now , looked glamorous as she arrived at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City on Thursday during the Tribeca Film Festival . The cousin of Princes William and Harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment . Princess Eugenie looked glamorous at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City on Thursday during the Tribeca Film Festival . Wearing her hair in its signature sleek bob , the royal fashionista accessoried her outfit with a peach clutch and matching court shoes . Princess Eugenie mingled with a host of A-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event , which was also attended by Dakota Fanning . Dakota donned a sleeveless navy velvet dress along with a pair of strappy silver heels while hitting the red carpet at the event during the Tribeca Film Festival . The War Of The Worlds actress accessorised the look with a blue leather clutch and matching navy watch . The 25-year-old , who has been living in New York for a year now , looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment and matching clutch bag and shoes . Princess Eugenie , who works in an auction house in New York , mingled with a host of A-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event . During the actual dinner , she was spotted sitting next to actress from HBO 's The Newsroom Alison Pill while enjoying the festivities together . Also in attendance was Jennifer Morrison , who wowed in white in a half-sleeved dress featuring sheer panels , which she paired with white leather heels . Kelly Brook was the yin to her yang as she donned a lacy sleeveless black mini dress along with matching patent leather heels for the occasion . The event was also attended by young starlet Dakota Fanning , left , and fledgling thespian Kelly Brook , right . Princess Eugenie has been living in New York for a year now , and , as these photos attest , she is right at home in the cosmopolitan city . At the end of last month , the young royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the UK , celebrated her 25th birthday . In the middle of a Palace function , her father , Prince Andrew , whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in Manhattan . Eugenie has been in New York for the past year , working for an online auction house . The Duke of York holds an iPad as he invites the audience at the Pitch@Palace event to sing happy birthday via FaceTime to his daughter Princess Eugenie . Princess Eugenie of York , pictured with her sister Beatrice at attend The Serpentine Gallery Summer Party last summer , proves she can cut a glamorous figure .