A bowel cancer patient told he had just 18 months to live claims he has been cured by cannabis oil . David Hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with the disease in July 2012 and underwent chemotherapy , radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel . Doctors told him the cancer was terminal - so he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for £ 50 a gram . Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January - and puts the class-B drug down to his miracle recovery . David Hibbitt , 33 , claims doctors said he had between 18 months and five years to live after being diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer . In desperation , he tried cannabis oil , which he now credits with his recovery . He is now looking forward to the future after tying the knot with his partner of six years Heather Martin , 26 , at a registry office today . Mr Hibbitt , from Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire , said : ` Friends had told me about cannabis oil and I dismissed it at first . I 've never been into drugs . ` But in February last year I was told I only had 18 months to five years to live , and I felt I had to try everything I could . ` I felt like the chemo was killing me and I had nothing to lose . I could n't accept I was going to die . ' After going online to research his options , he discovered a lot of information about cannabis oil - and decided to try it . ` I pay around £ 50 for a gram from a bloke I know who makes it , ' he said . ` That lasts me about a month usually . ` It gets your pretty high and knocks you for six , but it 's nowhere near as bad as chemotherapy . ` The pain just seemed to disappear and it seems to have done the job . ` I just want to make other people aware that there are other options out there . ' Mr Hibbitt was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer after initially being told he was suffering from piles . Mr Hibbitt , with fiance Heather , said : ` I felt like the chemo was killing me and I had nothing to lose . I could n't accept I was going to die ' After undergoing treatment at the Christie Hospital , in Manchester , the cancer returned and he had another operation in July 2013 followed by more chemotherapy . He was given the all-clear before Christmas that year , but a month later he found a lump , and was told the cancer was in the lymph nodes in his groin . Dr Kat Arney , from Cancer Research UK , said : ` We know that cannabinoids - the active chemicals found in cannabis - can have a range of different effects on cancer cells grown in the lab and animal tumours . ` But at the moment there is n't good evidence from clinical trials to prove that they can safely and effectively treat cancer in patients . ` Despite this , some cancer patients do choose to treat themselves with cannabis extracts . ` Researchers are collecting patients ' experiences to build a picture of whether these treatments are helping or not , although this is weak evidence compared to properly-run clinical trials . ` Cancer Research UK is supporting clinical trials for treating cancer with cannabinoid-based drugs in order to gather solid data on whether they benefit people with cancer . ' Mr Hibbitt , who works in advertising , added : ` This time they told me there was n't a lot they could do . ` In July , after doing a lot of research , I got some cannabis oil . I was having chemo , and I was getting to a point where I could n't really do much , I had no energy . ` In August I decided I 'd had enough and I was going to stop the chemotherapy . In October , he had an operation to remove the affected lymph nodes at the Royal Stoke University Hospital . But he chose to carry on taking cannabis oil rather than have any more treatment , deciding against further chemotherapy sessions . Following a scan in January he was given the all-clear - paving the way for him to organise his wedding . Mr Hibbitt , who has a five-year-old son , Ashton , said : ` We never thought this would happen , it 's great . Fingers crossed now I will grow old . ` I feel really good and I hope my story will help other people . ' His fiance Heather , a nursery nurse , said : ` I did n't want him to take the cannabis oil at first because it 's illegal , but I saw the change in him and slowly got used to it . ` He is a determined person and did a lot of research . He wanted to live . ` We are all amazed how well he 's done . I ca n't see my life without him . We have come through a hell of a lot . ' Describing the effects of cannabis oil , he said : ` It gets your pretty high and knocks you for six , but it 's nowhere near as bad as chemotherapy.The pain just seemed to disappear . I just want to make other people aware that there are other options out there ' Cancer Research UK says it is aware of patients using cannabis extracts to treat themselves but stressed there is ` no good evidence ' to prove it was safe and effective . The charity is supporting clinical trials into the use of the drug and a synthetic cannabinoid to treat the disease . Dr Kat Arney , from Cancer Research UK , said : ` We know that cannabinoids - the active chemicals found in cannabis - can have a range of different effects on cancer cells grown in the lab and animal tumours . ` But at the moment there is n't good evidence from clinical trials to prove that they can safely and effectively treat cancer in patients . ` Despite this , some cancer patients do choose to treat themselves with cannabis extracts . ` Researchers are collecting patients ' experiences to build a picture of whether these treatments are helping or not , although this is weak evidence compared to properly-run clinical trials . ` Cancer Research UK is supporting clinical trials for treating cancer with cannabinoid-based drugs in order to gather solid data on whether they benefit people with cancer . '