St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves proved on Sunday that hockey players truly are some of the toughest men in sports . After being checked face-first into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook , Reaves went to the bench and pulled out his own tooth . Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth , pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer . St. Louis forward Ryan Reaves -LRB- pictured -RRB- pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook . Reaves sat on the bench as he calmly pulled out the tooth . It eventually fell into his hand -LRB- pictured above -RRB- and he gave it to a team trainer . It is unknown as to what period the check occurred in or if Reaves returned to the ice , one tooth lighter . The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season . Reaves is n't the only hockey player to make headlines for being tough in the last week , however . Prior to losing his tooth on Sunday , Reaves , pictured here April 3 , appeared to have a full mouth of perfectly straight pearly whites , something that 's a bit unusual in the hockey world . Reaves and the rest of the Blues beat the Blackhawks 2-1 on Sunday , moving the team a point ahead of Nashville to the top of the Central Division standings . Red Wings left wing Drew Miller was hit in the face by Ottawa Senators forward Mark Stone 's ice skate after a face off on March 31 . the skate him him across his right cheekbone and he quickly skated off the ice to the on-scene doctor in fear that he might have lost his eye . He received between 50 and 60 stitches after the incident but the skate luckily missed his eye , according to MLive . Miller , who has the longest-running game attendance on the Red Wings team , returned to the ice for his 159th consecutive game with the team two days later on April 2 against the Boston Bruins .