Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about his daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted ` I du n no what the hell I am going through right now , but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it . ' In an emotional outburst during a concert Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life . The former husband of Whitney Houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance , his first public appearance since Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma . Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted : ` I du n no what the hell I am going through right now , but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it ' The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were ` rough times . ' However , in an odd moment during his 45-minute set , he took time out to promote his kine of BBQ sauces . Bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival in downtown Los Angeles on Saturday after months staying by his daughter Bobbi Kristina 's side . Unresponsive : On January 31 , Bobbi Kristina Brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub . She 's been in a coma ever since . The 46-year-old was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play hits like Do n't Be Cruel and On Our Own . After his drawn-out introduction Bobby , looking tired from performing dance moves , choked up as he said : ` I must tell y ' all . This feels really , really really good . ` I want to thank all of y ' all for coming out tonight to support me and my family . ` Rough times are rough times , hard times are hard times I du n no what the hell I am going through right now , but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with it . ' Panting and sounding frustrated : ' There is only one thing I ask of you all tonight and that is enjoy yourselves . ' Smiling he added : ` Do n't be cruel , come on , ' referring to one of his biggest hits the 80s . After a few other tunes , Bobby needed a break from the stage to rest while his boyband performed a number . Bobby needed a towel to wipe his face and often looked out of breath as he relived dance moves from his glory days . Later he was a little less emotional as fans cheered his performances of hits like Roni and Rock Witcha . Broke his silence : The former boy bander 's appearance was booked before Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma . It was also Brown 's first time discussing the matter in public . Had a booth : Brown told the LA crowd , ` Listen I have been doing a lot of things and been working on a lot of projects from Real Husbands Of Hollywood to my own stuff to my new album to my new Edition to Heads Of States and I have been working on my food line ; actually you all can get some food right there , in my booth ' Looking toward his stand where his Bobby Brown BBQ cooking tent was set up at the festival , he told the crowd : ` Listen I have been doing a lot of things and been working on a lot of projects from Real Husbands Of Hollywood to my own stuff , to my new album , to my new Edition to Heads Of States , and I have been working on my food line . Actually you all can get some food right there , in my booth . ' I will over there in a little bit later , if you want to buy some barb e cue sauce , seasonings , chicken and a couple of sausages . I don ' t know what my wife is cooking - whatever it , is is good . You have got to get the season ing , because the seasoning is off the chain , I must let you know . ' Bobby then asked a bandmate to talk about another brand , but fired back : ` Mine is much better , low in sodium content , low in salt for us folk if , you understand what I am saying . ` So I made this for us . ' Wiping away sweat from his face , he added : ` I ai n't done with it yet . I got marinades and all kind of s *** coming out . ' He then corrected himself : ` Excuse my French baby girl . I did n't mean to curse in front of you . And ladies too . ' He then introduced his new r & b boy band band ` who can saanng . ' ` You just listen and tell me if you like it . ' Back to work : Brown 's pregnant wife Alicia Etheredge was also at the food festival , selling Bobby Brown 's BBQ sauce . Timing : The singer and barbecue entrepreneur was committed to the event before his daughter was hospitalized . He 's also slated for a tour of Australia . Bobby 's appearance marks his first time away from Bobbi in months . He had been scheduled to make the appearance before his daughter 's accident . Bobbi remains hospitalized and in a coma after being found unconscious and face-down in a bathtub on January 31 . The Soul Food Festival is among a string of appearances Bobby is contractually obligated to fulfill / The singer is also scheduled to leave daughter Bobbi to tour in Australia . Even though he does n't want to go , the promoters are holding the distraught father to his contractual obligation , TMZ reports . Bobbi Kristina remains on life support in a long-term care center in Atlanta , Georgia , after being treated at the city 's Emory University Hospital where the ex-husband of Whitney Houston visits her regularly . Reportedly Bobby has the final say as to whether the young woman 's support system is turned off . At the Festival 90s rap act Salt 'N' Pepa had the crowd on their feet with their performance of Push It .