Two sons of an ailing bestselling true crime writer are accused of defrauding and bullying her into giving them more than $ 125,000 - despite the pair already receiving a monthly allowance of $ 25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother 's corporation . Ann Rule 's son , 54-year-old Andrew Rule , is accused of bullying her into giving him $ 23,327 , according to court documents , and admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs . Michael Rule , 51 , who receives approximately $ 9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by Rule Enterprises , LLC , is accused of forging his mother 's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $ 103,628 . Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule , and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on April 30 . Famous true crime writer Ann Rule -LRB- above -RRB- , 84 , had more than $ 100,000 allegedly stolen and defrauded from her by her two sons . Ann Rule , 84 , is known for many of her crime books , notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy . She has published 33 books and eight of those have been turned into movies including Ann Rule Presents : The Stranger Beside Me and Small Sacrifices . The Washington-based author has been in declining health since 2013 after she broke her hip , she also suffers from periods of extreme confusion and is vulnerable to undue influence , according to the Huffington Post . Court documents also said she is ` largely confined to a wheelchair ' , is unable to ` perform many activities of daily living without assistance ' and ` she is on oxygen at all times ' . Her son-in-law , Glen Scorr , alerted authorities in March after he became suspicious that she was being ` financially exploited ' by her two sons . An investigation revealed that Michael and Andrew Rule along with their two siblings , Leslie and Laura , receive an estimated $ 25,000 monthly salary combined through their mother 's corporation Rule Enterprises LLC for work they perform on her behalf , according to court documents . The four children also have their health and dental insurance covered through the corporation . Andrew Rule , who also has his rent and car insurance covered by his mother , would allegedly bully her until she would give in and write him a check , according to court documents . ` Andy would pester and bully Ann relentlessly for money , sometimes threatening suicide , sometimes trying to make her feel guilty , sometimes screaming obscenities at her , until she would finally give in and write him a check , ' the documents stated . Authorities said he would have an excuse for needing money which included when he got injured and needed money for medical expenses , repairing his car , groceries , buying a racehorse and needing clothes after getting a new job . Andrew Rule -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , the son of author Ann Rule , has been charged with theft by deception in a case of alleged financial exploitation of his mother 's money . His brother , Michael Rule , has been charged with theft and forgery . A protection order was granted against Andrew Rule on February 3 prohibiting him from having any contact with Ann Rule except for under limited circumstances , according to court documents . However , authorities said he violated it and was arrested on March 27 . While in custody , he told officers he battled with gambling and drug addictions for years , and that he used the money given to him by his mother on gambling and strip clubs . He also told officers he pressured his mother for money never intending to use it for the stated purposes , according to court documents . ` I have never in my life , as God as my witness , stolen anything whatsoever from my mom , ' Andrew Rule told KIRO-TV . ` Basically I used to have a gambling problem but I do n't anymore and I have absolutely no idea why I was pulled in at the same time my brother was , ' he continued . He has been charged with first-degree theft . Michael Rule , who reportedly receives a higher salary than his siblings because he is more involved in his mother 's day-to-day care , is accused of forging her signature on her checks , according to court documents . Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule , and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on April 30 . Ann Rule is known for many of her crime books including The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy . Ann Rule told authorities that she did not give him permission to write himself or his wife checks for funds exceeding their salary without her permission . She also confirmed the checks written with her signature was not hers and that it appears to be the signature of Michael Rule , according to documents . Authorities said that once the protection order was filed against Andrew Rule , Michael Rule ` began engaging in similar tactics of intimidation and coercion to pressure his mother to provide him funds above his monthly salary ' . ` He became increasingly insistent he needed the money to pay his mortgage and other expenses . He would yell at his mother demanding money as she cowered in her wheelchair , ' the documents stated . Ann Rule told authorities in an interview that Michael Rule would fly into rages throwing things across the room and sweeping a counter clean with his arm . A family friend , John Patrick Kelly , who was hired as a handyman by Ann Rule stated he had previously been physically assaulted by Michael Rule , according to court documents . Michael Rule has been charged with first-degree theft and forgery , and both men are out of jail on personal recognizance , according to KIRO-TV . Authorities said the fraud loss amount is expected to rise as more documents are received and reviewed , and the investigation is ongoing .