Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed are officially married . The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains . Nikki , 26 - who was previously married to singer-songwriter Paul McDonald - wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone , while Ian , 36 , donned a white suit and shirt . Scroll down for video . They do : Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder embrace in a passionate kiss as they tie the knot in romantic ceremony after nine-month whirlwind relationship on Sunday . True gent : The handsome chap carried his bride down a muddy slope to ensure her dress did n't get dirty . With her hair worn to one side and in flowing curls , she pinned her locks in place with an exquisite diamond slide as she carried an elegant floral bouquet . At one point Ian carried his bride down a muddy slope so that her dress did n't get dirty , before they shared a sweet kiss among their gathered friends and relatives . He was seen carefully picking up the train of her dress to protect it from the floor as the couple held hands - at one point , he dutifully tucked her hair behind her ear as they had their photos taken . Style sensations : Nikki looked elegant in white lace , while her man wore a cream suit with a cornflower blue tie for the occasion . Taking in the moment : One wedding photographer art directed the couple as he captured them at their most beautiful . A little assistance : The 26-year-old held onto her man as she navigated her way down a gravelly slope . Fairytale ending : Nikki kissed her man 's face as he carried her in his arms . Something to remember : The photographer captured every single moment as Ian showed off his manly prowess . Clearly enamoured with his new wife , the handsome star crouched down in the grass to snap selfies on his mobile phone as they enjoyed a moment to themselves . He was caught gazing at her as he drank in their surroundings , savouring every moment of their special day together . The former Lost actor - who previously dated his co-star Nina Dobrev - confirmed the wedding had taken place on Twitter , where he gushed about the big day . Special time : The couple are said to be ` soulmates ' and certainly seemed to be very much in love as they stepped out into the sunshine . Happiest day of her life : Nikki could barely keep the smile from her face as her man carefully tucked a piece of hair from her face . Saving the memory : The actress was pictured giggling away while a photographer captured the beautiful moment . Lingering : Ian and Nikki could n't stop kissing as he took care not to step on the train of her dress . He wrote : ` Most beautiful morning ever ... -LRB- sic -RRB- . ' Ian also revealed that he and Nikki had been working out in preparation for the special occasion after posting a picture of them both lifting weights on Instagram last week . Meanwhile , Ian 's Vampire Diaries co-star Kat Graham recently confessed that she believes the couple are true ` soul mates ' . He wants to remember it all : Every so often , the 36-year-old would take a moment to gaze at the love of his life . X marks the spot : The couple were shown the way as they navigated their way across the space . Big day : Us Weekly reported Nikki affirmed the big news while attending the Catdance Festival at Sundance on Saturday , where she said of her husband-to-be : ` He 's so beautiful inside and out ! ' Keeping close : The couple held hands as they enjoyed every second of their special day . She said previously : ` I have n't met two people that were more of soul mates than those guys . They are so absolutely amazing . Everyone loves them , and I really ca n't imagine him with anyone else . ' After a six-month courtship , Nikki 's engagement to Ian was confirmed in January - the same month her divorce from first husband Paul McDonald was finalised . Us Weekly reported Nikki affirmed the big news while attending the Catdance Festival at Sundance on Saturday , where she said of her husband-to-be : ` He 's so beautiful inside and out ! ' Top names : Lea Michele was part of the guestlist , along with her boyfriend Matthew Paetz . Joining in the festivities : Lea looked incredible in a long grey dress which had a split running up the front of the number . Milling around : The couple were pictured talking to the rest of the guests while soaking up the sun . Intimate setting : Ian and Nikki had a stage set-up with a live band at their wedding reception . What a delight : Elegant table settings were laid out in the field where guests mingled with one another . Keeping refreshed : Attendees treated themselves to a bar which was placed next to a large umbrella . Nikki , who has been dating the star since July , added : ` He 's quite possibly the most amazing man that 's ever walked the planet , it 's crazy . I 'm so lucky , I love him . ' Earlier in January , In Touch magazine claimed the hunk popped the question to the star during the holiday season . Ian had previously dated his Vampire Diaries co-star Nina Dobrev for three years before splitting in 2013 . Beautiful moment : Ian stopped for a time to crouch down in the grass to capture his bride in the Santa Monica mountains . Not leaving anything to chance : He continued to take pictures of her on his mobile phone , despite the attendance of several photographers . Is n't she lovely ? Ian surveyed his snaps as he continued to savour every moment of the couple 's big day . Spring time beauty : Nikki carried a bouquet of flowers in her hands which set the scene perfectly . Taking care : The handsome actor carefully lifted up the back of her dress for her as she made her way across the terrain . Though it seems the two ended things on great terms as they continued to play lovers as Elena and Damon on The CW show . Filming for Nina 's final episode proved friendly too as she posted Polaroids of herself with Ian online to mark the end of an era . Nikki 's divorce from ex-husband Paul McDonald was finalised in January and according to TMZ , the American Idol star got to keep their Nashville home . That was quick ! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed officially married on Sunday in California . Loved up : Nikki 's engagement to Ian was confirmed in January . Reed got three other homes and three vehicles : a Range Rover , Toyota Tundra , and Toyota Rav4 , as well as custody of their German Shepherd , Enzo . She had married Paul at a private ranch in Malibu back in October 2011 after just seven months of dating . The pair amicably ended their marriage in March 2014 , with Reed filing for divorce two months later . Nikki and McDonald still collaborate musically and have an album together , called I 'm Not Falling . ` Both Nikki and I are so proud of this album , ' Paul told Yahoo! Music . ` I feel like through the process of writing and recording the album , we both grew significantly as songwriters and collaborators . It 's been amazing watching Nikki grow as singer and discover a new confidence as an artist . ` Right now our passion for this project could n't be stronger . We 're planning on booking a tour soon . ' Former flame : Ian was previously engaged to Nina Dobrev - pictured together in 2011 . All over : Nikki was previously married to singer-songwriter Paul McDonald - pictured in 2014 - but they finalised their divorce in January .