Police have arrested and charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Queensland . A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday . The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr , near Bundaberg , on Tuesday . Scroll down for video . Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg . A 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg , Queensland , on Thursday . A Queensland Police and RSPCA taskforce , set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live baiting scandal in February , also found ammunition shells from a .22 calibre gun . The pair , both from Bundaberg , will appear in the Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Friday . RSPCA spokesman Michael Beatty says it 's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry . ` The indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . But that 's really all we know , ' Beatty told Fairfax media . The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday . At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area , near Bundaberg , on Tuesday , with the RSPCA . Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow . ` Unfortunately as I think most people would be aware , there 's always been a lot of wastage in the greyhound industry . ' Police said it was unclear how long the dogs ' bodies had been there , but confirmed they were found in various states of decomposition . There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said . Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller expressed her outrage on Twitter after the discovery . ` Absolutely sickened that @QPSmedia and @RSPCAQLD have found the remains of 55 greyhounds . Animal cruelty in Qld wo n't be tolerated , ' she wrote . ` The indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . But that 's really all we know , ' an RSPCA spokesperson told Fairfax media . There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said . The taskforce was established to investigate the use of live baiting using possums , rabbits and piglets to train competitive greyhounds . It came after an ABC Four Corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals . So far , five people have been charged with a total of 23 offences in the state . An independent review headed up by barrister Alan MacSporran SC is also being conducted into the practice . It 's expected to be completed in about three months ' time . This review aims to find out how widespread the use of live baiting is in Queensland , and how it could go undetected for so long . An ABC Four Corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals .