It is not the first advertising billboard in which a company has used the image of a svelte , bikini-clad model to sell its wares and it probably wo n't be the last . But something about this poster for Protein World diet supplements has struck a collective raw nerve . The company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign -- including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat . Scroll down for video . Protein World 's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` Are you beach body ready ? ' Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert -- which features a toned model posing with the slogan ` Are you beach body ready ? ' -- began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago . The ` body shaming ' campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans , more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest . But yesterday the company 's marketing boss claimed the firm is ` just trying to make the nation healthier ' . Richard Staveley , Protein World 's head of global marketing , added : ` It 's been a brilliant campaign for us and I do n't see us changing anything dramatically any time soon . ' Richard Staveley , Protein World 's head of global marketing revealed that the company has received bomb threats in the wake of the campaign but said it had been ` brilliant ' and that he did n't see the company changing . On ITV 's Good Morning Britain yesterday , presenter Susanna Reid , 44 , admitted that , like many women , she finds the advert ` a little bit anxiety-inducing ' On ITV 's Good Morning Britain yesterday , presenter Susanna Reid , 44 , admitted that , like many women , she finds the advert ` a little bit anxiety-inducing ' . And the Advertising Standards Authority confirmed it had received 277 complaints , with many commenting that ` the advert is offensive , irresponsible and harmful because it promotes an unhealthy body image ' . Posters have been vandalised with feminist messages such as ` Your body is not a commodity ' . Photographs of the amended signs have gone viral online . Despite the controversy , earlier in the week the company announced on Twitter it had made sales of £ 1 million and attracted 20,000 new customers in just four days following the advert 's release . Protein World has taken a strong stance on social media during the furore and has posted blunt replies to complaints on Twitter , including ` why make your insecurities our problem ' and ` grow up ' . The company 's CEO and founder , Arjun Seth , has even branded the people defacing his adverts ` terrorists ' , ` irrational and extremist ' . But the poster has struck a collective raw nerve with many of the billboards being vandalised with people writing messages reinforcing that every ` body ' of any shape , size and age is ready for the beach - such as #eachbodysready . Pictured of the defaced posters have appeared on Facebook , such as this which someone had covered with a note which reads : ' 1 You 're body is fine just as it is . 2 Whatever it looks like your body is not a commodity #Everybody 's ready #Everyday sexism ' Speaking on Good Morning Britain , Mr Staveley said his company had received a series of threats , including one to bomb its head office . He said : ` First , we 've been inundated , as you 've probably seen from our Twitter feed and Facebook , of people defacing adverts , ripping them down and climbing over rail tracks to graffiti them . ` That 's criminal behaviour . I think that 's quite extreme behaviour . ` We 've actually had threats on our head office , physical , violent threats . We had a bomb threat . ' More than 52,300 people have signed a petition demanding the adverts are removed . Demonstrators plan to congregate at London 's Hyde Park on Saturday for a protest dubbed ` Taking back the beach ' . On a Facebook page calling on people to attend the demonstration , a post reads : ` The idea that your body should be hidden away if it does n't meet these bizarrely specific requirements ... I 'm over it . ' The company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign -- including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat . More than 50,000 people have already signed a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest . When Miss Reid asked Mr Staveley about claims the posters make women feel anxious , he replied : ` We 're advertising our weight-loss collection . That 's what millions of people are aspiring to do in time for their summer holiday -- to lose a bit of weight , feel a bit healthier and get fitter . It 's not a new concept . ' He confirmed the model in the picture , Australian Renee Somerfield , 23 , had achieved her enviable physique using Protein World products , and denied the image had been retouched or altered . A spokesman for Transport for London said the adverts will be taken down from today -- not because of the controversy , but because they have ` come to the end of their natural three-week advertising lifespan ' . Sioned Quirke , a specialist dietitian based in South Wales , said : ` Some people do find that increasing their protein intake can aid weight loss . ` But generally , taking a supplement or diet pill will not do all the work for you . ` Also , these kinds of products are not regulated or monitored , so you can never be 100 per cent sure what is actually in them . ' Online fitness store Protein World , who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved Tweeters .