Jordan Sharifi , 17 , confessed to giving a gun to friend Raymond Howell , who killed himself . A teenager who allegedly gave his best friend a gun for protection from bullies has been arrested after the boy used the weapon to kill himself . Jordan Sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney , Texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell , Jr. . On Thursday , Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Sharifi discovered Raymond 's body in a rain culvert after the boy 's mother called to ask him if he 'd seen her son , according to an affidavit , the Dallas Morning News reported . When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch , he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name , he told police . But when Raymond failed to respond , Sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his face , and found no pulse , he said . At that point , he noticed the weapon beneath Raymond 's body and threw it into a nearby drainage tunnel . Sharifi led police to the scene and they initially thought Raymond had been murdered because they did not find a weapon , the affidavit states . Speaking to police , Sharifi initially denied seeing a weapon but later admitted that he had given the boy the gun and had tried to hide it when he found it beneath his body . Loss : The body of Raymond Howell , Jr. , pictured , was found early on Thursday morning a few miles from his school . Sharifi found his friend 's body after Raymond 's mother told him the boy was missing . Friends : The boys , who became friends after Sharifi moved next door , are pictured together with a friend . On social media , he also indicated that his friend had left him a note before taking his life . The two teenagers became friends after Sharifi moved in with one of Raymond 's neighbors . ` No one understands how hard it is to lose someone so close to them , and to have found them before anyone else knew , ' Sharifi wrote on Instagram last week . ` But I knew that you wanted me to find you and me to tell your mom and no one else , I will always cherish the letter that you wrote to me , and left for me to find , I love you so much man . ' Sharifi , who once attended McKinney Boyd High School with Howell but is no longer enrolled there , allegedly confessed to police that he 'd stolen the gun from the family he was staying with . He says he gave Howell the gun to protect himself after he 'd gotten into some fights recently . Sharifi was charged with fabricating or tampering with evidence , theft of a firearm and making a firearm accessible to a child . His bond has been set at $ 300,000 . Confessed : Police say Sharifi , pictured left , led them to Howell 's body before confessing he stole a gun from a family he was staying with and gave it , along with several rounds of ammunition , to Howell . Discovery : Sharifi says he found Howell 's body after he got a call from Howell 's mom asking him if he 'd seen her son . On social media , he also indicated that the boy had left him a note before taking his life . Howell 's devastated parents released a statement on Monday . ` We want to thank our friends , family and the public for the outpouring of support that we have received regarding the loss of our son and brother , Raymond `` Junior '' Howell . ` Even at the tender age of 14 , Raymond lived a life of love , strong values and integrity that some people never fully experience ... ` Our hope is that it one day allows for a truly meaningful conversation ... and more importantly real change for the way we treat others in our schools and throughout our communities . ' Friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager , but said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students , CBS reported last week . ` There were people who did n't like him , but it 's life - there 's always someone that wo n't like you , ' family friend Aleena Rogers , 16 , told the Dallas Morning News . ` But those were very few and far between for him . He was loved by most everyone . ' Tragedy : Howell was discovered dead near this rain culvert just a few miles from his high school . School : He was a freshman at McKinney Boyd High but had reportedly asked for a transfer because he was being bullied . The school district said on Monday it has found no evidence he had reported the bullying . She said he was always helping other people and called him ` an amazing guy with a huge heart ' . But the high school said it had not found any evidence that the teenager or his parents had contacted administrators with concerns that he was the victim of bullying . The district 's anti-bullying policy forbids name-calling , threats , taunting , teasing and assault , the Morning News reported . It also asks students to report bullying to school or district employees . ` The natural inclination is to find blame in these situations , ' spokesman Cody Cunningham said on Monday . ` But as of today , we still have not found any reports from the family , from other peers , from teachers , of any potential bullying . ' District officials continue to investigate . • For confidential help , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .