It 's Hot or Not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside . Italians embrace the Cricket World Cup -LRB- yes , really -RRB- , a Neville takes charge of England and it 's not looking good for the Rickies . HOT . CRICKET WORLD CUP . A spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we could n't have imagined , last weekend 's Gazzetta dello Sport magazine in Italy even carried a centre spread photograph of Australia 's David Warner . Imagine how good the whole thing would have been had England been playing . From Melbourne to Milan ... they all knew about Australia 's triumph in the Cricket World Cup . COLIN GRAVES . Much disdain from the establishment for the new ECB chief 's talk of four-day Test matches but at least he 's thinking . If the long format of the game is n't quite dying then it 's certainly withering . The future of Test cricket could be in line for a change now Colin Graves is the new ECB chief . TRACEY NEVILLE . It 's tough to dedicate a life to sport when you know that the world is n't really watching but Neville 's appointment as England netball coach follows an 81-cap international career , five years of domestic coaching and the establishment of an academy . The Nevilles , still busy . Tracey Neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport and is now in charge of England . KEVIN SINFIELD . The Leeds Rhinos half-back has all his dental work done without anaesthetic ` because it 's quicker ' but he may find his late career switch from League to Union a rather more taxing challenge . Many -- on both sides of the divide -- will hope he fails but the chances are that he wo n't . It 's all change for Kevin Sinfield as he switches codes from League to Union . NOT . ROBERTO MANCINI . His Inter team sit ninth in that forgotten small-time squabble that is Serie A and the Italian press have called for Mancini to destroy his squad and rebuild it . ` Yaya Toure will be the first piece in the new Inter Frankenstein ' , predicted Gazetta . The monster will need cake , though . This better be good , Roberto ! Mancini 's Inter Milan are way off the pace in Serie A . RICKIE LAMBERT . Liverpool have injury problems up front but a certainty is that Lambert will not play at Arsenal . Lambert 's move to his boyhood club has ruined him and if Brendan Rodgers had no intention of devising a Plan B at Anfield , why on earth did he buy him ? This goal against Aston Villa was one of only three Rickie Lambert has scored for Liverpool this season . Lambert celebrates after scoring during Liverpool 's victory at Villa Park in January . PHIL JONES . Further evidence that moving to a big club does n't always work , Jones needs to improve quickly at Manchester United . It would , however , help if Louis van Gaal could become the first Old Trafford manager of three to decide where exactly he wishes to play him . Phil Jones -LRB- left -RRB- was on England duty this week but it 's back to the day job with Manchester United . BUTCH HARMON . The esteemed US coach wants client Rickie Fowler to become ` nasty ' in order to break his major duck at the US Masters this week , which is odd given that his most successful current student -- Phil Mickleson -- has won three Green Jackets by being exactly the opposite . Rickie Fowler will bid to break his major duck next week but is it really time to turn into Mr Nasty ?