These extraordinary pictures show more than 1,700 Chinese students taking an exam in their high school 's playground - because they could not all fit inside . The freshmen students from Yichuan , Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open . The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity , the People 's Daily Online reported . The paper reported that the Grade One students at Yichuan Senior High School suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves . The students thought of everything and in order to avoid being dazzled by the sunshine , which may have caused them to feel dizzy , a regular radio announcement ordered pupils to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time . The newspaper reported that many of the students believe sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed . Some of the students also suggested it could help to prevent cheating . ` Grade One students suggested they organise the exam in such a way , ' said one unnamed teacher . ` We felt it was a great idea , the weather also allowed it , so we approved the proposal . ' More than 1,700 Chinese students -LRB- pictured -RRB- took the exam in a playground at a high school in Yichuan , Shaanxi province on Saturday . In order to avoid being dazzled by the sun a regular radio announcement ordered students to turn their chairs and desks from time to time . The students at Yichuan Senior High School suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves as there was n't enough room inside . Many of the students said sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed . The school said that sitting the exam outside could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity as they set up the exam themselves .