Accused : Officer Aaron Stringer , from Bakersfield , California , allegedly pulled on the toes and ` tickled ' the feet of a man whom police had recently killed . A police officer who allegedly ` loves playing with dead bodies ' has been accused of ` tickling ' the feet and yanking on the head and toes of a dead man who had been recently shot killed by cops . Aaron Stringer , of the Bakersfield , California , Police Department , reportedly said ` tickle tickle ' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of Ramiro James Villegas , a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day . A trainee police officer who was with him at the time told how Stringer then pulled on the corpse 's toes , and pulled his head back and forth while discussing rigor mortis after the shooting on November 13 . According to the Bakersfield Californian , he then said that he ` loves playing with dead bodies ' and later told her to lie about what she 'd seen . Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in November . Villegas was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a high-speed chase , ABC23 reported . Officers say they gunned him down after he got out of the car and reached for his waistband , raising fears that he had a gun . It later became clear that he was n't armed . Stringer , who filed a police report about the day 's activities , mentioned interviewing witnesses alongside trainee Lindy DeGeare , who eventually blew the whistle on the alleged corpse manipulation . Shot dead : Ramiro James Villegas , 22 , had been shot dead on November 13 by Bakersfield Police after a car chase . Stringer allegedly ` played ' with his body as it lay under a bloodied sheet . Let in : Stringer was allowed to see the body by a nurse at the Kern Medical Center , above . She said Stringer volunteered them to head to the Kern Medical Center in Bakersfield to help identify the body . It was there that a nurse gave them the passcode to the morgue where Villegas was being held . She said that when Stringer suggested she take a look at the body , she presumed it was part of legitimate training . Under California law , police officers are allowed to look at dead bodies to assess wounds , but are not supposed to handle them . According to the Bakersfield California , local prosecutors considered charging Stringer but dropped the case due to insufficient evidence . He is currently being investigated internally by the police department . A lawyer for the Villegas family said they are also ` very close ' to filing a suit of their own . Shooting : Above shows local news footage of the scene where Villegas was shot . He had just crashed his car after a chase .