Atletico Madrid 's Vicente Calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the Champions League for 663 minutes . Last season the now Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is Jan Oblak . Sportsmail looks at the 22-year-old who has made Atletico fans forget about Courtois ... and David De Gea . No one knew too much about him last season outside of Portugal and Slovenia so was it a gamble ? You only have to look at his price tag to see how highly-rated he was . He cost € 16million -LRB- £ 11.5 m -RRB- and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper . The 22-year-old was already Slovenia 's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer . With experienced goalkeepers such as Petr Cech and Pepe Reina potentially available , going for a young relatively untried keeper looked a gamble but he already looks to have been money well spent . Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes . Oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from Real Madrid 's James Rodriguez in the second half . A success right from the start of the season ? No . Simeone likes to ease in new signings especially when they are young and 31-year-old Miguel Moya was signed from Getafe in the close season as back-up . But the back-up became first choice because Oblak had a right hip injury in pre-season and was n't 100 per cent when the campaign started . Moya played in the league with Oblak coming in for Champions League games but in his first match in Europe he conceded three goals from three shots . He has recovered brilliantly and now the clamour is for him to start all matches . Cristiano Ronaldo is thwarted in his attempt to open the scoring against rivals Atletico Madrid . He has convinced everyone in Madrid ? Simeone 's number two Mono Burgos is a big fan . The Argentine is a former Atletico keeper and although he does n't train the goalkeepers he is convinced Atletico have found someone who can keep goal for them for years to come . Pablo Vercellone who is the club 's keeping coach is just as excited and even Iker Casillas is a fan . The Real Madrid keeper said after Tuesday 's game : ` He was fantastic in the first 45 minutes . We deserved more reward from all the chances we had but we did n't get it because he played so well . ' Oblak put in an impressive performance for Atletico against their great rivals Madrid on Tuesday . And it really was a very special first half . Atletico have not allowed a team to get six shots on target in one half of football all season but he stopped them all . He also made two more stops in the second half when most of the football was being played at the other end and he had to stay awake . Has he fitted into the dressing room ? He speaks some English , some Portuguese , and some Spanish so he can make himself understood without problems . Still only 22 and living his first year in Spain he is predictably introverted but has a strong enough personality to impose himself on his defence . Oblak stops Bale 's attempt on goal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday . Other strengths ? We saw the shot stopping on Wednesday but his distribution is also a weapon for Atletico . They were camped in their own half in the first 45 minutes against Real unable to get their passing going . Oblak 's long -- and importantly accurate -- throws and kicks forward to Mario Mandzukic were an important release . How good can he become ? So good he 'll be sold ? Atletico have already lost two brilliant keepers in De Gea who they could only keep for one season and Courtois who they were not able to take from Chelsea . They will not want to lost Oblak and with foreign investment from the Wanda group in China the club does not have to sell it 's best players -- he 's at Atletico for good . Atletico lost two brilliant keepers in De Gea and Courtois but the future looks bright with Oblak .