Chelsea welcome Manchester United on Saturday tea-time with the stakes sky-high for the Premier League rivals . For Jose Mourinho 's men it is about seeing home a title bid which , in recent matches , has had to rely on one or two last-gasp interventions . Louis van Gaal 's United , meanwhile , have hit top gear and it appears that all roads lead to the Champions League . Here , Sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of this weekend 's big match ... Premier League leaders Chelsea host a resurgent Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday . Blues veteran Didier Drogba celebrates after handing Chelsea the lead at Old Trafford in their previous clash . Robin van Persie rescued a draw with an injury time equaliser in the game in October 2014 . Will Angel di Maria get a look in ? United have won four on the spin in which Di Maria has not started . The last time he did , United were beaten by Arsenal in the FA Cup and Di Maria was sent off . Indeed , the £ 60m winger has scored just once since October -- and that against League One Yeovil who have since been relegated . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it - and that means Di Maria is almost certain to miss out again this weekend . Angel di Maria is likely to start another game on the bench after losing his first team place . The Argentina international 's form has slumped since making a bright start to his Premier League career . Sports analysts BSports predict that a Chelsea win is easily the most likely outcome at Stamford Bridge . Will Juan Mata make Chelsea pay ? Keeping Di Maria out of the side is Mata , and deservedly so . His match-winning brace at Liverpool was a real watershed moment for Van Gaal and this United vintage . Sold by Chelsea for £ 37.1 m last January , their judgement looked shrewd as he struggled to impact under David Moyes . But Van Gaal is getting the best from the cunning Spaniard and he will need little motivating ahead of the reunion with Jose Mourinho , the man who deemed him not good enough for Stamford Bridge . Juan Mata has been an integral part of United 's rise since scoring a sensational brace against Liverpool . The Spain international could return to haunt his former club after being pushed out at Stamford Bridge -LRB- left -RRB- . Will a United victory blow open the title race ? Yes . It would leave Chelsea seven points clear of Arsenal -- having both played 32 - with a trip to the Emirates on the horizon . And , with the Gunners showing no sign of letting up , were the Blues to lose that London derby then it would make for a nervy final few rounds of the campaign , especially as Chelsea still have to face in-form Crystal Palace and Liverpool , as well as a tricky trip to resurgent Leicester . But perhaps United -- who would be five points behind having played a game more were they to win -- represent the biggest danger to Chelsea 's crown . Chelsea will be hoping to open up a greater gap before they head to the Emirates for a clash with Arsenal . Will the Colombians again be spectators ? Colombian comrades Radamel Falcao and Juan Cuadrado have found themselves warming the bench for the large part and they 'll be able to catch up on the touchline again on Saturday night . Cuadrado -- Chelsea 's £ 23m January signing -- has managed just three hours of top-flight football and has failed to score or create a goal in that time . Loanee Falcao , meanwhile , will be ditched at the end of the season after a return of just four goals . Not all Colombians are as good as Tino Asprillia it would appear ... Radamel Falcao 's -LRB- right -RRB- role at Manchester United has been reduced to that of substitute . Both Colombians have failed to live up to expectations following big money deals to sign them . Will Jose meet his match in Louis ? Mourinho has long since ruled the roost in the Premier League , rival after rival lining up to lay praise at the feet of the Special One . Do n't expect Van Gaal to extol the virtues of his opposite number , however . There 's only one Special One is Louis 's world . He is fast going about proving as much at Old Trafford and victory for Van Gaal in west London would not rest easy with the proud Portuguese . Louis van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- and Jose Mourinho will see two of the biggest egos in football collide on Saturday . Mourinho and Van Gaal embrace after their first meeting in October , will there be smiles again ? Will Wayne Rooney remind Chelsea what they missed out on in 2013 ? It was during the summer of 2013 that Mourinho attempted to lure United 's star to Stamford Bridge -- and boy did he come close . Had he achieved as much then Chelsea would have been defending their title this season rather than trying to reclaim it . Rooney remains a class act , as 21 goals for club and country this term bear testimony to . Mourinho holds United 's skipper in the highest regard and must still regret not seeing home a transfer which had looked very much on the cards . Wayne Rooney came close to signing for Chelsea in 2013 before being convinced to stay by David Moyes . The England captain has been the inspiration behind United 's six-game winning run . Will Cesc Fabregas remind United what they missed out on in 2014 ? It was a no-brainer , was n't it ? With Fabregas desperate for a return to England and United in desperate need of guile in the middle of the park , surely they would pull out all of the stops to bring Fabregas to Old Trafford ? Instead , he went to Chelsea and has been inspirational as the Blues have eased to within touching distance of the title . His goals return -- three in the league -- has been poor , but there is no under-estimating is worth to the team in terms of craft and graft . Fabregas and Michael Carrick would have made some pairing . Cesc Fabregas has been clocking up the assists at Chelsea after being snubbed by United last summer . The Spaniard would have formed a formidable midfield partnership with Michael Carrick at Old Trafford . Can Chelsea cope without Diego Costa ? The Spaniard 's form had stuttered before his injury , with just three goals in 10 . But his presence is perhaps the key reason behind Chelsea 's title charge this season . It is no coincidence that it was n't until the 88th minute that they registered an effort on target at QPR last weekend . Didier Drogba is far from the force he once was and United 's defence will be grateful that Costa is not in opposition . Diego Costa is escorted off the field against Stoke and has been ruled out of the match on Saturday . The Spain international was on fire at the start of the season but has tailed off in recent months . Who will come out on top in the PFA Player of the Year nominees -- Eden Hazard or David de Gea ? Hazard , it seems , is a shoo-in for the prestigious prize , and with good reason . But De Gea could well be joining him on the podium given his improvement this season . Eden Hazard -LRB- right -RRB- has arguably been the Blues most influential player in the title chase . Hazard is competing with United No 1 David de Gea for the PFA Player of the Year award . The United custodian has kept 13 clean sheets and , having matured into the goalkeeper Sir Alex Ferguson always thought he would do , it is little surprise Real Madrid are courting Spain 's No. 1 . Were Chelsea to get a penalty -- pitching Hazard against De Gea -- it would certainly prove a fascinating duel . Finally , are Chelsea as good as champions if they win ? Yes . Ten points clear with six to play would mean they could afford to lose half of those games and still be crowned champions . Perhaps that is why the neutral will be in the red corner this weekend .