Ed Miliband was accused of ` offensive ' behaviour ` touching on racism ' by a Sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship . The Labour leader visited the Gurdwara -- a Sikh temple -- during a campaign tour of the Midlands on Wednesday . But his team banned national media journalists from the event -- despite the fact that Gurdwaras are traditionally open to all . Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the Labour leader , who had donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs . Scroll down for video . Behind closed doors : Ed Miliband , donning a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs , in secret footage from the Gurdwara . During the visit , Mr Miliband would answer only a small number of questions from the Sikh press . But even one of the Sikh journalists was allegedly asked to leave Labour 's battlebus after straying from a list of agreed questions . Davinder Singh , an adviser to the Sikh Federation who attended the visit , said the attitude of the Labour leader 's team went against the ethos of his faith . He said the decision to shut people out of the temple contradicted the tradition that the doors to a Gurdwara are always open to all . And he suspected the Labour leader did not want to be widely pictured in a head-covering in case the pictures were embarrassing -- something he said was ` offensive , even touching on racism ' . He told the Daily Mail : ` The whole thing was very carefully stage managed . They said there will be no cameras whatsoever , they were telling people not to even use their phones to take any pictures inside -- that is unheard of inside a Gurdwara . Some of the party officials were downright rude . ` My children , who are three and six , were ushered out of the way . The whole thing did not feel right . ` It was a missed opportunity on his part and it left some people feeling offended . You do n't do that in a Gurdwara -- usher people around . ' The incident will increase concern about the ` controlling ' nature of Labour 's election campaign , in which the Press and members of the public are kept at arm 's length from the party leader -- a criticism also levelled at the Tories . Public visit : David Cameron at the Golden Temple in Amritsar . Mr Singh said he suspected Mr Miliband was trying to ingratiate himself with the Sikh community but was ` worried about the reaction of non-Sikhs ' if he was seen in the headgear at the Leamington and Warwick Gurdwara . ` There 's a feeling that they wanted publicity within the Sikh community , ' he added . ` They wanted people to know he had ticked the box of visiting a Gurdwara -- but that he did n't want the publicity to go any wider . ' Mr Singh , whose organisation is urging politicians to sign up to a ten-point Sikh Manifesto , said it was disappointing that Mr Miliband had refused to pose for pictures or make a public statement about Labour 's stance on Sikh issues . He added : ` Labour told the media it was a private visit , but that 's nonsense . Was he going there for prayers ? Of course not -- it was part of the campaign . ' Labour dismissed the criticism and said journalists were barred out of respect to worshippers . But it is thought that campaign chiefs are determined to prevent Mr Miliband creating an embarrassing photo opportunity in the run-up to the General Election . He has endured a string of such photo opportunities in the past , including excruciating pictures of him trying to eat a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail last year . Labour campaign bosses are determined to prevent similar gaffes and are exerting tight control on access to the leader . Sky News broadcast footage on Wednesday evening showing the doors of the Gurdwara being closed after Mr Miliband entered . Only an official Labour Party photographer was allowed inside , and pictures were not released to the national media . The only images of him inside came from shaky mobile phone footage smuggled out by a worshipper . It showed that once inside , Mr Miliband took off his shoes and donned a red head-covering known as a ramal . He was also presented with a traditional orange scarf , or siropa , which is given as a mark of respect to dignitaries . Broadcasters requested access to the event but were refused . But Mr Miliband held a brief Press briefing for three journalists from the Sikh media on Labour 's battlebus . They were told they could each ask one question , which was agreed in advance . But a witness said one was asked to leave after departing from the agreed question . He was eventually allowed to stay and ask if the party would back an independent inquiry into the 1984 massacre at the Golden Temple in Amritsar . A journalist from the Sikh media asked Mr Miliband if his party would back an independent inquiry into the 1984 massacre at the Golden Temple in Amritsar -LRB- file picture used -RRB- . Shalbinder Singh Malle , secretary of the Leamington and Warwick Gurdwara , which co-operated with Labour over the visit , insisted worshippers were not offended by the event . He added : ` It went smoothly and we felt it was a success . ` We were told not to take pictures and one or two people may have been disappointed but I would n't say anyone was upset or offended by it . No one complained . ' The row risks provoking cynicism about Mr Miliband 's motives . Electoral experts believe Britain 's 500,000 Sikhs could play a key role at next month 's election . A Labour spokesman said : ` It is ridiculous and untrue to say that Ed Miliband did not want to be pictured at the Gurdwara . ` The visit was widely covered by the national and Sikh press and many worshippers took pictures inside with Ed Miliband . ` To respect worshippers in the prayer hall , Ed Miliband gave press interviews , including with the Sikh Federation , outside the temple . ' But Mr Singh said the visit contrasted with a visit by David Cameron in February to the Gurdwara , adding : ` People who were there said it was very different . He was more relaxed and people could come and go , which is strange because you 'd think the Prime Minister would have much tighter security . ' Mr Cameron also visited the Golden Temple in Amritsar in 2013 .