The U.S. Navy has sent a nuclear aircraft carrier and a guided-missile cruiser to the waters near Yemen to help beef up security and join other American ships that are prepared to block Iranian shipments . The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen . The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen . The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that about eight Iranian ships are heading toward Yemen and possibly carrying arms . The USS Theodore Roosevelt , a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier -LRB- background -RRB- , was dispatched to the Gulf of Aden to blockade an Iranian flotilla carrying arms . The carrier is pictured here with the USS Vicksburg cruiser - similar to the USS Normandy which was also sent to the Gulf of Aden . The guided missile cruiser USS Normandy is pictured here . The cruiser is escorting the Roosevelt to the Gulf of Aden . Navy officials said there are about nine U.S. warships in the region , including cruisers and destroyers carrying teams that can board and search other vessels . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the ship movement on the record . But speaking to Reuters on Monday , a Pentagon spokesman denied the ships were on a mission to intercept Iranian arms shipments . One U.S. official said the presence of the U.S. warships off Yemen give American decision-makers options for action in the event the situation deteriorates . The other U.S. warships in the region include two destroyers , two mine-sweepers and three amphibious ships carrying 2,200 U.S. Marines . The Shi'ite Muslim Houthi are battling government-backed fighters in an effort to take control of the country . The Houthi fighters sidelined the central government after seizing the capital Sana'a in September and expanding across Yemen , which borders oil giant Saudi Arabia . Closing in : The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday -LRB- seen on the map -RRB- and are heading through the Arabian Sea towards Yemen , according to reports . The U.S. has been providing logistical and intelligence support to a Saudi Arabia-led coalition , which has been launching airstrikes against the Houthis . That air campaign is now in its fourth week . The U.S. Navy generally conducts consensual boardings of ships when needed , including to combat piracy around Africa and the region . So far , however , U.S. naval personnel have not boarded any Iranian vessels since the Yemen conflict began . White House spokesman Josh Earnest would not comment specifically on any Navy movements in Yemeni waters , but said the U.S. has concerns about Iran 's ` continued support for the Houthis ' . ` We have seen evidence that the Iranians are supplying weapons and other armed support to the Houthis in Yemen , ' he said . ` That support will only contribute to greater violence in that country . ` These are exactly the kind of destabilizing activities that we have in mind when we raise concerns about Iran 's destabilizing activities in the Middle East . ' He said ` the Iranians are acutely aware of our concerns for their continued support of the Houthis by sending them large shipments of weapons ' .