A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ` incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down , an air crash report has found . The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau -LRB- ATSB -RRB- released its report on Wednesday into the ` wheels up landing ' on December 12 , 2014 at Jabiru Airport , southeast of Darwin . The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft , registered VH-TBE , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . The pilot also reported that the children on board were ` excited and a little disruptive ' during the flight . Despite this , the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new to the C-310 ' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment . A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ` incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down , an air crash report has found . The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft , registered VH-TBE , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . ` The pilot of a Cessna 310 aircraft was completing a charter flight from Oenpelli to Jabiru , Northern Territory , ' the ATSB report read . ` During the short flight , one of the passengers coughed incessantly through the headset which distracted the pilot . Once he had the aircraft stable he reached over and unplugged the headset . ' The pilot was further told the ATSB that the three children on board were ` excited and a little disruptive , and he had kept a close watch on their activities ' . He then reported to have commenced his pre-landing checks and verbalised ` undercarriage down ' , but made a decision to ` leave this particular action until later on final approach ' . The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau -LRB- ATSB -RRB- released its report on Wednesday into the ` wheels up landing ' on December 12 , 2014 at Jabiru Airport , southeast of Darwin . When he became aware of that the undercarriage remained retracted when the aircraft touched down , he landed the plane on the runway centreline and heard the propellers contacting the ground . He then steered the aircraft slightly to the left of the runway as he was mindful of another aircraft in the circuit behind him . ` This incident highlights the impact a combination of distractions can have on aircraft operations , ' the ATSB report concluded . However the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new to the C-310 ' . ` In hindsight , he felt it would have been beneficial to have been familiarised with all the annunciators on TBE prior to flying the aircraft , ' the report read . There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was ` substantially damaged ' . A spokesman for the ATSB was unable to reveal the name of the pilot and the company involved . ` While details of the pilot and charter company are not secret it is not the remit of the ATSB to divulge that information , ' the spokesman told Daily Mail Australia .