Under pressure Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola has revealed that ` only the treble is enough ' for his team as they attempt to overturn their 3-1 deficit against Porto in the Champions League . Bayern host the Portuguese side on Tuesday and Guardiola is confident the Bundesliga leaders will emerge victorious . ` I am completely convinced that my players will take their chances , ' Guardiola said . ` I know which club I am at and know that -LRB- league -RRB- champions and cup winners is not enough . Only the treble is enough . ' Pep Guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with Bayern Munich this season . Guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead atop the Bundesliga and are in the German Cup semi-final . Bayern striker Robert Lewandowski pictured in training ahead of taking on Porto . Bayern 's Dante -LRB- left -RRB- controls the ball in training as the club prepare for their Champions League clash . Guardiola reacts after his side lost 3-1 away at Porto in the first leg of their Champions League encounter . Philipp Lahm will look to lead his team into the semi-final of the Champions League on Tuesday . Bayern remain on course for three trophies , leading the Bundesliga by 12 points and will meet Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup semi-final . The Bavarians won the treble under then coach Jupp Heynckes in 2013 , just before Guardiola took over . The current Bayern boss also won the treble with Barcelona in 2009 , when they became the first Spanish club to win the domestic league and cup as well as the Champions League in the same season . Ahead of the visit of Porto , Guardiola said on Monday that France winger Franck Ribery is highly unlikely to recover from an ankle injury in time to feature for Bayern . Ribery has been out for more than a month and Guardiola said it was more likely the player would miss the second leg of the quarter-final in Munich as the Germans look to recover from a stunning 3-1 defeat in Portugal last week . ` I do not think that Franck can play , ' Guardiola told reporters . ` I will speak with the our doctor but my feeling is that he ca n't make it . ' Guardiola 's hopes of turning the tie around have been hampered by a string of injury absences , including to key players Arjen Robben , David Alaba , Javi Martinez and Medhi Benatia . Bastian Schweinsteiger is also fighting to get fit in time for the game and Guardiola said the Germany captain would train with the team late on Monday for the first time . ` I do not know who will play or who can play . In the past months , I always decided on my lineup an hour before the game . ' Franck Ribery -LRB- right -RRB- is set to miss Bayern 's home game against Porto because of an ankle injury . Bastian Schweinsteiger -LRB- left -RRB- trained with Bayern on Monday in a bid to prove fitness for Porto . Xabi Alonso -LRB- left -RRB- gestures during Bayern 's training session on Monday . Guardiola insisted he is confident his team will overturn the scoreline against Porto on Tuesday . ` Bastian Schweinsteiger will today train again for the first time and the more players I have the better , ' Guardiola added . The Spaniard , who wore a T-shirt made by the family of an Argentine journalist killed in a car crash at last year 's World Cup , said his team would try everything to overturn the first leg deficit despite the injury problems . ` It makes no sense to be on the pitch if you do n't want to turn it around . We want to turn it around , ' he said .