Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea within the modern confines of UEFA 's Financial Fair Play rules . United , as one of the biggest earners in world football , have the financial scope to fund a massive squad , while Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books . Jose Mourinho claims it 's ` hard but more fun ' being Chelsea manager in new fair play era . Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea . ` Yes , it 's easier , ' said Mourinho . ` It was easier before at Chelsea , but it 's more fun like this . More difficult of course . We sold a lot of players , not just Juan . ' United boss Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick , Phil Jones , Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the Barclays Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge today . But Mourinho said : ` Their squad is amazing in terms of numbers , players , experience , solutions . ` I have on the big screen in my office , not the team I 'm going to play against but the squad and all the options . ` This week , when I arrived in the room , for the first time , I realised what they have . I 'm not saying it 's the best squad . It 's a very good squad . I went to QPR with Didier Drogba and no strikers on the bench and , for a long time we were in trouble . You have to cope . ' Masked man Cesc Fabregas prepares for the visit of Manchester United on Saturday night . Filipe Luis chases Eden Hazard to try and retrieve the ball in Friday 's training session . Winger Juan Cuadrado challenges Filipe Luis for the ball during a practice match at Cobham . Mourinho joked the fair play match delegates which have ruled his players are the worst behaved in the Premier League are too busy eating to watch the match and that next season 's Stamford Bridge catering will be downgraded to ` bread and water ' . The Premier League leaders , who play Manchester United on Saturday , have been criticised for hounding match officials this season and official figures report the Blues to be serial offenders . ` It depends on the food and the drinks , ' Mourinho said . ` We have to change the catering because many , many times I think they do n't see the games . Really . Mourinho -LRB- left -RRB- and Van Gaal go head-to-head when Chelsea host Manchester United on Saturday . Mourinho -LRB- left -RRB- worked under Louis van Gaal as his assistant manager at Barcelona for three years in 1997 . ` We have the best catering and the best drink . I think they stay eating and drinking . ' Mourinho was fined by the Football Association after complaining of a ` clear campaign ' against Chelsea in December and has had reason for his discontent to heighten this season . Nemanja Matic was sent off against Burnley following his reaction to an Ashley Barnes challenge and subsequently banned - rather than reprieved - and Mourinho suggested the match delegate was enjoying Chelsea 's hospitality . Marcos Rojo -LRB- right -RRB- is one of four United players who will miss their league trip to Chelsea due to injury . The Red Devils have in-form midfielder Maraoune Fellaini -LRB- left -RRB- available for the trip to Stamford Bridge . ` The only one I met , ' Mourinho said , ` was the phenomenal guy who made the report on the Matic situation . ` And that one , for sure , had sushi , lobster ... everything . He had everything . Champagne of high quality . Cristal . Everything . ' Mourinho again defended his players ' conduct . ` It 's not true , ' he said . ` I know that a lie repeated and repeated , there is a risk for it to become true in people 's eyes . But I always disagree with that . ` I think a lie is a lie . No problem . ' Fellaini -LRB- right -RRB- scored United 's second goal in their 4-2 win over Manchester City on April 12 .