The funeral for tragic NSW teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra , and the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . Reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at Canowindra and will be conducting Wednesday 's funeral service . He knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . ` The funeral will take place next Wednesday , but everything else has yet to be confirmed . I 'll be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details , ' Reverend Williams told Daily Mail Australia . Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday . Her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park . A picture of Stephanie as a little girl with her father Robert was posted on Facebook by her sister Kim . Last Saturday Ms Scott 's father Robert -LRB- left -RRB- , mother Merrilyn -LRB- centre -RRB- and sister Robyn -LRB- right -RRB- were among those gathered at a memorial service for her at Mountford Park , Leeton . Ms Scott 's distraught fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley attends the memorial service in Mountford Park . ` I know Stephanie 's father relatively well through the time that he taught at the local Canowindra High School . ` It 's going to be a very difficult time for everyone , especially for the young people in town who knew her well . ' Reverend Williams was also yet another person who sang the praises of the young teacher whose heart-breaking tale has gripped Australia in recent weeks . ` She was vice-captain of Canowindra High School and worked at the local swimming pool when she was younger , ' Reverend Williams told Daily Mail Australia . Another Facebook picture shows Stephanie having a good time with her friends . Mr Leeson-Woolley and Ms Scott were due to be married last Saturday . Ms Scott was a popular teacher at Leeton High School where students paid homage to her . ` She also worked at the local supermarket , so she was well known by everyone here from a young age . ` Throughout this time Stephanie was always known for her friendly disposition and she was always friendly with anyone that she met . ` I met her a few times myself and she showed herself to be a very friendly and cheerful girl . The community both here in Canowindra and in Leeton will be out in force to say their goodbyes on Wednesday . ' Ms Scott 's father , Robert Scott -LRB- centre -RRB- , is comforted by family members at the Mountford Park service . Mr Leeson-Woolley -LRB- right -RRB- was a forlorn figure at the Mountford Park memorial last Saturday in Leeton . Less than a week before her wedding the Leeton high school teacher went missing on Easter Sunday . The 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on Friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer , Vincent Stanford went on regular camping trips . School cleaner Stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June . A NSW Health spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia that Ms Scott 's body was still undergoing tests on Thursday . Mr Leeson-Wooley and Ms Scott pictured together in much happier times . As a moving tribute to the murdered teacher , women in Leeton and elsewhere hung wedding dresses on their front doors . Yellow balloons are released into the air at the memorial service for Ms Scott in Leeton . The town of Canowindra is 317 km west of Sydney or three hours ' drive from Leeton . Canowindra is located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales , Australia in Cabonne Shire . A genuine country town , in the 2011 census , Canowindra and the surrounding area had a population of 2,381 . The name of the town is derived from an Aboriginal word meaning ` a home ' . It is also popularly known as the Balloon Capital of Australia .