As a new parent , one of the most trying parts of caring for a baby is getting them to go to sleep . However , you may be able to wave goodbye tp sleepless nights thanks to one father who has come up with a trick that can get your little one to sleep in less than one minute . Nathan Dailo , from Sydney , uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds . The clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off . Nathan uploaded the video , writing : ` I 'm sure every parent tries new things to put their little one to sleep . ` Watch as my wife and I put our 3 month old baby boy , Seth , to sleep in under a minute using nothing but a piece of tissue paper . ' At the beginning of the video little Seth seems anything other than sleepy as he fidgets and whines in his cot . A father from Sydney has worked out a way of making his baby fall asleep in 42 seconds . In his YouTube video , Nathan Dailo shows that by running tissue paper over his son Seth makes him sleep . Then Nathan slowly begins stroking Seth 's face gently with the piece of white tissue paper . The first few strokes of tissue paper seems to have little effect on baby Seth who appears to be wide awake , however after the fifth stroke Seth 's eyes begin droop . He slowly begins to drift off , opening his eyes occasionally but but by the 14th stroke he has drifted off entirely , and all in just 42 seconds . And it appears that Nathan is not the only one it has worked for . One grateful viewer of the video commented : ` This worked for my baby 5 times already so thanks ! ' Got a better method ? We want to hear how you get your baby to sleep ! Email us at Femail@mailonline.co.uk with your tips and tricks . By the 14th stroke baby Seth has stopped fidgeting and has completely drifted off . The video has already received 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago .