She 's been on the social media site for less than six months but new figures released by Twitter reveal the Queen is already the world 's most popular online royal . Her Majesty 's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers during its time online and more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales and his @ClarenceHouse account . Spain 's glamorous young royal couple , King Felipe and Queen Letizia , come next and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot . The real Queen of Twitter : Her Majesty 's @BritishMonarchy is the most followed royal Twitter account . The Netherlands ' King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima are also popular figures on Twitter and their @koninklijkhuis account has an impressive 151,000 followers . With 82,400 followers , the Duchess of York is the next most followed and narrowly beats her ex husband Prince Andrew whose @DukeofYork account boasts 72,900 followers . Nevertheless , despite their best efforts , when it comes to making a social media splash , none come close to the Queen who amassed 78,000 followers within minutes of sending her first Tweet . The missive , which was posted on the 23rd October , read : ` It is a pleasure to open the Information Age exhibition today at the @ScienceMuseum and I hope people will enjoy visiting . Elizabeth R. ' Despite its rather bland content , the message was re-tweeted 42,921 times and made a favourite by 47,130 people . Next in line : Charles and Camilla take second spot , while King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain are third . Liked : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who share an account with Prince Harry , are fourth . The Queen 's first foray into photo-bombing , which came during last summer 's Commonwealth Games , also proved popular on Twitter . Meeting athletes in Glasgow , Her Majesty accidentally wandered into the background of a selfie being taken by the Australian women 's hockey team . Posted on Twitter by ` Hockeyroos ' player Jayde Taylor , it swiftly went viral and racked up 14,535 re-tweets and 12,960 favourites . Prince Charles has also made waves on Twitter and memorably announced news of Prince William 's engagement to the then Kate Middleton via the social networking site . The tweet , which read : ` The Prince of Wales is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince William to Miss Catherine Middleton ' was re-tweeted 1,209 times and was a favourite with 184 people . So popular are the royals on Twitter , even spoof accounts such as @Queen_UK have proved a hit , although Her Majesty might be displeased to discover that some also have more than her . Proving popular : The Dutch royals -LRB- Queen Maxima , left -RRB- came fifth and the Duchess of York sixth . Viral : This snap of the Queen photo bombing a selfie taken by hockey player Jayde Taylor , 30 , went viral . The biggest one , Elizabeth Windsor or @Queen_UK , boasts 1.25 m followers - 280,000 more than the real thing . Offering snarky commentary on current events , typical tweets include : ` Britain may have talent . Fairly sure Amanda Holden does n't . #BGT ' and ` Conclusion of the #leadersdebate : absolute monarchy . #NuffSaid ' Popular though the royal accounts are , most still have some way to go before they come close to the most loved celebrity Twitter accounts . Singer Katy Perry is the world 's top Tweeter and boasts 68m followers - five million ahead of the world 's next most popular Twitter personality , Justin Bieber who has 62m . Top tweets : Katy Perry is the world 's most followed person on Twitter , closely followed by Justin Bieber . Top two : Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are the world 's most followed politicians . Popular : Tony Abbott is the most followed Australian politician while David Cameron tops the list in the UK . Pop favourite Taylor Swift has 56m followers while fellow singer Lady Gaga has 45.8 m and Justin Timberlake has 44.4 m. Although President Obama is among the most popular people on Twitter with 58m followers , the majority of politicians do n't fare quite so well . In second place is Indian premier Narendra Modi with 8.5 m followers and Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , the former President of Indonesia , with 5.3 m. David Cameron is the most followed British politician with 3.1 m followers on his @No10Gov account and a further 976,000 on his personal @David_Cameron account . Ed Miliband has a mere 440,000 for his @Ed_Miliband account while Nick Clegg has amassed 231,000 on his . In Australia , the most popular politician is Prime Minister Tony Abbott with 486,000 followers , with Labor leader Bill Shorten boasting just 101,000 .