The Ministry of Defence was under fire after vital details of the RAF 's main base on the Falklands Islands were published on their website . The secret document , which has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as information on the depth of concrete on the runway were published unencrypted on the MoD 's website . The details could be used as ` an invasion guide ' by Argentina , with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any Argentine bombers sent to attack the islands . The Falklands Islands are defended by a squadron of RAF Typhoon aircraft operating from Mount Pleasant aerodrome on West Falkland , supported by a refueling tanker to extend their operational area . The aerodrome also operates as a Search and Rescue location with Sea King helicopters , pictured . The airstrip , pictured , is home to four Europfighter Typhoon aircraft tasked with defending the islands . The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto a public section of the MoD 's website and could have been downloaded by Argentine intelligence agents to help prepare a mission to recapture the islands . A senior military source told The Express : ` This is exactly the kind of intel foreign powers send spies to get . ` It 's practically an invasion handbook . Taking out the runway could cripple Britain 's ability to fight off invaders in the ongoing sovereignty dispute . ' The MoD admitted the manual had been available on the internet but the link had been disabled . They denied the information was particularly sensitive . The blunder occurred as Argentina was described as a ` very live threat ' by Defence Secretary Michael Fallon . This comes as Argentina is preparing to lease 12 Sukhoi SU-24 long-range bombers from Russia . The Falklands Islands are defended by modern Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft , supported by Rapier surface-to-air missiles and 1,200 troops . The Royal Navy also patrols the area and nuclear-powered submarines are also thought regularly travel to the region . And the MoD recently announced the £ 228million purchase of new anti-aircraft missiles to boost island defences . The jets are housed in hangers just off the main runway where they can be airborne quickly to intercept any potential aircraft inbound from Argentina in the event of a new conflict . Argentina is considering leasing 12 Suhkoi SU-24 bombers , pictured , from Russia . The Cold War-era jets have a range of 650 miles and would be able to bomb Mount Pleasant without the need to refuel . The MoD published the Aerodrome Manual on their website where it could be downloaded by anyone . The Cold War-era jet has a maximum range of 650 miles - which means it could attack the Falklands Islands and return to Argentina without the need to refuel . It also can carry 3,000 kg of bombs as well as air-to-air missiles . The jets , despite being designed in the 1960s , are also capable of supersonic travel . This comes as tensions between Britain and Argentina have increased over plans by UK firms to drill for oil in the South Atlantic . Argentina 's minister for the Malivinas - the name it uses for the Falklands Islands - Daniel Filmus threatened to prosecute any British firms exploring for oil near the islands . He said : ` The new exploration efforts to try to find hydrocarbons in the area carry a huge environmental risk . ` We want the owners of the companies to be tried according to Argentine laws and international statutes . ' A Foreign Office spokesman said : ` We have always been very clear that this is an unlawful assertion of jurisdiction over the Falklands Islands ' continental shelf , which we reject , and we will raise it will the appropriate authorities . ` We are satisfied that the Islands have the right to develop their hydrocarbons sector as a legitimate commercial venture with international oil and gas companies , and will continue to support them as they move forward . Argentine domestic law does not apply to the Falkland Islands . '