Wallace , the Chelsea defender on-loan at Vitesse Arnhem , has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ` suspicion of a sexual offence ' . The 20-year-old , who has been loaned out to Fluminense and Inter Milan since he signed for Chelsea in January 2013 , was with Vitesse 's squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club . ` Wallace wo n't be in the selection for the match against Excelsior , ' a statement from Vitesse read . Wallace is pictured in action for Chelsea during their pre-season tour of Indonesia back in July 2013 . ` The Brazilian defender was arrested last night in the centre of Arnhem on suspicion of an offence . ` Based on the fact that he is to refrain from going out in the 48 hours before a match , Vitesse immediately decided Wallace will be out of the team and will receive a maximum fine . ` Vitesse has no further announcements . ' While the Dutch club refused to comment on the nature of the offence which led to the arrest , a police spokesman is quoted by local media as saying it was ` sexual ' . The 20-year-old right back is pictured playing for Dutch side Vitesse Arnhem in February of this year . ` We still do n't know what exactly happened , ' police spokesman Paul Koetsier told RTL . ` That must be found out during the investigation . ` We ca n't make it more concrete than a suspicion of a sexual offence . Maybe there will me more information later today . ' Wallace is on a season-long loan at Vitesse . The Dutch outfit enjoy a close relationship with the Blues and the club 's owner Alexander Chigrinsky is an associate of Roman Abramovich . Wallace , a Brazilian Under-20 international , made his debut for Jose Mourinho 's side during their summer tour of Asia in 2013 before his season on loan at Inter . He made only three appearances for the Serie A club before being sent to Vitesse . Wallace , who signed for Chelsea in January 2013 , is on a season-long loan at Vitesse -LRB- right -RRB- . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .