Edinson Cavani 's slumbering Champions League performance against Barcelona may well have put to bed any chance of him making a switch to Manchester United . The chances of the Uruguayan filling what would appear to be a looming striker void at Old Trafford have always been slim . For a start , at 28 he would appear to be too old for Louis van Gaal , who prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player . Edinson Cavani falls flat on his face during a limp display for PSG against Barcelona on Tuesday night . Manchester United have been linked with Cavani but the striker has n't impressed this season . Radamel Falcao has struggled at Manchester United after signing on loan from Ligue 1 side Monaco . And the painful , expensive experience of Radamel Falcao 's nightmare loan spell will have made the club 's Dutch manager wary of seemingly-fading South Americans . But United , who have cash to burn and gaps to fill , will have kept a close eye on Tuesday night 's events at the Nou Camp to see if Cavani still had what it takes . On the evidence of a sterile 90 minutes in an inevitable 2-0 defeat he does not . There is mitigation -- Barcelona look unstoppable and few in Europe can live with Luis Enrque 's resurgent treble hunters . Questions over Cavani 's domestic form , however , still linger . France 's Ligue 1 is not the Premier League or La Liga and after making the £ 55m move from Napoli , where he was almost unplayable , Cavani has not been the prolific force officials at Parc des Princes hoped for . This season he has played 32 times in domestic competitions and has scored 11 goals , although six more have come in the Champions League . Louis van Gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off Cavani by Falcao 's spell . The Uruguayan has n't scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league . PSG will now concentrate on winning a two-horse race with Lyon at the top of the table -LRB- they are currently level on points with a game in hand -RRB- and will look to Cavani along with Zlatan Ibrahimovic to fire them over the line first . Following the 3-1 first leg defeat by Barcelona on home soil the man himself maintained he wants to see out the remainder of his contract in France . ` There is too much talk about my future but I will remain here , ' he told Sky Italia . ` I will respect my contract and I 'm only focusing on doing well for PSG . ' He may have few options to do anything else . Cavani argues with the referee during PSG 's 2-0 -LRB- 5-1 agg -RRB- defeat in the Champions League quarter-finals .