A man has been hailed a hero after he rescued a three year old girl from a raging house fire that left him with horrific burns across his entire body . Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze , which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month . The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend , suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm . . Bradey told Daily Mail Australia he awoke to the screams of his partner in the early hours of March 14 as the house they were sleeping in was engulfed in flames . WARNING : graphic content below . Carl Bradey -LRB- left -RRB- suffered horrific burns to his whole body -LRB- right -RRB- after he rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire last month . The 25-year-old said his first thought was to make sure everyone got out of the house . ` The flames were getting close to the room where the girl was sleeping , the only thing going through my mind was ` get her out ' . So I ran in and smashed the window . ' Bradey cut several of his main arteries on the broken glass and lost so much blood that he fainted as he reached the front of the house . ` When I woke up I was in hospital in the worst pain I 've ever had felt . Every time I moved it felt like glass was being smashed onto my skin , ' he said . Footage from inside the house shows the devastation caused by the fire . It took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish the fire , which gutted Bradey 's house and car . Bradey has undergone four major operations since the fire , including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein . ` It 's the worst thing I 've ever been through and I 've been through some heavy stuff in the past , ' he said . It took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish the fire , which destroyed Bradey 's house and car . Photos taken of the damage inside the house show the extent of the devastation to the property and Bradey 's possessions . Bradey has undergone four major operations , including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein . ` Every time I moved it felt like glass was being smashed onto my skin ' : Bradey said the injuries were the worst pain he has ever felt . The 25-year old is currently staying with his mother , Angalina Summers , while he recovers . ` Carl has been amazing . Because he has had the support of his loved ones his attitude throughout the whole ordeal has been optimistic and very inspiring , ' Ms Summers told Daily Mail Australia . ` I was so proud of him for saving that girl . ' Bradey and a friend who visited him in Palmerston North hospital : in hopes of getting back on his feet , his family have made him a crowdfunding page . Fire experts urge anybody using candles to ensure they are positioned on solid holders away from anything inflammable . The house has been demolished because there was asbestos found in the property . Bradey 's family have created a crowdfunding page to help him get his life back on track and you can donate to Bradey here .