Sportsmen will go to extreme lengths to mend their battered bodies ahead of the next challenge , and that includes inserting multiple needles into their necks . English golfer Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport . The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck , accompanied by the caption : ` I feel like a pin cushion ' . Ian Poulter shared an Instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session . The English golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past . Poulter has just come off a strong finish at the US Masters where successive final rounds of 67 saw him finish tied sixth at Augusta , while sending a strong message to impressed Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke . ` I was proud of the way I played over the weekend - I only missed four greens in regulation in the final two rounds , which is a bit special around here , ' Poulter said . ` I gave myself so many chances , and I could have even gone lower over these last 36 . It makes the first couple of days even more frustrating , because I left far too many spots in really bad places - and I should know better at this place . ' Clarke , who partnered Poulter at the event told Sporting Life : ` That 's the best I have ever seen him play . It was a 67 that could have been a 63 standing on his head . ' Poulter is confident of winning a first tour title since the HSBC Champions in 2012 , saying : ` I know I will . Poulter , accompanied by fellow Englishman Paul Casey , finished tied sixth at the US Masters . Europe Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke says Poulter 's final round was the best he 's ever seen him play . Poulter is not the only leading sportsman to seek out unorthodox treatments to aid recovery . World boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jnr . recently shared a video of himself receiving a SubZero recovery cool down in Las Vegas ahead of his $ 300million mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao in May . The treatment known as kriotherapy -LRB- or cryotherapy -RRB- involves exposing the body to freezing temperatures of -200 C for between 1-3minutes to assist muscle recovery as well as decrease inflammation and soreness after a training session . Kriotherapy has also been used by the Wales rugby union team as well as Tottenham players including Andros Townsend , Christian Eriksen and Jan Vertonghen - while Real Madrid superstar has had his own ` ice chamber ' installed at home . Head of sports science at Manchester City -LRB- and formerly with Spurs -RRB- , Dr Sam Erith , has said : ` Kriotherapy means you can train more , to get fitter more quickly . With the players who have been rehabilitating , they 've been training three times a day . ' Floyd Mayweather Jnr sits in a kriotherapy ice chamber ahead of his mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao . The world champion boxer immerses himself in a cooled -200 C chamber for between 1-3minutes . -LRB- L-R -RRB- Andros Townsend , Kyle Walker , Christian Eriksen and Jan Vertonghen prepare to enter an ice chamber . Other alternative treatments including that used by NBA player Amar ' e Stoudemire are even stranger . The New York Knicks star revealed he 's been taking red wine baths over the past six months to help rejuvenate his body . The 31-year-old , who has had long-standing problems with his knees during his career , believes the remedy has helped him recover much better after games and revitalised him . He said of the treatment : ` The red wine bath is very important to me because it allows me to create more circulation in my red blood cells . ` Plus , it 's very hot , so it 's like a hot tub . But it 's also the red wine ... it just kind of soothes the body . NBA star Amar ' e Stoudemire takes a selfie of himself taking a red wine bath to help with his recovery . Robin van Persie is one of several players who have used horse placenta massages to aid recovery . But , perhaps the most unusual alternative treatment is that carried out by Serbian housewife/therapist Marianna Kovacevic who uses the placental fluid from a horse to massage strained muscles . Manchester United striker Robin van Persie is one of several Premier League players who has used the left field method after he attempted to speed up his recovery from an ankle injury picked up during international duty in 2009 . ` I am going to try . It can not hurt and , if it helps , it helps , ' he said ahead of the treatment . Manchester City players Pablo Zabaleta , Vincent Kompany and Nigel de Jong were reportedly so impressed by the treatment that they asked for Kovacevic to join the club 's medical staff , an offer which ultimately refused .