The ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of England cricket . The confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former England captains Andrew Strauss , Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart . But the work parameters will not appear on the ECB website or that of headhunters Sports Recruitment International , as would be the normal procedure . ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England . Former England captain Andrew Strauss -LRB- pictured here in 2011 -RRB- is among the front-runners for the job . It is understood the ECB , who say there will be a proper recruitment procedure , do n't want any publicity about the job specification . It might well be altered in various ways during the interview process so their chosen man is happy with the scope of his responsibilities . It is not expected that the new appointment will have to go to every England game . That will please head coach Peter Moores , who talked of the danger of having too many voices in the dressing room after the Antigua Test . But the cricket director will have the main say over coach and captain and set the overall playing strategy . Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters , who is credited with having helped Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena , talked briefly this week about how he is aiding the England batsman . England star Jonathan Trott has overcome situational anxieties following work with psychiatrist Steve Peters . Peters , before giving a lecture on his role as undergraduate dean of the University of Sheffield medical school , said he was n't equipped to give guidance on the technical batting problems that led to Trott 's two failures in Antigua . But he concentrates on ensuring , through Skype sessions , that Trott is in the best state of mind to succeed while being able to put any cricket setback into proper perspective . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho appears to have enjoyed yet another big payday by fronting a Jaguar promotion of their new car supply deal for the Wimbledon Championships . Mourinho , who was shown around the All England Club by chairman-in-waiting and fellow Jaguar ambassador Tim Henman , is a tennis fan who goes to the World Tour finals at the O2 and counts Rafa Nadal as a friend , even inviting him to Chelsea matches . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign on behalf of Jaguar . It has emerged that Keith Pelley , the Canadian media mogul chosen as chief executive of golf 's European Tour , was not the only non-European in the running . So was the second choice , and there was also an American on the short-list . The message seems to have been that the Tour did n't want to antagonise the rest of Europe by appointing another Brit following the long , successful reigns of Ken Schofield and George O'Grady . However , Pelley , despite his lack of golf knowledge , is seen as a good appointment , mainly because of his TV rights acumen . Keith Pelley -LRB- right -RRB- . O'Sullivan going to pot ? Five-time world snooker champion Ronnie O'Sullivan , who has suffered from depression and missed most of the 2012-13 season with personal issues , does n't seem to be in the best frame of mind ahead of this year 's World Championship judging by a call he made while on the London-Sheffield train last Saturday . O'Sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the World Championships . The Rocket , who leads debutant Craig Steadman 7-2 in his first-round match , was overhead saying that he was n't happy and was ready to retire again . O'Sullivan said in hearing of around 10 passengers travelling in the same first-class carriage : ` It 's no good . I do n't need any of this . I 've got my Eurosport work , I 've got money . I only came back to revive my career . Tony McCoy , the greatest ever jump jockey who retires from riding at Sandown on Saturday , has an open offer to join Channel 4 , who would greatly benefit from his stardust . But McCoy , although sure to make occasional TV appearances , is more likely to work inside JP McManus ' racing empire . Legendary jockey AP McCoy is set to retire from racing on Saturday and could now pursue punditry . With so many Premier League clubs having absentee owners , it 's refreshing to hear that Etty Smith , the 95-year-old mother of Norwich majority shareholder Delia , still regularly attends games at Carrow Road .