Sugar consumption : Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 -LRB- file picture -RRB- . If you 're feeling stressed in the office , a sweet tea or coffee can seem like the perfect pick-me-up . According to scientists , sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol , which is released into the body when we are experiencing stress . Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . Half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days , while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame . The volunteers were instructed not to consume other sugary drinks , including fruit juice , outside these times . Before and after the study period , the women were given a difficult maths test and then underwent MRI scans to measure the response of their brains to stress . Saliva samples were also used to measure levels of cortisol , which is made by the adrenal glands . The women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the artificially sweetened drinks . Dr Kevin Laugero , one of the researchers at the University of California , Davis , said : ` This is the first evidence that high sugar consumption -- but not aspartame -- may relieve stress in humans . ' Finding : Scientists at the University of California , Davis -LRB- above -RRB- said the women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the artificially sweetened drinks . However , while research shows sugary drinks can help to dull feelings of anxiety , experts warn that too many of them could be habit-forming -- and may explain the desire to comfort eat under pressure . Dr Laugero , whose findings were published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism , warned that chronic stress could prompt people to make a habit of consuming too much sugar , which is not recommended due to its links to health problems . He said : ` The concern is that psychological or emotional stress could trigger the habitual overconsumption of sugar and amplify sugar 's detrimental health effects , including obesity . ' In the US , more than a third of adults and about a sixth of children are obese , with sugar-laden fizzy drinks and fruit juice partly to blame . Around half of the American population consume sugary drinks on any given day . Dr Laugero added : ` The results suggest differences in dietary habits may explain why some people under-react to stressful situations and others over-react . ` Although it may be tempting to suppress feelings of stress , a normal reaction to stress is important to good health . '