Whether it is through Sir Bradley Wiggins , Geraint Thomas or Ian Stannard , Ireland 's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling 's Monuments . With the two major cobbled classics - the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends , it is time to see the early results of Sir Dave Brailsford 's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics in his second five-year plan for Team Sky . With Wiggins electing to sign off his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12 , the races are bound to be a big part of the team 's season whatever the outcome . British Bradley Wiggins competes during the the Gent-Wevelgem one day cycling race on March 29 . The shift in emphasis has already paid dividends in the early part of the season , with Stannard defending his title at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad , Team Sky 's third victory in the Belgian race , while Thomas last week won E3 Harelbeke - a key warm-up for this weekend 's Tour of Flanders . Kelly , whose record of nine Monument wins puts him in a tie for third all-time , likes what he sees from Team Sky as the big races approach . ` Right now they 're looking really good , ' Kelly said . ` They 've been very impressive in the semi-classics . Can they finish it off by winning a big one ? ' Team Sky 's focus on the Grand Tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics , while the usually chaotic nature of the races is anathema to their favoured controlling tactics . But the development of Stannard and Thomas gives Team Sky two in-house contenders , while Wiggins raised eyebrows with his ninth-placed finish in Paris-Roubaix last year and he vowed to return . Luke Rowe could also be another British option for the team . Ian Stannard -LRB- 3rd from front -RRB- rides in the Gent-Wevelgem one-day cycling race on March 29 . Injuries to classics specialists Fabian Cancellara -LRB- Trek Factory -RRB- and Tom Boonen -LRB- Etixx-QuickStep -RRB- - although the latter may return in time for Paris-Roubaix - add to the impression that Team Sky 's best chance may be now . ` Without Cancellara , without Boonen , it 's going to be a more open race , ' said Kelly , who will commentate on both the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix for Eurosport . ` There 's going to be eight-10 guys saying they can win and Sky have three of them . Geraint is certainly in there , Stannard is maybe a little bit under his best after his crash -LRB- in the first Monument , Milan-San Remo on March 22 -RRB- but can come back , and then of course there is Wiggins . ' Of the three , Wiggins is yet to show the sort of form this season which suggests he can win Paris-Roubaix , but Kelly is not counting the 2012 Tour de France winner out , saying a Monument win to add to his Tour and world time trial success would elevate Wiggins to ` another level ' . ` If you look at the way he 's performing at the moment , for me , it 's not as good as I would like him to be in the recent races , but you ca n't go to Paris-Roubaix with only one card to play , ' Kelly said . Geraint Thomas celebrates placing third in the Belgian cycling classic Ghent-Wevelgem . ` With Thomas and Stannard as well , you play all of those cards and the rest look after them . If you can get to the final 10-12km and Wiggins is still there , that is where he can go on the attack . ' To get to that point , Team Sky will need to be in survival mode in a usually attritional race known as ` the Hell of the North ' . The brutal cobbled stretches , which require huge amounts of effort while increasing the chances of crashes and mechanical problems , create a nervousness in the peloton which makes planning all but impossible . Although Kelly never won the Tour of Flanders , finishing second in 1984 , he was victorious in Paris-Roubaix twice , 1984 and 1986 , and said the fear of the cobbles is something that never really left him . ` When I first went there I had a horrendous time - I was very nervous on the cobbles and I was n't able to ride them well , ' he said . ` I slowly developed and I was able to manage to ride them , but even when I got to the point of being a Paris-Roubaix favourite it 's still very nervous times . ` It 's a horrible race to ride , but a great race to win . '