Javier Hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as Real Madrid kept up their pursuit of Barcelona at the top of La Liga with a 4-2 win over Celta Vigo . Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi who nets once every 81 minutes . The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid and in Baliados on Sunday night he scored twice to keep Real in the title race . READ PETE JENSON 'S FULL MATCH REPORT HERE . Host commentator . Real Madrid are now just two points behind league leaders Barcelona . Chelsea may have wrapped up the title in England but it seems like the La Liga race will go right down to the wire . Real Madrid will have Hernandez to thanks for tonight 's win as his two goals were decisive in their win over Celta . The home side the better side for large stages throughout the game but Real 's quality in the final third made the difference . Yet another sign of respect by Ancelotti towards Celta . The Italian tactician now has six defenders on the pitch following the arrival of Arbeloa . Real Madrid now have three at the back with Carvajal and Marcelo acting as wing backs . Ancelotti 's tactical switch shows just how much of a threat Celta have been during the 80-odd minutes or so . Hernandez will not get the chance of scoring a hat-trick as Ancelotti has decided to take the Mexican off . Pepe has been brought on to shore up the back-line . It 's that man Hernandez again . Sergio Ramos runs up the pitch before playing a delightful through pass to Hernandez with the outside of his foot . The Mexican then takes one touch to bring the ball down before placing the ball into the net . A fine goal by the Real Madrid loanee . Some great football being played by Celta - and remember their wage bill is € 12m compared with the € 17m Real pay Ronaldo . But they are inevitably leaving themselves wide open on the counter . An equaliser does n't look far off as Real fail to get to grips with Celta . The away side continue to counter attack with Hernandez going close after a neat run from the halfway line . Real Madrid are playing with fire . The home side should have been given a penalty as Kroos has just swiped the legs of Orellana , who was racing towards goal . Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti may have to freshen his side up during the next 10 minutes or so . They are still look far from convincing . Here 's a reminder of who the Italian tactician can call on from the bench . Real Madrid subs : Navas , Pepe , Coentrao , Lucas Silva , Arbeloa , Nacho , Jese . Ronaldo has always scored against Celta Vigo whenever he has faced the La Liga outfit while wearing a Real Madrid shirt . He will be desperate to add to his outstanding tally of 39 league goals . No Bale and Benzema , no problem - Chicharito and James Rodriguez very good in the first half . Celta still in it but to play that well in the first 45 minutes and to go in at half time losing , it will be hard to lift themselves again . Real Madrid are extremely fortunate to be winning this game . Celta have looked assured and have really troubled their opponent 's back-line . Nolito opened the scoring before Real took the lead thanks to goals by Toni Kroos and Javier Hernandez . Celta looked to be heading into the interval on level terms after Santi Mina 's goal , however James Rodriguez struck before the break to make it 3-2 to Real . Real Madrid 's luck appears to be in tonight as James Rodriguez has just scored an extremely fortunate goal . His shot is heading towards the arms of Sergio , in the Celta goal , until his shot deflects into the opposite corner and lands in the back of the net . Real do not deserve to be winning this game . Ronaldo almost puts his side back in the lead . The Portuguese forward races past Celta 's defence before unleashing a low shot which looks destined to be heading for the back of the net . However his left-footed drives smashes against the post and rebounds to a Celta player . Remains 2-2 . Barcelona will be delighted with the scoreline and Celta Vigo 's performance during the opening 40 minutes of tonight 's game . The home side continue to look the better side but they must be wary of Real 's threat on the counter-attack . Real appear to be struggling in the absence of two members of the famous ` BBC ' trio . They seem to be missing the pace of both Bale and Benzema in the final third . Not just because he 's just scored , and not just because he scored four in one game two weeks ago , but 19-year-old Santi Mina is going to be one hell of a player . What is going on here ? Just as we think Real are starting to find second gear - Celta go and grab an equaliser . This time it is Santi Mina who beats Casillas . He smashes the ball against the woodwork before tapping in the rebound from close range . One man who does seem to have taken confidence from the win over Atletico id Hernandez . He may have had to make do with a place on the bench during the majority of the season but he is now showing his worth . Hernandez shows a burst of pace before finishing past Sergio . I expected Real to come into this match with an extra bounce in their step following their win over Atletico but it has been the complete opposite . They look rattled and have really struggled during the opening 20 minutes of tonight 's match . Second big assist in a week from Ronaldo . He 's after his 40th league goal tonight . Celta have scored 38 as a team - that 's what they are up against . It did n't take long for Real to get back on level terms . Ronaldo goes on a dangerous run down the right but fails to pick out a Real Madrid team-mate . The ball eventually falls to Kroos , who has the easy task of side-footing the ball into the net . Game on . Celta Vigo , who have started the brighter of the two sides , score by hitting Real on the counter attack . Nolito bursts down the left before cutting in between two defenders and shooting low past Iker Casillas . Fully deserved lead for the home side . Bright enough start from Celta . Ancelotti has not won here in any of his previous three visits with three different teams - Juventus , Milan and Madrid last season . Celta have started the match brightly with Real having to sit back and deal with their opponent 's attacking threat . It looks like they will not be afraid of the European champions which should make for a good spectacle . Evidence shows that Real Madrid have a better win percentage without their Welsh wizard . Read Ben Nagle 's piece on Bale 's impact HERE . Manchester United 's Javier Hernandez will lead the line for Real Madrid due to the absence of Karim Benzema . The Mexican international will be high in confidence following his late winner in the Champions League against rivals Atletico . Real Madrid XI : Casillas , Carvajal , Varane , Ramos , Marcelo , Kroos , Illarramendi , Isco , Rodriguez , Hernandez , Ronaldo . Real Madrid subs : Navas , Pepe , Coentrao , Lucas Silva , Arbeloa , Nacho , Jese . Celta Vigo XI : Sergio , Hugo Mallo , Cabral , Fontas , Jonny , Augusto , Krohn-Dehli , Orellana , Santi Mina , Nolito , Larrivey . Attention switches from the Barclays Premier League to the La Liga title race as Real Madrid face Celta Vigo at Balaidos in tonight 's evening kick-off . The European champions will be desperate to claim all three points in order to pile pressure on rivals Barcelona . Carlo Ancelotti 's side will have to make do without the injured Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema and Luka Modric . Real Madrid will be hoping to follow up their late Champions League triumph against rivals Atletico Madrid by picking up all three points against mid-table Celta Vigo . League leaders Barcelona piled pressure on Real by defeating Espanyol 2-0 , to leave the Catalan giants five points clear at the top of the table . Carlo Ancelotti will have to make do without the injured Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema and Luka Modric for Sunday evening 's encounter at Balaidos , however the Italian tactician will be able to call on the services of a rejuvenated Javier Hernandez .