A cyclist who was killed in an accident with a lorry in London has been named as a former design chief of the Victoria and Albert Museum . Moira Gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at St James 's Palace where she had begun a new role at the Royal Collection Trust , when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster . The leading art and design figure , who had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle , was the fifth cyclist killed on London 's road this year . Moira Gemmill , 55 , was killed by a tipper lorry while cycling to work near Lambeth Bridge yesterday morning . She had recently left her position as director of design at the v & a , where she led the planning and implementation of FuturePlan , an on-going restoration and redesign programme of its galleries . Ms Gemmill , a fellow of the Royal Society of Arts , spent more than 10 years at the museum before taking up her new position as director of capital programmes at the Royal Collection Trust . Her devastated brother Andrew , 59 , speaking from the family home in Scotland , today told the Evening Standard : ` She was a wonderful , inspirational woman . ` She was absolutely extraordinary but in a very modest way . She lived a modest life . She was very excited about her new post , we all were . ' The accident happened at the junction of Millbank and Horseferry Road shortly after 9.30 am on Thursday . Her brother Andrew Gemmill described his sister as an ` extraordinary ' woman who lived a ` modest life ' Martin Roth , current director of the v & a , paid tribute to his former colleague , stating she had made a ` remarkable contribution ' in her 13-years at the museum . He said : ` We are devastated to hear of the tragic death of our much-loved and respected colleague of many years , Moira Gemmill . ` During her 13-year career at the v & a she made an extraordinary impact in transforming the museum 's galleries and facilities with the FuturePlan programme of restoration , refurbishment and redesign . ` Major projects included the Medieval & Renaissance Galleries and most recently the Weston Cast Court . ` I can not overstate Moira 's remarkable contribution in making the v & a the global leader in museum design that it is today . She will be greatly missed and our thoughts are with her family at this very sad time . ' Ms Gemmill , who lived in Kennington , south London , had been a judge for the Architectural Review 's -LRB- AR -RRB- Women in Architecture Awards since their launch in 2011 and an avid supporter of the campaign . AR editor Christine Murray said : ` She believed in the importance of creating a more equal profession . The profession has lost one of its great patrons and champions . ' Having grown up in a farming family in Kintyre in Scotland , Ms Gemmill studied graphic design and photography at the Glasgow School of Art . Later , she worked for Aberdeen Art Gallery and in 2011 was made an honorary fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects . She had recently left her position as director of design at the v & a -LRB- pictured -RRB- , where she led the planning and implementation of FuturePlan , an on-going restoration and redesign programme of its galleries . The v & a today posted on Twitter : ` Devastated to hear of the tragic death of Moira Gemmill who transformed the v & a during 13 yrs as Director of Design . She 'll be greatly missed . ' Clare Hughes , a creative producer and filmmaker , replied : ` Huge sympathies - Moira was an inspirational to us all and her legacy will be treasured the world over . ' Police were called to the junction of Millbank and Horseferry Road shortly after 9.30 am yesterday morning and Ms Gemmill was pronounced dead half an hour later . The 40-year-old driver of the tipper lorry stopped at the scene but was not arrested . A post-mortem examination will be held in due course , police said .