More than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the University of Florida - only to find they would have to spend a year taking online classes . The 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots . But after reading their congratulations notices , they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the Internet in order to attend the public college . The classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment -LRB- PaCE -RRB- - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students , The Washington Post reported . New program : More than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the University of Florida -LRB- pictured -RRB- - only to find they would have to take online classes for a year . The students who were accepted to the university - on the basis they agreed to undertake online classes for a year - had not applied to the program , which will likely help expand enrollment in the university 's new $ 15million online undergraduate program , created by state legislators in 2013 . They were also in addition to the estimated 12,000 students offered traditional freshman slots . Steve Orlando , senior director of UF 's media relations , told the newspaper the move ` allows us to offer admission to additional qualified applicants with academic potential and demonstrated success ' . Joe Glover , who has been the university 's Provost and Senior Vice President of Academic Affairs since July 2008 , added : ` The market for freshman is by no means clear anywhere in the country . ` We are trying different things to identify that market . That is one of the motivations . ' On its website , UF says that PaCE helps deal with the ` limited space of campus ' and gives students ` the chance to start -LSB- their -RSB- degree online and then transition to campus in order to complete it . ' It adds it ` offers an excellent academic experience , combining online and campus-based learning ' . New iniatitive : The classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment -LRB- PaCE , pictured -RRB- - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students at the flagship university . Extending space : On its website , UF says that PaCE helps deal with the ` limited space of campus ' and gives students ` the chance to start -LSB- their -RSB- degree online and then transition to campus in order to complete it ' It tells students : ` Because of limitations to our freshman enrollment on UF 's residential campus , we are unable to accommodate every capable student who applies to the university . ` However , because of your demonstrated potential , we are offering you a pathway to UF 's residential campus different from our traditional transfer program . ' With legislators keen to expand online learning at Florida universities , UF 's online graduate program became available to students in 2014 , with a huge $ 15million assigned to start-up and initial costs . But PaCE ` did n't fully exist ' last fall for the 2016 admissions season , Mr Glover told the newspaper , describing the initiative as ` an experiment ' that some of the 3,118 students may not wish to accept . Provost : Joe Glover -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the university 's Provost , said : ` The market for freshman is by no means clear anywhere in the country . ` We are trying different things to identify that market . That is one of the motivations ' He admitted that many parents were surprised to find their children had been accepted to UF on the condition they took online classes - and had bombarded him with calls asking questions about it . On its website , UF states that to be achieve a degree through the PaCE program , students must be willing to ` enroll for at least two semesters and a minimum of 15 credits through UF Online ' . It adds : ` After earning a total of 60 credits and meeting program requirements , students may submit a transition form to move from online learning to a guaranteed place on the UF residential campus . ' The program offers 60 majors in seven colleges , including psychology and telecommunication . Students in PaCE receive a 25 per cent tuition discount , the website says . They will also not have to pay some of the fees required for residential students .