One Tennessee judge has been hailed for her no-nonsense , brutal take down of a gang member who arrogantly dared claim a once-pleasant suburb as ` his hood ' while in her courtroom . After O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being ` in his hood ' , she had no problem telling him the area did n't actually belong to him . ` Sir , East Lake Courts is not your hood ' , Statom began , referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place . Tennessee Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as ` his hood ' while in her courtroom . ` Sir , East Lake Courts is not your hood , it 's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes ' Statom told O'Shae Smith , who told the judge he shot a rival gang member for being there . ` It 's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes , you do n't own that . ' Statom said she wanted to show Smith he was n't ` in control everywhere ' . ` It makes me upset because there are people that live in East Lake Court who get up and go to work every day . They take their children to daycare , ' she told WRCB-TV . Statom had a personal connection to the area that has been ravaged with gang violence , and told Smith ` it used to be a very nice place to live ' . ` My grandmother lived there and I spent many a night , ' she told the courtroom . ` It was a nice place where you could walk around . People like you have made it a violent , unsafe place to live . ' ` Hopefully we can make it the place that it used to be back when it was originally built for people who did n't have anywhere else to live - to make it a safe place to live , ' she said . According to police , Smith , 20 , shot Kendre Allen , 18 , in the hip in late March . Allen also appeared in Statom 's court last week to testify against Smith . ` My grandmother lived there and I spent many a night , ' she told the courtroom about the Chattanooga area . ` It was a nice place where you could walk around . People like you have made it a violent , unsafe place to live ' Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder for shooting Kendre Allen , 18 , in the hip in late March and is being held without bond . Allen also appeared in court to testify against Smith . Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond . Police said Allen was the fourth person shot in six days in the area during an ongoing gang feud last month , the Chattanooga Times Free Press reported . Statom said she thought it was unfair that anyone had to ` live among the violence ' that was ravaging a community where she once walked around to get ice cream and groceries or go to church . Police said Allen was the fourth person shot in six days in the area during an ongoing gang feud . ` I did n't want to allow him to take control over a courtroom when I felt he had maybe taken control over an area of town , ' she said . At one point in the video , Statom completely shuts down Smith when he raises his finger to say something . ` I do n't think you want to say a word to me Mr. Smith , ' she remarks . Statom told Fox News she was especially bothered that Smith was standing in front of her and did n't look to care ` in any way ' about the charges brought against him . ` I thought , he needs to know that gang members who go into communities like this are really affecting the people who have no choice but to live there , ' she said . The judge says she usually tries ` not to say too much ' in the courtroom , but that she was ` frustrated ' watching people who ` are not working and are not contributing ' bring crime and violence into the community . And Statom hoped that by speaking up , she would inspire others to try and affect change . ` I hope that I can give people that are coming to testify hope , that it does make a difference if you stand up . ' Statom said she thought it was unfair that anyone had to ` live among the violence ' that was ravaging the East Lake Courts community -LRB- pictured -RRB- where she once walked around to get ice cream , groceries or go to church .