A pensioner was killed after being run over by her sister 's car in a Tesco car park , an inquest has heard . Molly Wood , 74 , died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and ` lurched forward ' , trapping her under the wheels . The pensioner 's sister , 70 , who was about to buy a pay and display ticket , was also injured in the incident . Tragedy : Pensioner Molly Wood died after being run over by her sister 's car in a Tesco car park . Investigation : The 74-year-old died after the burgundy Kia Venga , pictured , had its engine running and ` lurched forward ' , trapping her under the wheels . Emergency services , including an air ambulance , were called but she died at the scene outside the Tesco store in Pontefract , West Yorkshire on March 25 . Her sister was also hurt in the accident but escaped with minor injuries . West Yorkshire Coroner David Hinchliff said today : ` Both ladies got out and Mrs Wood was standing in front of the vehicle while her sister went for a ticket . ` Mrs Wood was talking to some friends who were also there and it appears the engine was still running . ` It 's not clear whether Mrs Wood 's sister sat in the vehicle or leaned in but it was at that point that the vehicle rolled forward hitting Mrs Wood causing her to be trapped under the vehicle . ' He said a provisional post-mortem examination showed Mrs Wood , of Knottingley , West Yorkshire , died of multiple injuries . Scene : Mrs Wood , of Knottingley , West Yorkshire , was on a shopping trip with her younger sister , who was also injured . Detective Sergeant Ann Drury said : ` The incident took place around midday on Wednesday , March 25 when the car , a burgundy coloured Kia Venga , was unoccupied and lurched forward colliding with two women who were standing towards the front of the vehicle . ` As a result of injuries sustained in the collision , a 74-year-old woman from Knottingley died at the scene . ` The other woman , 70 , was not seriously injured in the incident but has been left badly shaken by what took place . ` This was a very tragic incident and I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision and is yet to speak to police . ' The inquest was adjourned for further inquiries .