Watching the first male skier to ever clinch four straight World Cup titles fly through snowcapped slopes is impressive enough . But talented Marcel Hirscher added a little extra flare to his downhill slalom run by bringing the pistes alive with a colourful display . The skier teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt , using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around . Rainbow run ! Marcel Hirscher performs during the project ` Marcel Hirscher Colours ' at Reiteralm near Schladming . Blue eruption ! The coloured powder was flung across the slopes as the talented skier went passed . ` It was a surreal experience -- simply amazing ! ' said the four times World Champion skier , Marcel Hirscher . ` We wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing , ' Hirscher said on the Red Bull website ' The process involved 11 cameras , a specially-enhanced slope , and three days to set up before creating the incredible video in one take with the 26-year-old Austrian . Marcel Hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured , biodegradable powder , which erupted upon contact . Six GoPros , and a range of other cameras , including a hand held one by the skier captured the dazzling rainbow effect , which surrounded him at every turn . As the run required more ice than snow , a section of the Reiteralm slopes in Austria had to be watered , so that it could freeze over night in preparation . The team had to get up at 4 am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run in one take from a number of angles , before the ice melted . The most difficult part of the incredible video as filming it from all angles , without getting another cameraman in the shot . ` We wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing , ' Hirscher said on the Red Bull website , ` and create unforgettable images . And I think we succeeded ! ' ` It was a surreal experience -- simply amazing ! I could n't ski with the speed I normally do in races , even though the course was very steep in the first part , up to 75 percent incline , ' he explains . ` At each gate I was blinded for a split second because I had to ski through a cloud of yellow and blue . ' The team had to get up at 4 am to set up the cameras to capture the rainbow run from a number of angles , before the ice melted during the day . The biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course , and multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect from different angles . Rainbow powder ! After winning the overall World Cup title four years in a row , alpine skier Marcel Hirscher took a day off and had some fun at his local resort with his race skiis and some crazy colors , resulting in one of the most vibrant ski runs to date . Talented ! This year the skier became the first men 's skier ever to clinch a fourth straight World Cup overall title . Respect for the environment was a priority from the beginning of this project ! The team has assured that the plants and wildlife have neither been damaged nor disturbed at any time during the project . Marcel 's explosive slalom run is a Red Bull Media House production realised by Starelation . Record achievement ! This year Hirscher became the first male alpine skier to win the overall World Cup title four times in a row . Respect for the environment was a priority from the beginning of this project ! The team has assured that the plants and wildlife have neither been damaged nor disturbed at any time during the project . Now your usual slope ! The team picked vibrant colours which would contrast heavily with the crisp white snow . The team wanted to get as close as they could to the skier but without any cameramen appearing in any shots . One chance ! The team knew they had one attempt to get the shot , as once the powder had been released it would ruin any other shots . Born in Annaberg-Lungötz , Salzburg , Hirscher made his World Cup debut in March 2007 . Marcel 's father Ferdinand Hirscher said on his website : ` Marcel and I have been travelling to various races since his childhood . I contribute with my experience from this . I make sure that we -- together with the coaches and the service crew -- get to the maximum as a team . ' The talented skier has 30 pairs of ski boots and 100 pairs of Atomic Redster racing skies prepared for use before every season . Impressive feat ! The team took three days to prepare , shoot and edit the colourful video . Success ! Marcel Hirscher poses for a portrait during the project ` Marcel Hirscher Colours , ' with the colourful slopes in the background .