Former Dragons ' Den star Duncan Bannatyne this morning announced he would back Labour at the next election -- just a week after backing the Tories . The millionaire businessman said Ed Miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over . He tweeted : ` Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK . This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this . ' Scroll down for video . Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over . It comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the Tories ' economic record . The letter claimed that the ` Conservative-led Government has been good for business ' and backed the cut in corporation tax to 20 per cent . Mr Bannatyne 's inclusion on the list was deeply damaging for Labour -- having previously been one of the party 's most high profile backers . The TV star helped unveil a ` seaside manifesto ' with Gordon Brown before the 2010 general election . But he announced this morning that Mr Miliband 's planned raid on the super-rich -- announced this morning -- has convinced him to return . Speaking in Coventry this morning , the Labour leader promised that the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , which applies to around 116,000 people , makes Britain an ` offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ` no longer be justified ' . Former Dragons ' Den star Duncan Bannatyne this morning announced he would back Labour at the next election -- just a week after backing the Tories . Speaking in Coventry this morning , Labour leader Ed Miliband claimed the 200-year-old ` non dom ' rule makes Britain an ` offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ` no longer be justified ' The Tories warned the plan could cost Britain ` hundreds of millions of pounds ' and stopped short of scrapping the rules , despite Labour 's claims . Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on their UK income , but not earnings from overseas . They must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home . But Mr Miliband said that non-dom tests ` are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . Mr Miliband said everyone who has made Britain their permanent home should pay full UK tax on all their income and gains . He will pledge to abolish the non-dom status from April 2016 . The status , which is unique to the UK having been introduced by William Pitt the Younger in the late 18th century , is used by more than 110,000 wealthy people . Mr Bannatyne was one of the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's most prominent backers - and was wheeled out ahead of the 2010 election -LRB- above -RRB- to boost the party 's business credentials . Mr Miliband said non-dom status results from a discredited belief that ` anything goes for those at the top and that what is good for the rich is always good for Britain ' . He said : ` There are people who live here in Britain like you and me , work here in Britain , are permanently settled here in Britain like you and me , but are n't required to pay taxes like you and me because they take advantage of what has become an increasingly arcane 200-year-old loophole . ` There are now 116,000 non-doms , costing hundreds of millions of pounds to our country -- it can no longer be justified , and it makes Britain an offshore tax haven for a few . ' Non-dom status is often inherited through the father so can apply to people who were born in Britain . David Cameron - in Cornwall with his wife Samantha last night - has been accused of defending special rules for the rich . They must pay an annual fee , of up to £ 90,000 , to take advantage of the rules , which means it is only of us to the very wealthy . Newspaper reports overnight suggested that non-dom rules would be scrapped by Labour altogether . But today it emerged Labour would allow ` real temporary residents ' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on should they take power in the General Election on May 7 . Shadow chancellor Ed Balls said it should be around two or three years - not the five suggested in some reports . But it emerged that when he was a Treasury minister in the last Labour government , Mr Balls insisted that ` the majority of non-domiciled individuals who had already left the UK spent no more than five years here ' . Chancellor George Osborne said Labour 's proposals amounted to ` tinkering around the edges ' not an outright ban . ` Either they are going to abolish non-dom status altogether which would cost our country hundreds of millions of pounds in lost tax revenues and lost investment - the reason they did nothing on this during 13 years in office , ' Mr Osborne said . ` Or they are just tinkering around the edges and making small adjustments to the rules on how long people can be non-dom . ` This confusion is another reminder of why they ca n't be trusted with our economy . ' The Lib Dems said the number non-dom numbers ` exploded ' under the last Labour government and more than doubled while Mr Miliband was an adviser in the Treasury . Mr Balls told BBC Radio 4 's Today that circumstances had changed and there was now a large budget deficit to cut . ` People were saying in the middle of the last decade this will lead to people leaving the country . It 's not actually turned out to be the case , ' he said . ` The abuse is bigger than we thought . These rules are ridiculous , they are unfair , they are being abused , and I think it 's time to act . ` These were introduced in the period of the Napoleonic wars to allow people who were earning money in the colonies not to pay tax in the UK . ` That 's fine , it 's a different world now , a different time , different choices . '