Alan Pardew says Sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form Crystal Palace side than his past as Newcastle manager this Saturday . Palace beat Manchester City on Monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the Barclays Premier League 's top 10 this season . Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland , who last weekend won a fifth Tyne-Wear derby in a row , but is now only thinking about Palace . ` We 're going there in great form . The stadium will be wary of us , the 11 players on the pitch , ' Pardew said . Glenn Murray -LRB- second from right -RRB- celebrates with his team-mates after scoring against Manchester City . Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew thinks Sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side . ` Irrespective of my reception , it 's about the 11 players on the pitch and Sunderland fans know that we 're in really good form . ` The group is on a high . We have a different type of game this Saturday and we need to make the adjustment quickly . ' Pardew arrived at Selhurst Park in January with top-flight survival the target . Performances and results have surpassed expectations , but Pardew insists the Eagles must stick to the characteristics which have seen them soar to 11th place in the table . ` It is now about trying to keep our professionalism and keep on the process of what 's been winning us games , ' Pardew added . ` We have n't set an outcome target , in terms of points we 're going to get , but we have talked about the standards that we 've set and that we need to maintain those . ` If we maintain them , then our position might surprise a few . Jason Puncheon celebrates after scoring Palace 's winning goal in their 2-1 victory against champions City . Jermain Defoe scores a stunning winner for Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby against Newcastle . ` We 're three points away from the top 10 so of course it is -LRB- a realistic target -RRB- . ' Pardew believes Palace players will be viewed in a more favourable light when it comes to international honours . He said : ` All our players are going to be looked at in a kinder manner , or through a different lens to how they 've been looked at - and so they should be . ` Our form is as good as the top three or four clubs in the country and therefore they should receive the plaudits for what they 're doing . That would be only what they deserve . ' Mile Jedinak could come straight in after his four-game suspension as midfielder Joe Ledley is a doubt with a hip injury . Pardew added : ` Joe Ledley 's got a slight strain and we 'll have to monitor that . ` He 's been exceptional since I 've been here , so we 'll give him every opportunity to play . ' Pardew , after four years as Newcastle boss , knows Sunderland well and was not surprised the Black Cats turned to former Rangers and Holland boss Dick Advocaat . ` I think it was a great move for them to have someone of his experience at this time and he 's proving that , ' Pardew added . ` It 's fair to say they 've gone a little bit more direct , a little bit more positive . ` They have some good players and it 's always a difficult place to go . ` I do n't think we 're under an illusions . It 's a team coming off the back of a great victory -LRB- beating Newcastle 1-0 -RRB- and they will be buoyed for our game .