An SUV crossed a highway median and slammed into a home , killing a man and a woman who was nine months pregnant as they slept early Wednesday , according to police . Ivan Carlos , 22 , and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30 am Wednesday when the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the Park 's fence , killing the couple , police told The Bradenton Herald . Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time , the Herald reports , the fetus did not survive . Couple : Ivan Carlos , 22 -LRB- left -RRB- , Brenda Avilez , 18 -LRB- right -RRB- , and her unborn child were killed after a man crashed an SUV into the home where they slept early Wednesday . Crash : Christian Crawford , 35 , reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto . The driver , 35-year-old Christian Crawford , who had recently been released from prison , was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries , police said . The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide , according to the Herald-Tribune . Crawford is cooperating with investigators . Carlos ' brother , Christian , 21 , who lived in the home with the couple , said the two slept on a mattress inside a shed attached to the carport . He said the crash sounded like an explosion and shook the entire home . ` I came outside running , ' he told the Tribune . ` I yelled my brother 's name . I yelled ; I yelled and heard nothing . ' Both neighbors and Carlos ' family said they searched the wreckage for the couple . Neighbor Luis Urbina said the crash woke him up . ` It was like a big boom , ' he said . ` I thought it was the tree that fell . ' Released : Crawford , who had recently been released from prison , was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . Factor : The accident is being investigated as a traffic homicide and officials say there is no indication that alcohol was a factor in the wreck . He said he could hear family members screaming and he went over to help . Urbina said he and the others were able to locate the couple in the rubble and , though it was clear that Avilez was already dead , Carlos appeared to be breathing , the Herald reports . Police reportedly arrived shortly after , an officer immediately began performing CPR on Carlos with no success . Palmetto Police Chief Scott Tyler told the Herald that alcohol did not seem to be a factor and , though there were no indications that a medical condition could have caused the accident , investigators have not ruled anything out yet . Search : Both neighbors and Carlos ' family said they searched the wreckage for the couple and were able to locate the two . Due : Avilez was due to give birth to her daughter in the first week of may , the family said , they planned to have a baby shower . Carlos and Avilez had reportedly been living in the mobile home for a month . Carlos , who worked as a barber in Sarasota , planned to move into a house and open his own business , the Tribune reports . Avilez was due to give birth to her daughter in the first week of may , the family said . They planned to have a baby shower , the Herald reports . Crawford had reportedly been released from prison in August after serving nearly two years for drug convictions . The Herald reports that he was also convicted of a slew of charges including petty theft , unauthorized use of a credit card , violation of probation , possession of paraphernalia , and petty theft after prior convictions .