A pair of friends who battered a married father of two to death with extreme ` Jackass-style ' pranks and dumped his dismembered body in a lake have been jailed for life . Neill Buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye , both 36 , before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham , Essex . The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit TV show and videos found on their mobile phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals . Killed : Neill Buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned to death on March 13 , last year , by two ` friends ' Blackfriars Crown Court was told the South African was subjected to ` degrading and humiliating violence ' that had become ` casual ' in the months before his death on March 13 , last year . Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from his grandfather , a Spitfire pilot in the Battle of Britain . But he was thrown out of the family home in late 2013 after he spiralled into an alcohol addiction and moved in with Scott ` Gary ' Hunt , 42 , and other friends . Instead of providing a haven for him , the group were puerile hard-drinkers who entertained themselves with extreme pranks , which Mr Buchel was made to endure . Other videos discovered showed Quye setting fire to his own pubic hair while eating a chilli and taking shots from a BB gun . On the night of his murder Mr Buchel had been drinking in the park before returning to Quye 's flat with Kwiatkowski , who he had just met , Hunt and a fellow drinker , Alan Quinn . Jailed : Chas Quye -LRB- left -RRB- and Elvis Kwiatkowski -LRB- right -RRB- were sentenced to life in prison at Blackfriars Crown Court today . The court heard they were obsessed with the hit U.S. television show Jackass . Mr Buchel moved in with Scott ` Gary ' Hunt , 42 , -LRB- left -RRB- who was jailed for five years for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . Bradley Andison -LRB- right -RRB- , 47 , who transported the body in a 4x4 was jailed for four years . One witness described seeing Kwiatowski and Quye , brandishing a mallet , standing over Mr Buchel whose head was draped in a sheet . A post mortem found he suffered over 30 blunt force traumas that caused 35 fractures to bones around his body . The following morning the pair set about dismembering the body before enlisting the help of the apartment owner , Hunt , to help them shift the body parts . The court heard how with no means to transport of the corpse the men considered using public transport to . Ian Morley QC , defending , Quye said : ` They were contemplating at one point of using a bus to move the body . That suggests the desperation to which their minds had gone to . ' Alan Quinn , 28 , present at the time of the murder but not involved was also convicted of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and jailed for 3 years . They resorted to using a 4x4 owned by Bradley Andison , 47 , from Kent , who pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice before the trial began . The whereabouts of Mr Buchel 's corpse remained unknown for weeks after his death , until a young angler mistook his thigh for a dead fish in White Hart Lakes , Dagenham . Judge , Mr Justice Spencer , said : ` Had the body parts all sunk to the bottom of the lake and remained there it may never have been know what you did . ` This was as bad a case of its kind as it is possible to imagine . ' Jailing the pair today , the judge added : ` This was a brutal and callous murder , Neill Buchel was 39 years old when he died . ` He was a harmless and inoffensive man , he and his wife had come to this country from South Africa in 2001 with their daughter , their second daughter born here , they wanted to make a better life for themselves . ` His wife and his children never for a moment stopped loving and caring for him . ` The family 's loss has been insufferable , the girls have been deprived their father and any chance that they might one day have got back together . ' Prosecutor , Sally O'Neill QC , read a victim impact statement by his wife Sharon to the hearing . She said : ` Neill Buchel had a particular fondness for England as his grandfather had been a Spitfire pilot in the war and Neill had enjoyed the stories he used to tell . ` She described him as a loving , caring , funny person who was completely harmless and gentle . ' She said despite his trouble with booze he was `` amiable '' , he had never been a violent person and a was a peace-loving gentleman who loved his daughters . ` It was her dream as she put it that they would be able to get back together again if he got better . ' The court also heard a statement from Patricia Kell , Mr Buchel 's mother , which said : ` Not only did they kill my son but they ruthlessly took away someone who we loved and cherished . Mr Buchel -LRB- left -RRB- emigrated to the UK with his wife Sharon -LRB- right -RRB- in 2001 but he moved in with friends in late 2013 after he spiralled into an alcohol addiction . ` The awfulness of knowing that they ruthlessly chopped his body into pieces , this child who I have loved , watched grow from a baby into a man , whole in body and soul , the absolute horror of this is indescribable . ` What they saw , and watched and handled , what they desecrated so callously was a loving human being worthy of respect even after death . ' Who struck the killer blow was unknown , but Justice Spence said the was was a ` classic joint enterprise ' and both were handed the same life sentence . He added : ` Both of you must have realised straight away that Neill Buchel was badly injured and needed urgent medical treatment , but neither of you did anything to help him . ' Quye 's involvement was made ` even worse ' as he had told Mr Buchel 's 16-year-old daughter , who can not be named , the night before that he would care for her inebriated father , the judge said . Quye , who appeared in the dock with a string of rosary beads , and Kwiatkowski showed no reaction as they were ordered to serve a minimum term of 21 years and will serve the rest of their lives on licence . The judge said : ` This was an attack of great brutality and ferocity against a man who was quite unable to defend himself . Although both of you were under the influence of drugs you showed him no mercy . ' Hunt , who was represented in court by the Prime Minister 's barrister brother , Alex Cameron , QC , was jailed for five years for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice but cleared of murder . A fifth man , Alan Quinn , 28 , present at the time of Mr Buchel 's murder but not involved was also convicted of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and jailed for three years . Andison was jailed for four years and a sixth man , Colin Bushaway , 61 , was cleared of the charge and an alternative of preventing a lawful burial .