The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight 's episode of the FYI series , but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise . Jaclyn Methuen , who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' during their romantic trip to Puerto Rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride . ` She wanted to run away . I just feel pure disappointment , ' Ryan , 29 , says in a web exclusive clip from the episode . ` This sucks . This absolutely sucks . ' Scroll down for video . Hurt feelings : Jaclyn Methuen can be seen confessing to her new husband Ryan Ranellone that she wanted to be a runaway bride during a web exclusive clip from tonight 's episode of Married at First Sight . Ray-Ban Original Wayfarer Classic . Get Ashlee 's pair at Zappos ! Visit site . A pair of stylish sunglasses are an essential component of any enviable ensemble . They will instantly add a dash of elusive cool , just take a look at Jaclyn Methuen . Jaclyn is rocking quite the sophisticated get up in her tan crochet cover up over a bright bikini but it 's those Ray-Ban sunnies that really seal the sartorial deal for us . Ray-Bans are the ultimate wardrobe staple - they 're not exactly unaffordable and they instantly give you that A-list edge . Snap up Jaclyn 's pair -LRB- right -RRB- today ! Alternatively , check out similar styles -LRB- below -RRB- to steal Jaclyn 's look with a lower price tag . Our edit includes options from Forever 21 , Kate Spade , Von Zipper and Shwood , starting at just $ 7.90 . You 'll be exuding cool just like Miss Methuen in no time ! Shwood Canby Wayfarer Sunglasses at Zappos . Visit site . Forever 21 Metallic Tortoise Wayfarer Sunglasses . Visit site . Kate Spade New York Brigit Tortoise-Shell Wayfarers at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . VonZipper Booker Wayfarers at Zappos . Visit site . Just friends : The newlyweds enjoy a romantic dinner in Puerto Rico during their honeymoon , but things soon get awkward when they run out of things to talk about . And while Ryan enjoys taking in his pretty wife 's bikini body , he admits he is growing increasingly irritated with her insistence on calling him ` dude ' and ` bro ' when they are supposed to be acting like a married couple . Jaclyn , who was single for seven years before saying ` I do ' , is struggling with how she should treat her husband , who she feels is a total stranger to her . ` We 've only know each other for four days . This is uncomfortable , ' Jaclyn says in a preview of Tuesday night 's episode . Last week , the sales rep from New Jersey refused to get intimate with Ryan on the night of their wedding , but it looks like she may be slowly - but surely - coming around to her new husband after spending time with him on the exotic getaway . Nice view : Ryan enjoys checking out his new wife in a bikini , but he is growing frustrated that she is still putting him in the ` friend zone ' Small gesture : Jaclyn lets Ryan rub sunscreen on her bottom , even though she has refused to be intimate with him up until this point . The preview clip shows a bikini-clad Jaclyn having Ryan playfully apply sunscreen to her bottom - a task that he clearly did n't mind at all . But Jaclyn and Ryan are n't the only ones experiencing problems , despite being in the ` honeymoon ' period of their marriages . Jessica Castro , 30 , and Ryan DeNiro , 29 , who have been comfortable with each other from the start , argue over his choice of words on what should of have been a romantic dinner date in Key Largo . After jet-skiing and enjoying some fun in the sun , the two head to dinner , but when Jessica shows him a photo of herself with her ` Monroe ' lip piercing , she is furious with his reaction , accusing him of calling it trashy . ` You just do n't say that to a person , ' she tells him during dinner . First fight : Ryan DeNiro and Jessica Castro can be seen having arguing over dinner during their honeymoon in Puerto Rico . Really angry : A preview for the episode shows Ryan storming out of the restaurant . Marital problems : Davina Kullar looks visibly upset during her honeymoon with her new husband Sean Varricchio . But Ryan maintains that she is misconstruing his words and quickly grows frustrated with her accusations . ` I do n't want to talk about it . Do n't follow me , ' he tells his new wife as he storms out of the restaurant . Meanwhile , Davina Kullar , 34 , and Sean Varricchio , 35 , are also struggling with some relationship issues during their honeymoon to Colorado . The couple 's friends and families , particularly Davina 's are having trouble supporting their union . During the clip from tonight 's episode , Davina is crying on a ski lift , while wishing her new husband would comfort her . ` I wanted him to hold me closer , ' she tells the cameras . ` We 're not on the same page . '