There wo n't be many who can guess which Barclays Premier League player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend . Eden Hazard ? Well , he was brilliant but no . Mesut Ozil ? Haha , dream on . My favourite player , Michael Carrick ? No , not even him . Step forward Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy . I 've seen him plenty of times this season and he 's always worked extremely hard , never been lower than a 7/10 . But he added class and quality to that workrate at West Brom on Saturday and I could n't fault him . The perfect 10 . Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy celebrates scoring their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive . Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team . Jose Mourinho ? Ronald Koeman ? Sean Dyche ? Not even close ... Louis van Gaal should be crowned manager of the year . Manuel Pellegrini is punching above his weight at City ... the club MUST think big or forever remain small . Two years ago Vardy was being hammered by Leicester fans who thought he was useless . The criticism was so bad the player started to doubt himself and admits he almost gave up football . Credit to Nigel Pearson and his staff -- they supported their striker and pulled him through a tough time . A year later he was in the Premier League and picked up the Players ' Player of the Year award at the club after a prolific season . With the top flight came new signings up front for Leicester . Last summer Leonardo Ulloa arrived , and then in January it was Croatia international Andrej Kramaric , the pair setting the Foxes back £ 17million , and obviously Vardy has had to fight for his place . He 's playing on the left this season and the goals have dried up -- he 's only scored three . But he is in the team on merit . At The Hawthorns on Saturday I witnessed a match-winning performance from the most expensive player ever to come from non-League football . Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the weekend as he inspired Leicester to an unlikely victory . Credit must go to Nigel Pearson -LRB- bottom left -RRB- and his staff who supported Vardy through a tough time . It 's Vardy 's hold-up play that wins the free-kick for the first Leicester goal . His pace and persistence that hounded Joleon Lescott into giving him the ball as he drove Leicester forward and helped win the corner for the second goal . And it was his strength that won the ball off Gareth MacAuley on the halfway line - then you can only admire his storming surge towards goal and the quality finish as he rifles the ball into the back of the net for the winner in injury time , embarrassing Lescott again . When Leicester were n't in possession Vardy was chasing everything . When they had the ball , his movement was good -- he took up a great position when Ulloa missed a sitter just before half-time . When Vardy himself was on the ball , he usually had an impact , in spectacular style at the end . I do n't think he 's the best player in the Premier league , I do n't think he 's good enough for England . And who knows if Leicester can survive this season . But what I saw on Saturday was 10 out of 10 from Jamie Vardy . Good on you lad . Vardy is not world class or England material yet but put in a brilliant performance on Saturday for Leicester .