Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child just days after a video surfaced of the elite athlete training while eight months pregnant . The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team 's Twitter , and Pittman 's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition . Pittman 's seven-year-old son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily , who was introduced to her mother 's athletic ability while still in the womb . Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child , a daughter named Emily . The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team 's Twitter . Footage of the heavily pregnant hurdler showed Pittman doing a training run on Sunday , just a day before going into labour , reported 9news . Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday , reported The Brisbane Times . The 32-year-old plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics , which means that she was chose to incorporate training into her pregnancy right up until the final trimester . Pittman continued to train while she was pregnant with Cornelis , and won her second world title for hurdles seven months after he was born in 2006 . The athlete 's coach , Mike Hurst , said that Pittman trained every second day and was careful to monitor her core temperature throughout her training program . The 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 Rio Olympics the day before she went into labour . The 32-year-old plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics . ` Jana said when she came to train that she wanted to go to Rio and she was trying to get pregnant . That was the plan from the outset and that was how she has managed it , ' he told The Brisbane Times . ` Jana is a two-time world champion and she is doing third-year medicine and one of her interests is in obstetrics . She has been very careful in how she has managed her training . ' ` She also knew her body and said some days she could not train , ' Mr Hurst said . Pittman 's new daughter was conceived with an IVF donor , and opened up about her second child to Woman 's Day , telling the publication this week that she feels ` extraordinarily lucky . ' ` I ca n't wait to meet my baby girl , she 's my little miracle ! ' She turned to IVF to conceive her second child , falling pregnant with an anonymous sperm donor , before she met her current partner James Gurr . According to her website , Jana 's ` success key ' is her son Cornelis -LRB- right -RRB- , who she says changed her life . New addition : Olympian Jana Pittman , pictured here with her son , has confirmed that she is four months pregnant with her second child . In her element : The 32-year-old used an anonymous sperm donor to help conceive her baby girl . According to her website , Jana 's ` success key ' is her son , who she says changed her life . ' -LSB- He -RSB- gave me perspective on what is truly important , ' she writes , adding that he is her number one fan . The 32-year-old plans to be back in training in just three weeks , and will continue to work towards her goal of competing in the 400 metre hurdles in Beijing and Rio . Last year , Pittman became the first Australian woman to compete in both the summer and winter Olympics , after competing as part of the women 's bobsleigh team in Sochi , Russia . Her coach is confident that she is fitter than ever and credits her commitment to returning to train straight after last year 's winter Olympics .