A husband has penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother . Steven Nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at home . ` I do n't at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes . ` I 'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks I 'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms . ' Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra . ` On the contrary , I mean that I quite literally can not afford my wife to be staying at home . ' Nelms told the Independent Journal Review that his wife , Glorianna , stays at home with the couple 's two-year-old son Ezra because of high child care costs . But Nelms said working has always been a part of Gloriana 's life , who had been employed since she was 14 and was contributing to her family 's income when she was 17 . ` Getting a paycheck was significant part of feeling valued and appreciated for all the hard work she did to provide for herself and help her family , ' he sad . So Nelms , from Plano , Texas , decided to write an essay , which was posted on We Are Glory , in which he would break-down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family . ` Yes , my wife is my son 's mother and it is a natural result of being a parent to love and care for your own child , ' he writes . ` There is also a very quantifiable dollar amount that can be attributed to the services rendered . ' ` I am in no way trying to simplify , objectify , or devalue the priceless love of a mother for her child , ' he wrote . ` But let 's be real . Pay day feels good for a reason . Because you 're seeing your hard work appreciated in a tangible way that lets you `` treat yo self '' ' . In the essay Nelms says he ` ca n't afford ' his wife to be a stay-at-home mother , and then breaks down the monetary value of all that she provides . ` I would have to make over $ 100k to even begin to be able to cover my living expenses as well as employ my wife as a Stay-At-Home Mom ! ' he writes . Nelms said that he felt ` ashamed ' for every time his wife felt she did n't have ` as much right to our income as I do ' and that his income ` does n't even come close to covering what she does for our family ' Nelms estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $ 36,660 a year , the annual-salary for a full-time nanny . He also estimates this his wife does $ 5,200 worth of cleaning a year , $ 12,480 of cooking , and $ 13,520 for buying groceries and running errands . After adding that his wife helps deal with the family 's finances and does the laundry , he concludes that his wife 's annual salary should be $ 73,960 . ` I would have to make over $ 100k to even begin to be able to cover my living expenses as well as employ my wife as a Stay-At-Home Mom ! ' he writes . ` In short , I ca n't afford for my wife to stay at home . And I 've tragically failed to show my wife the appreciation that she deserves . ' Nelms admits in the essay that he has felt ` ashamed ' every time he has ever made his wife feel guilty of humored when she has bought something for herself . ` I am ashamed that she has ever felt like she does n't have just as much right to our income as I do . The fact of the matter is that our income does n't even come close to covering what she does for our family . ' ` She loves me , loves our son , and loves our family , so obviously she is n't doing any of those things for a paycheck or even for recognition . ' ` But it certainly does n't hurt to know that as a Stay-At-Home Mom her appraised salary is nearly double my actual income . ' Nelms concludes the essay by telling his wife ` you are more precious than rubies . ' Nelms concludes the essay by telling his wife ` you are more precious than rubies '