This is the moment an aeroplane touched down on a runway without deploying its landing gear and skidded along the runway on its belly . Captured in Fort Pierce , Florida , the shocking footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark . Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation . The light general aviation aircraft approaches the Aero Acres residential airpark and touches down without its landing gear deployed . He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac . Its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact . Suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air . The plane 's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact . The video maker can be heard saying that the plane 's propellers have been damaged in the collision with the runway and that more than likely , the pilot will crash . He later said : ` I was walking down the flight line of aircraft that flew in for the day , which is close to the main runway and noticed this light twin aircraft coming in low . ` I noticed he did not have his landing gear down and thought he was going to do a fly-by , but then noticed the power was pulled back with the aircraft approaching for a landing with no landing gear . The plane scratches along the runway and the video maker describes the sound as ` one you will not forget ' ` The belly and tips of the propellers impacted the runway -LRB- the sound of the propellers hitting the surface was one sound you will not forget -RRB- . ` Once the pilot realized his mistake , he gave what appeared to be full throttle and both propellers pulled the front of the aircraft down with the propellers making a second impact with the runway . ` Somehow the engines stayed on and running and the pilot was able to regain control while leaving the airport . The video maker noted that once the pilot realized his mistake he began re-engaging the engine . He added : ` It 's amazing the aeroplane engines did not get destroyed during the propellers impact and the pilot did not stall during the forced take-off with the high angle of attack and damaged propellers . ' According to WPBF 25 News , the plane 's pilot , Chris Georgaklis , 85 , managed to fly 100 miles to Fort Lauderdale after the incident and landed safely . Mr Georgaklis is said to have flown for almost 50 years and was accompanied on the trip by his dog , Buddy . People look on as the damaged aircraft takes off from the runway and flies 100 miles to Fort Lauderdale , where it landed safely . The most common cause of a gear-up landing , also known as a belly landing or pancake landing , is human error -- when the pilot simply forgets to deploy the landing gear before touchdown . Another cause is mechanical fault , when an electric motor or a hydraulic actuator fails . The FAA is said to be investigating the incident .