An unknown illustrator who films her every move and interacts with strangers for hours at a time has become one of the internet 's biggest celebrities - and she 's only been online for 29 days . Amanda Oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of Periscope , Twitter 's new live broadcasting platform and has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . Branded the Kim Kardashian of the social platform , when the brunette starts a live stream , thousands of Periscope users around the globe stop what they 're doing to watch . Scroll down for video . Amanda Orleander , broadcasting live from her bedroom , is the emerging star of Periscope . In a recent broadcast , Amanda addressed her audience via her iPhone from her LA bedroom : ` Do you know the power that we have ? Do you guys understand what is happening . ` This is crazy ! ' Amanda continued during her bedroom broadcast , and before she has even taken a breath , hundreds of hearts flutter on to her screen - more tokens of ` love ' from the thousands of people watching . Last month , the art graduate was going about her anonymous life as an illustrator for entertainment site E! Online but her Periscope broadcasts , which show her going about her daily business in LA , have catapulted her into the limelight . And so far she has had little competition from ` real ' celebrities . Ellen DeGeneres is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind Amanda with a mere three million ` loves ' . ` This is like a reality show , but it 's not scripted , ' Amanda tells her thousands of viewers continuing her bedroom broadcast . ` Before this happened I always thought I 'd love to share my life with more people because I 'm always up to really spontaneous things . ' Amanda mulls over the day during a live broadcast , whilst she chats to the viewers messaging her -LRB- which appear on left of screen -RRB- . So far she has been ` loved ' 7.5 million times , shown by hearts on the right . The new app not only allows users to stream live video to anyone on Earth who wants to watch , but allows viewers to chat to the broadcaster in real time by typing messages that pop up on screen . So Amanda 's monologue is peppered with shout-outs and answers to questions from her viewers . ` Hey Charles , ' she says acknowledging a new follower . ` I was going to sleep when I thought about this last broadcast . Arlene you 're funny ! ' she continues in reference to a message , then ` You 're so beautiful ' pops up from @Arlene . ` I do n't know how many of you saw me tonight , ' she says . ` We randomly talked to my neighbour , then I went to see my friend Yonatan . Then I met with a Periscope follower for the first time . ' A little yellow square with the message ` Show us your boobs ' flashes up on screen . ` Why would you do that ? ' she adds . ` Now you 're blocked forever . ' A live webcam platform , may seem to have porn written all over but users wo n't be flashing anything X-rated during broadcasts - nudity is banned . Although bought by Twitter in January for close to $ 100million -LRB- £ 67million -RRB- , Periscope is a tech mash-up of selfies , social networking and reality TV , only launched last month , . Twitching curtains to peek at the neighbours may still be a ` no ' but watching Amanda randomly go about her day ? That 's ` way cool ' , to quote the star herself . And like all the best social networking platforms , the content need not be thrilling to grab considerable global attention . In the last 24 hours , Amanda has broadcast some mundane errands , some sitting in traffic in her Prius -LRB- phone in recording mode balanced on her dash board , of course -RRB- and a random chat with her neighbour . Periscope allows people to live-stream video from their phones to their Twitter followers with the click of a button . The Periscope team outlined a range of possibilities for the service , including how it can turn any smartphone user into a global reporter . In the last 24 hours , Amanda has broadcast herself going on mundane errands , sitting in traffic in her Prius -LRB- phone in recording mode balanced on her dash board , of course -RRB- and a random chat with her neighbour . Five hours before her bedtime round-up , Amanda was broadcasting live from an LA bar , watching her friend Yonatan perform the bass guitar . ` I 'm drinking water . I do n't like to drink alcohol , ' Amanda tells viewers in answer to their questions , before introducing some followers she 's come across at the bar . ` Hey we 're double Persicoping , ' she says capturing her new friends waving their phones in the air capturing her capturing them . But it 's all too much - even for Amanda . ` We 're going to get off the phone soon so we can enjoy each others ' real company , ' she says . What will today hold for Amanda when she wakes up in a few hours time ? Judging by today , perhaps a trip to the post office , a bit of sitting in traffic and a lot of mulling over the wonders of her new found mutual love for Periscope . Sound thrilling ? Do n't be shy to admit it . Millions agree . Amanda broadcasting live from an LA bar . ` I 'm drinking water . I do n't like to drink alcohol , ' she tells viewers in answer to questions about what she 's drinking . Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of Periscope , Twitter 's iPhone app , which is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news , there are already a concerning number of users , particularly women , reporting that they have been sexually harassed , or trolled . Justin Esgar , App Developer of the app Goodnight , told FEMAIL that because Periscope ` allows users to share even more of their intimate lives with each other than ever before ' , there are ` apparent dangers ' that users have to consider before accessing it . Special features : The app , which is owned by Twitter , allows users to follow certain people -LRB- L -RRB- and scroll through a ` Watch ' feed of live videos -LRB- R -RRB- . Emma Barker , sex and relationships editor at Cosmopolitan.com , noted that the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app 's settings in order to sexually harass women - including one of her female friends . She explained that her friend recently tried out the app by sharing a conversation she was having with her female roommate . They were fully clothed , sitting on a couch and casually conversing , yet ` within the first 20 seconds the first comment popped up ' , asking for the women to ` show butt ' . While neither of them were speaking in an even remotely sexual manor , the lewd comments continued to pour in and included phrases such as : ` Show boobs ' , ` Age ? ' and ` I would soooo swipe right on both -LSB- sic -RSB- ! ' Streaming revolution : Periscope , an iPhone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet , launched last Thursday . One particularly creepy user asked : ` Do you get out of the shower to pee ? ' According to Periscope 's community guidelines , the app prohibits ` pornographic or overtly sexual content ' as well as ` explicitly graphic content or media that is intended to incite violent , illegal or dangerous activities ' . And while a spokesperson for the app told Emma that Periscope has a team dedicated to content review , there does n't appear to be anything specific being done to prevent sexual commentary and online harassment . The app 's policies are , unsurprisingly , similar to Twitter , which is currently testing out a ` quality filter ' that monitors and removes threats and offensive language out of users notifications feeds . It 's not clear as to whether or not Periscope will be given a similar screening system .