Sweden 's passport has been named the most powerful in the world , but it turns out it 's also one of the most highly sought-after travel documents on the black market . The latest research suggests Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading , as there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder . They can sell for as much as £ 6,000 each -- far more than the £ 28 fee that Sweden 's government charges for new or renewed travel documents . Sweden 's passport was among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market . The findings are contained in a new GoEuro infographic which ranks the world 's most powerful passports and takes a look at quirky facts . When placed under an ultraviolet light a Canadian passport displays colourful images on its pages , including the Parliament building in Ottawa . The Finnish passport displays a walking moose when the pages are flipped , while the cover of Belgium 's passports offer three different sequences of languages , starting with Dutch , French or German . Meanwhile , the British passport is also one of the most powerful travel documents on the planet , but it does n't come cheap . Britons have one of the most powerful passports in the world , allowing visa-free access to 174 countries . The study suggests that UK travellers are paying some of the highest passport costs in the world , with fees being far less in places such as Afghanistan , the United Arab Emirates , Czech Republic , China and Russia . Research by travel website GoEuro found that the British passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study , and it takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay it off . The UAE has the most affordable passport at just £ 9 , while Turkey has the most expensive at £ 166 , said Berlin-based GoEuro . Based on its research the travel website named Sweden 's passport the most powerful in the world . It allows visa-free entry into 174 countries -- the same as Finland , Germany , the UK and the US -- but was ranked No 1 by the website due to its cost . Swedes pay just £ 28 for a passport , with GoEuro claiming that it takes only one hour for the average worker to pay it off . Sweden does n't have a legal minimum wage , and salaries are determined through collective bargaining . When cost is used as the deciding factor , the UK passport is the fourth most powerful in the world -- behind Sweden , Finland and Germany -- with a fee of £ 73 . In Liberia , it would take a worker earning minimum wage 278 hours to pay off the country 's £ 33 passport . And it appears travellers around the world would love to get their hands on a UK passport . In a recent poll 20 per cent of those surveyed said they would choose a UK passport if they could get an extra nationality in addition to their own , even though it is one of the most expensive in the world . It was followed by passports for the US -LRB- 18 per cent -RRB- , Switzerland -LRB- 17 per cent -RRB- , Germany -LRB- 10 per cent -RRB- and Canada and Australia with nine per cent each .