Masters Wednesday began on a sombre note when Australian Marc Leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman Adam Scott , had to withdraw . His wife Audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection . Leishman left Augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport . Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife . Masters chairman Billy Payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women 's Masters . ` We have a very short member season at Augusta National of seven months , ' he explained . ` The time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of the tournament is already extensive . I do n't think we would ever host another one . ' Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women 's Masters despite talking about growing the game . It 's well-known the garish surroundings outside Augusta National contrast markedly with the beauty within . But maybe that 's about to change . After buying up all the houses on adjacent Berckmans Road and turning it into a patrons ' car park , Masters chairman Billy Payne is promising a ` beautification ' project . ` As you know , we 're pretty good at landscaping , ' he said . ` It 's going to look nice , I promise . ' Mr Unpopular Bubba Watson can surely not have upset anyone with his choice of menu for the Champions Dinner on Tuesday . Clearly he enjoyed it so much two years ago he decided to stick with the same inoffensive offering : Caesar salad followed by grilled chicken breast with green beans , mashed potatoes , macaroni and cheese and cornbread . Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour by his fellow professionals . Favourite pic of the week so far ? It might well be Arnold Palmer , clad in his green jacket , snapped under the Oak Tree in front of the clubhouse alongside Niall Horan , the keen golf-playing member of One Direction but better known in these parts as Rory McIlroy 's par three caddy . Talk about a game that spans the generations . Arnold Palmer shakes hands with Niall Horan ahead of the 79th instalment of the Masters . The famous Eisenhower Tree on the 17th hole might have gone following an ice storm last year but it has certainly not been forgotten . The club unveiled a mounted cross-section of the tree that will remain on show in the press building this week before being presented to the Eisenhower Library in Kansas for permanent display . The tree was named after the American President after he kept hitting it with his drives . A section of the Eisenhower tree is displayed during a news conference at the Masters . Jack Nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth in the Par-3 contest . But he could n't match Colombian Camilo Villegas who recorded two , at the fourth and eighth . Camilo Villegas recorded two aces during the Par-3 contest , beating Jack Nicklaus ' solitary hole-in-one .