There seems to be an app for everything these days and nowhere is this more obvious than in the food industry where developers seem to be releasing new ones almost daily . There are apps that help you choose the best wines , tell you the best places to eat dinner , and sometimes even nudge you in the right direction when it comes to planning your evening meal . But with thousands on the market , how do you know which ones are the best ? Planning your meals need never be a chore again with these ten apps . Where Chefs Eat -LRB- left -RRB- has more than 3,000 chef recommendations . Love Food Hate Waste -LRB- right -RRB- will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys . From apps which tell you where to get free cocktails to those that show you how to make the most of leftovers , Femail has picked the ten every foodie should have . Where Chefs Eat , £ 10.99 iOS . With more than 3,000 chef recommendations from some of the world 's leading professionals including Rene Redzepi of Noma and David Chang of Momofuku , this app covers everything from neighbourhood eateries to high-end restaurants . It will tell you exactly where to go for the best eggs in London , the most perfectly cooked steaks in New York and reveal secret dining spots of the superstars of the culinary world . Jamie Oliver 's Recipes , free , iOS and Android . Jamie Oliver 's app comes with easy recipes . The celebrity chef 's really useful app comes with easy-to-follow recipes and videos , an excellent search tool , dietary tagging and spot-on cooking times . There are also easy how-to-guides to help master kitchen skills . Love Food Hate Waste , free , iOS and Android . Keep track of food budgets , meal planning and making the most of leftovers with this free app . The My Kitchen feature is particularly useful as it stores details of all the foods you 've got in your fridge - and will warn you if you are about to buy duplicate ingredients . There are also recipes , a portion planner and a daily meal planner . British Street Food , free , iOS and Android . A revolutionary app with live GPS maps to show who 's trading where and when , this app shows off the best street food in Britain , detailing where the best traders in the country are . The interactive element allows users to upload photos and review their food . Drinki , free , iOS and Android . Searching for free cocktails ? Download this nifty app , which exchanges Facebook check-ins for gratis drinks . There are 60 bars registered in London , Manchester and Liverpool with plans for expansions to other cities in the works . A version for the boys , Drinko , is also being planned . iFood plus , £ 2.99 , iOS . A complete shopping and meal planning app which helps you create recipes and meal plans complete with servings and calorie information . Search for the best street food vendors in Britain with British Street Food -LRB- left -RRB- and book a table for dinner at any of OpenTable 's -LRB- right -RRB- 32,000 restaurants worldwide . Smartmeal , £ 2.68 , iOS . Easily calculate the nutritional values contained in your meals to feed yourself balanced meals . The app contains nutritional values of almost 350 foods which can be preconfigured by individual users to add new ingredients or edit existing ones . There is also the option to add recipes , after which the app will calculate the quantity of ingredients needed for the correct number of servings . There is also a function which calculates the calories you burn when exercising , which takes into account your physical attributes and the amount of time you spend working out . Berry 's Wine List , free . Berry Bros & Rudd is Britain 's oldest wine and spirit merchant so there is a wealth of information here awaiting the connoisseur . There are tasting notes and maturity guides for more than 4,000 wines , which can be browsed through by wine name , wine region , producer and grape . There is also a dedicated spirit section and a virtual wine school with valuable tasting techniques , food and wine matching tips and serving advice . Wine lovers will appreciate the exhaustive list of vino on the Berry Bros. app -LRB- left -RRB- while those looking for free cocktails should download Drinki -LRB- right -RRB- . OpenTable , free . Discover , explore , book and manage restaurant bookings at anytime . There are over 32,000 restaurants worldwide on this app and the search function is second to none ; key in party size , date , time , cuisine , price or distance and a tightly-curated list of suggestions will be presented to you . Users are rewarded with points and there is also a special offers section . Fromage , £ 2.29 on ios . You can create personal cheese notes , rate your cheeses from one to five stars , add them to favourite lists and even record your tasting impressions on this app . There is also a cheese library with a comprehensive list of all the cheeses on offer in the world . And if you discover a cheese that has yet to be listed in the app , simply send it through the ` Share ' feature to the app developer for inclusion in future versions of Fromage .