As the fashion crowd took their seats and the lights went down for the We Are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show in Sydney on Tuesday night , things took an unusual turn . The catwalk was replaced with a tennis court , the front row with stadium seating , and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight . Instead , four strong , muscular women sashayed onto the grass , and proceeded to stretch and bend their bodies into yoga poses . Lindy Klim , along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk , Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett , and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp , wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses . Scroll down for video . Fit for fashion : Lindy Klim -LRB- left -RRB- , Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp -LRB- centre left -RRB- and former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk -LRB- centre right -RRB- , and Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett -LRB- right -RRB- starred at the We Are Handsome Activewear show . Strong is the new sexy : The show on Tuesday night was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington and featured real life fitness influencers . Let 's get physical : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Lindy , Sjana , and Amanda opened the show with a performance of stretching and yoga poses . Fit for fashion : The ` models ' showcased the colourful creations along with sunglasses from Clearly . Strike a pose : Former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter turned yogi Amanda Bisk opened the show which celebrated strong women . Bendy : Sjana , who boasts 680,000 Instagram followers , showed off her yoga skills . The show opening made clear : We Are Handsome are celebrating strong , healthy shapes - the type of people they have designed their new Activewear collection for . The models included ballerinas and sprinters , while Samantha Harris also made an appearance . They carried tennis rackets , volleyballs , and skipping ropes as they walked the border of the tennis court showcasing high-tech sports-luxe fabrications . Influencers : Lindy Klim -LRB- left -RRB- and Sjana Earp -LRB- right -RRB- , both fitness enthusiasts , modelled wares from We Are Handsome 's new Activewear range . Daily Mail Australia spoke to the ` models ' ahead of the show , which was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington . Lindy Klim was excited to be returning to the ` catwalk ' for the first time in nine years , and since becoming a mother . The beautiful 37-year-old said she was n't nervous despite being absent from the runway in nearly a decade , and the age difference between herself and the other participants . ` I 'm quite comfortable with myself . I 'm older than most girls here but ` I 'm quite comfortable with my body and exercise a lot so it 's a good fit , ' she said , adding that the We Are Handsome message aligned with her health and fitness philosophies . Fashion Week star Samantha Harris was one of the few ` traditional ' models in the show . Athletic : The brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models . Klim told DMA that there is a start contrast in her fitness and diet habits when she is in Australia versus her life at home in Bali . ` I exercise in Bali for two hours a day , but then when I 'm in Australia I do n't exercise at all , ' she revealed , adding that in Australia she struggles to find the time in her schedule . ` My diet in Bali is a lot healthier in Bali than it is in Australia . It 's so much easier to eat really healthy food there , it 's all organic , locally grown food . ` We do n't snack in Bali either - we do n't have chips and lollies and things , so I find it a lot easier to eat over there . ` When I 'm in Australia I love to go out to restaurants , drink red wine , and i do that a lot during Fashion Week as well as its so social . ' Sjana Earp told DMA that she thought there had been a mistake when she was asked to model in a Fashion Week show . Yogis on the field : Flow Athletic co-owner Kate Kendall -LRB- left -RRB- and pole vaulter turned yogi Amanda Bisk -LRB- right -RRB- had starring roles in the show . Lifestyle : Speaking to Daily Mail Australia , Lindy revealed that she works out for two hours a day at home in Bali , and finds it a lot easier to eat healthily there than in Australia , where her social life sees her out for dinner most nights . The 20-year-old has a huge following on Instagram , where 680,000 followers are glued to her daily yoga poses . ` At first I was confused and double checked it was for runway , ' she said . ` I was told fitness influencers were involved , so that was exciting , then I realised it was different from ` normal modelling ' . ' -LSB- We Are Handsome -RSB- have picked up on the fact social media has such a power for advertising . ` We 're all just regular girls , I think that we 're helping to promote a healthy body image . Fitness is n't one shape or size , so we 're empowering one another and celebrating every single , shape , size and sport . ' ` Girls who are active are the new shape ' : We Are Handsome design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers told Daily Mail Australia that they chose girls who embodied the healthy lifestyle for the show . We Are Handsome design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice . ` There 's a big thing about `` who should be on the runway '' so we know we 're breaking rules by having girls that have never been on a catwalk before -LRB- and who are nervous about it -RRB- , ' Katinka told Daily Mail Australia . ` But the rules are there to be broken , times have changed and girls who are active are the new shape . Strong really is the new sexy . ' ` A lot of the girls are very big on Instagram and encourage people to follow in their active foot steps , so we have chosen experienced yogis , a ballerina , a sprinter and pole vaulter and people who embody healthy eating too , ' said Jeremy .