Michael Owen surprised television viewers and pundits alike by completely dismissing Charlie Adam 's 66-yard strike against Chelsea as a potential Goal of the Season contender . Revealing his controversial standpoint on BT Sport 's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday , the former England international striker sparked a debate between his colleagues in the studio . ` I think if you asked a hundred footballers in general to go and try to re-enact them -LSB- each of the four superb goals from Adam , Bobby Zamora , Wayne Rooney and Jermain Defoe last weekend -RSB- the next day , I think more people would be able to kick the ball far and straight . ' Michael Owen sparked a debate whilst speaking alongside former Liverpool team-mate Steve McManaman . The former England striker said he did n't believe Charlie Adam 's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season . Owen 's comments surprised his colleagues on BT Sport 's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday . Owen , who scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool , Real Madrid , Newcastle , Manchester United and Stoke , appreciated a degree of expertise to execute such a shot but was minimally impressed . ` Just one long kick . There 's a lot of skill in it , but Goal of the Season ? Do me a favour ! ' Co-anchor and ex-player Robbie Savage waded in following Owen 's outburst , and former Liverpool star and fellow pundit Steve McManaman was not far behind . ` You -LSB- Owen -RSB- scored a thousand goals and you could n't do it , ' former Leicester midfielder Savage added . ` You 're talking about 100 footballers , ' McManaman highlighted , ` and we could n't do what Charlie Adam did -LRB- pointing to Savage , Owen and himself -RRB- . ' Charlie Adam -LRB- centre -RRB- lets fly from inside his own half as he scores one of the goals of his career at Chelsea . Adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half . Refusing to back down 35-year-old Owen remained resolute : ` The only reason you could n't and potentially could n't -LSB- score a goal like Adam -RSB- is because you could n't reach -LSB- the goal -RSB- . You could kick the ball hard and far ... it 's just whether you could do it that far . ' ` So we could n't do it ! ' McManaman confirmed . Clearly feeling backed into a corner by his cohorts Owen pointed at Savage : ` He could n't score Rooney 's -LSB- turn and volley against Aston Villa -RSB- . ' ` I could , ' Savage barked . ` I could score Defoe 's -LSB- long range volley against Newcastle -RSB- . I 've scored Defoe 's for Wales . Twice . Two worldies . ' QPR 's Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- gets in front of Joleon Lescott to score against West Brom last Saturday . Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- smashes home to seal a vital derby win for Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Wayne Rooney swivels to blast a right-footed shot into the top corner of Aston Villa 's net on Saturday . Responding to the comments about his strike at Stamford Bridge , Scotland international Adam hit back at his skeptic . Taking to his personal Twitter account the 29-year-old wrote : ' @themichaelowen was a great player in his day but if he even thought about it his hamstring would go . . ' Upon finding out , Owen 's claws were still well and truly out . ` He could n't run fast enough to pull his hamstring could Charlie ' . We await Adam 's response with bated breath .