A company has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott . Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , Louie the Fly , along with ' #putyourdressout ' , which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott . The post was accompanied by the caption : ` Even a nasty bug like me can sense it 's been a sad week for our great country.I 'm putting my vest out to support # putyourdressout . Enjoy this Sunday with your family . It 's precious . ' Mortein has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott . The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . ` There 's a time and a place for everything , and Mortein had no place in posting an ad tying into Stephanie Scott , ' one user tweeted . ` Tasteless decision by the social marketing team , ' another said . Another post said the post was a ` rubbish ' effort to use ` a grassroots social media movement for a murdered woman for social relevance ' and the brand is ` jumping on a bandwagon ' . A spokeswoman for Mortein told Daily Mail Australia the post has since been removed , and apologised for any offence caused . ` A majority of our audience responded favorably but in hindsight it is not a conversation we should have engaged in . We have removed the post , ' the spokeswoman said . The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . Another post said the post was a ` rubbish ' effort to use ` a grassroots social media movement for a murdered woman for social relevance ' and the brand is ` jumping on a bandwagon ' The post has been ` liked ' almost 700 times , and been shared a further 100 times . However , comments on the original Facebook post appeared to be mostly in support of the picture . It has been ` liked ' almost 700 times , and been shared a further 100 times . ` That 's sweet of you Louie , you 're a good fly , ' one person commented . Police discovered the body of a female at a national park on Friday . It is believed it is murdered school teacher Stephanie Scott . Ms Scott was due to marry her partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday . The account also has a track record of associating itself with trends , including the recent death of cricketing icon Richie Benaud . It has also posted cartoons linked with Australia 's Cricket World Cup victory , the release of Apple 's iWatch , Netflix 's Australian launch , and Mardi Gras celebrations in Sydney . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .