Ventura County prosecutors dropped their case against a woman accused of killing her Olympic medalist husband then turned around and filed new charges on Friday . The move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of Dave Laut , the Ventura County Star reports . It came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial . Jane Laut had been free on bail but was rearrested in the court hallway after the hearing . Double jeopardy : Jane Laut was arrested and charged in 2009 -LRB- left -RRB- for the murder of her husband David Laut . The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom . Murder ? The couple were high school sweethearts married 29 years . Prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their California home the night of August 28 , 2009 . Self-defense ? Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs . Her attorney Ron Bamieh called the prosecution 's move ` unprofessional ' and ` pretty much unprecedented ' in a murder case . ` Complete chicken s *** . It 's just complete chicken s *** practice of law , ' Bamieh said outside the courtroom . Her husband , who won a bronze medal in the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles , was shot several times in the head on the night of August 28 , 2009 in their yard in Oxnard , a coastal city 60 miles northwest of Los Angeles . He was declared dead at the scene . Jane Laut 's attorney called it a ` self-defense case , ' apparently contradicting police reports of her statements at the time of the killing . They were high school sweethearts and married for 29 years . Jane Laut had told investigators immediately after the shooting that he went to the backyard to check out suspicious sounds , and she heard shots fired , police said . Police initially said Laut may have been killed by prowlers , but a few days later said the killing was not random . Bamieh , who was hired by Jane Laut shortly after the killing , told the Ventura County Star after the arrest that she wrestled the gun from an abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs . ` She was left with no choice but to defend herself and her child with that gun , ' Bamieh told the newspaper . ` It 's not a question of who the shooter was , it 's a question of the intent of the shooter . ' Laut 's trial had already been postponed multiple times . When the judge denied a motion from the prosecution that the trial be continued until June , prosecutors chose to drop the charges and refile . Deputy District Attorney Rameen Minoui said his witnesses would not be available for trial in the current window , People reported , and he accused the defense of withholding discovery . David Laut , who won a bronze medal in the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles , was shot several times in the head on the night of August 28 , 2009 .