Cristiano Ronaldo did n't have too much joy with his trademark free-kicks during Real Madrid 's victory over neighbours Atletico this week - but it did n't stop him from showing his compassionate side . The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece , but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong . In the white-hot atmosphere of the Santiago Bernabeu prior to Wednesday night 's second-leg Champions League quarter-final , when every minute of preparation is key , there was still time for Ronaldo to display a small but heartfelt act of kindness . Cristiano Ronaldo shows his delight after Real Madrid finally broke the deadlock against rivals Atletico . But it was a different story before the game as Ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a supporter . After completing his warm-up routine Ronaldo went over to the touchline and lifted off his training shirt . After receiving the forward 's shirt the young supporter was clearly overcome with emotion at the kind act . As the former Manchester United forward trained his sights with long-range attempts , one effort flew wide of the target and into the crowd , striking a young supporter in the front row . Ronaldo winced as he realised the extent of the damage his shot had caused but was ordered to continue preparing for the crucial tie with the rest of Carlo Ancelotti 's group . Video courtesy of Sport1 , The Netherlands . Once the final sprint drill had been completed , however , the 30-year-old made a dash for the supporter and removed his training shirt . In a classy gesture , Ronaldo offered the young boy the warm-up garment as a consolation for being on the receiving end of his venomous shot . Unsurprisingly , the young Madridista was star-struck by the warm deed , becoming teary-eyed at the unexpected turn of events . Madrid made hard work of a well-drilled Atletico side , but it was poster-boy Ronaldo 's pass into Javier Hernandez that killed off the valiant attempts of Diego Simeone 's 10 men in the 88th minute of the local affair - much to the delight of the stricken fan and the majority of those at the Bernabeu . Ronaldo 's training shirt can be seen scrunched up in the hands of the star-struck supporter on the sideline .