Mouldy food was discovered in a restaurant by inspectors after a diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £ 15,000 in fines for the ` dangerous ' owner . Council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss , East Yorkshire - and owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations . Officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date . Shocking : Officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy -LRB- above -RRB- and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date . In addition , raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination , Beverley Magistrates ' Court was told . Inspectors - who first visited in January 2014 - also found kitchen equipment was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair , and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning . Meanwhile food safety systems , monitoring checks and procedures were not in place - and food handlers were found to consistently demonstrate a lack of understanding of food safety issues . Crossfield , 52 , of Elvington , North Yorkshire - whom magistrates branded ` foolish ' - also admitted failing to comply with a hygiene improvement notice requiring food hygiene training for his staff . Mouldy food and dirty floor : Inspectors found kitchen equipment at The Steer Inn was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning . Crossfield said he was the sole director of The Steer Inn -LRB- Pocklington -RRB- Ltd and had admitted he had taken over the running of the premises with no knowledge of running a kitchen or a restaurant . He said he had been worked in pubs and bars ` with no problems before ' and he had been ` naive ' and had been led to believe the chef had the right qualifications relating to food hygiene . Crossfield told the court that The Steer Inn had ceased trading on New Year 's Eve 2014 and that he was in the process of liquidating the company , which had no assets . Chair of the bench Graham McDonald told him : ` These were appalling offences . People could have become seriously ill or even died as a result of salmonella . East Yorkshire restaurant : The company was fined £ 8,500 , plus costs of £ 1,392 and a victim surcharge of £ 120 . Its owner was individually fined £ 2,750 , as well as costs of £ 1,392 and a £ 120 victim surcharge . ` Your naivety was dangerous and the fact you relied on your chef was extremely foolish . ' The company was fined £ 8,500 , plus costs of £ 1,392 and a victim surcharge of £ 120 . Crossfield was individually fined £ 2,750 , as well as costs of £ 1,392 and a £ 120 victim surcharge . Paul Abbott , manager for public protection at East Riding of Yorkshire Council , said : ` The council 's food safety team had offered considerable advice to the food business operator of the premises in an attempt to produce safe food but despite being rated a zero under the food hygiene rating scheme , he had failed to make meaningful improvements . He added that the council ` will always try to work with businesses to ensure the food they sell is safe and they are compliant with the relevant legislation ' .