He is known for being meticulous in his preparations for major tennis tournaments . But when it comes to the biggest event in his life , Andy Murray is happy to take a back seat . The 2013 Wimbledon champion and Olympic gold medalist has revealed he has left the vast majority of planning next week 's wedding to his fiancée , Kim Sears . Scroll down for video . Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week - he is pictured as best man at brother Jamie 's wedding to Alejandra Gutierrez at the Cromlix House Hotel in 2010 . Murray was presented with a cake to mark his 500th ATP Tour victory cake in Miami this week - for his wedding he has said he was involved in the cake tasting , but has left the majority to his fiancee . Miss Sears , 27 , pictured in Miami , has been been entrusted with planning the pair 's wedding next week . Murray and Miss Sears , both 27 , will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral next week , and the tennis star has admitted he ` could n't care less ' about the finer details of the day saying ` I try to stay out of all that sort of stuff ' . However Murray , a self-confessed foodie , will have some input for the wedding as he has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions . In an American interview , the 2012 US Open winner , said : ` I think in a lot of cases it 's just better to let the woman have it how she would like . ` In terms of flowers and colour schemes and those sorts of things , I could n't really care less about that , to be honest . ` The only thing I wanted to do was to be involved with the food . Because I like my food - I like good food . ` I went along and did the food tasting , and I also did the cake tasting as well . So that would be the thing that I would say I have been most involved in . ' He added : ` The music is something we chat about together as well . ' Miss Sears is in charge of colours schemes and flowers as Murray admits ` he could n't care less about that ' The 27-year-old has been a permanent fixture at the court side since she and Murray started dating in 2005 . Sussex-born Miss Sears , who is the daughter of former Lawn Tennis Association head of women 's tennis Nigel Sears , met Murray at the US Open in 2005 . The couple have dated since they met in 2005 . Murray and Miss Sears , who have been together for a decade , will wed at the 1000-year old Dunblane Cathedral and not , as anticipated , in the tiny chapel at his Cromlix House Hotel , near the Perthshire town where he grew up . The 12th century cathedral is much larger than the chapel in the grounds of Cromlix , which seats only 28 . Murray purchased the 15-bedroom country home for £ 1.8 m in 2013 . Thousands are expected to line the streets of Dunblane on the day to celebrate the wedding of their most famous son . Murray attended the primary school in 1996 when gunman Thomas Hamilton killed sixteen children and one teacher in the Dunblane massacre . Murray 's uncle Niall Erskine said : ` I 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of Dunblane in the past . ` Andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to Dunblane . I 'm sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day . ' The cathedral 's minister , the Rev Colin Renwick , added : ` There is excitement because there is a great deal of affection for Andy in Dunblane and a great deal of pride in him . I think people are genuinely very pleased for him . ' Tom Casey , chair of Discover Dunblane , the organisation which represents the town 's traders , said the couple would be ` Dunblane 's royalty ' . He said : ` A number of shops will be doing individual things to mark the event as they normally do when Andy is playing tennis . ` As a town , we are going to put up some bunting and wedding bows along the high street and decorate the shops with messages . ` Of course we will be making extra efforts to celebrate the wedding of Dunblane 's most famous son of modern sense . He is our royalty . ` But it is also important we respect the family 's wishes . ' Next week 's ceremony will take place at the 12th century Dunblane Cathedral -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The reception will then be at Cromlix House -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the five-star 15-bedroom country hotel Murray bought for £ 1.8 million two years ago . The couple announced their engagement in November last year . Breaking with tradition , Murray will have three best men at his wedding , his brother Jamie , close friend and tennis player Ross Hutchins -LRB- who recovered from cancer to return to tennis -RRB- and former training partner Carlos Mier . It is believed Miss Sears will have four bridesmaids . Murray said : ` The thing for me is it 's double standards in a way with the guys and girls because Kim has four bridesmaids and I was saying well , `` why is that fine for you ? '' ` Imagine you had to pick one of your four best friends which you 've had since you were at school . it 's very difficult to chose one . ` She was like , `` Come on , come on , pick one '' . I said , `` No , it 's difficult , so I think I 'm going to have two for sure possibly a third if he can come ' . '' Murray has previously played best man at Jamie 's wedding when he married Alejandra Gutierrez at Cromlix House in 2010 , and when Ross Hutchins tied the knot with Lindsay Wood last year . The tennis star roars in celebration after defeating Tomas Berdych in the Miami Open semi final yesterday . In previous interviews on the subject , Murray has said he is not fazed by the prospect of marriage . ` Kim and I had spoken about getting married a lot for the past couple of years but , if you go back a couple of years , we were still only 25 . ` We 've been together since we were 18 . Because we were so young when we started - and we do spend a lot of time apart - it just felt like the right time for both of us . ' Sussex-born Miss Sears , who is the daughter of former Lawn Tennis Association head of women 's tennis Nigel Sears , met Murray at the US Open in 2005 . She was once described by future mother-in-law Judy Murray as ` the best thing to happen to Andy ' . They split briefly in 2009 , before rekindling their relationship . The couple live in Surrey with their two Border terriers , Maggie and Rusty . Back on the court , Murray will face world number one Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open tomorrow . Third seed Murray beat Czech eighth seed Tomas Berdych 6-4 6-4 yesterday to reach the final for a fourth time .