You can now search hashtags on Instagram without writing a single word . From today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . Emoji hashtags work with single emoji , multiple emoji or can be combined with text . From today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . Emoji are popular in the Instagram community , with nearly half of Instagram captions -LRB- pictured on Rosie Huntington-Whiteley 's page -RRB- already featuring the small pictures . ` Over the past few years , emoji have become part of a universal visual language , ' Instagram told MailOnline . ` From today , on Instagram emoji will now work within hashtags , so you can add them to your posts , search for them on the Explore page , and tap on them in captions . ' Last month Instagram launched a standalone app called Layout . It has four main features called Faces , Mirroring , Photo Booth and Previews . Users begin by selecting as many images , up to the maximum of nine , to feature in a collage . Photos can be selected or deselected at any point . As the user adds more images the layout of the collage changes and photos can be dragged between sections and different sized boxes as desired . Emoji are popular in the Instagram community , with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . The most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark , Reyes and Juno . Lark desaturates reds while ` punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' , explained Instagram . Reyes was inspired by the coast of Point Reyes , California and adds a ` dusty , vintage feel ' to photos . While Juno tints tones green while making ` warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people . ' In December 2014 Instagram launched Slumber , Crema , Ludwig , Perpetua and Aden filters and those were the first to be added to the app since Mayfair and Willow launched in December 2012 . The most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . Other popular emoji are the OK hand gesture , two hearts , clapping hands , another crying with laughter face , thumbs up , smiley face and kiss mark -LRB- pictured left to right -RRB- . Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark , Reyes and Juno . Instagram said Juno -LRB- pictured -RRB- tints tones green while making ` warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people ' Users can also personalise their tray of filters to put their favourites within easy reach when editing an image . ` Filters have been synonymous with Instagram from day one , to help people capture and share photos that looked and felt as beautiful as they did in real life , ' continued Instagram . ` The enthusiasm from the community has been fantastic , with filters Ludwig and Crema becoming the most popular filters on Instagram overall . ' Lark -LRB- left -RRB- desaturates reds while ` punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' , explained Instagram . Reyes -LRB- right -RRB- was inspired by the coast of Point Reyes , California and adds a ` dusty , vintage feel '