A catalogue of failings have been uncovered at two NHS hospitals after seven babies and three mothers died there in the space of just eight months . Independent investigators were called into Royal Oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers , and North Manchester General after the deaths of another three babies and one mother . Lisa Parkisson , 35 , died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year , while newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . Lisa Parkisson , 35 , -LRB- left with son Zac -RRB- died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in June last year . Thomas Beaty -LRB- right -RRB- died from at the same hospital after doctors forced him back into the womb . A summary of the investigation , which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now , has been seen by MailOnline and found ` notable absence of clinical leadership ' in the maternity wards , and a ` failure to adequately plan care ' in a number of cases . A team of independent investigators also found risk management was ` below standard ' in some cases - though there were no apparent ` deficiencies in care ' in the deaths of the three mothers . The report noted that several of the mothers were obese or morbidly obese , which can lead to complications , but that national guidelines for treating overweight people were not followed . Officials also criticised the hospital 's own investigations , saying the root cause of the deaths was not always identified , opportunities to learn lessons were not always picked up , and that some recommendations were too general and difficult to measure . All of the deaths are believed to have occurred between December 2013 , and July last year . In one case mother Lisa Parkisson , 35 , also died 48 hours after giving birth to her son Zac in June this year . In another case newborn Thomas Beaty died from head injuries in April after medics forced him back into the womb during birth . Doctors had also tried and failed to remove him from the womb five times using forceps , despite national guidelines only recommending three attempts . While his death was not included in the review , staff at North Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust , which controls the two hospitals , have asked investigators to look into it . Martin Beaty , the father of Thomas , said : ` Ten deaths in eight months is sickening . But I 'm not surprised . Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at Oldham Royal following the deaths of four babies and two mothers there in eight months . The report , which also looked into the deaths of three babies and another mother at North Manchester General , found that national guidelines for treating obese mothers were also not followed . ` The standard of care we received during and after Thomas died gives me zero confidence in their organisation , structure and accountability . ` I 'm angry we were not informed -LSB- about the report -RSB- , even if out of courtesy . It feels like they 're trying to cover each other 's backs . ` But I 'm fully behind any action that makes sure this sort of thing is prevented in the future . ' Pennine Acute is in the process of producing an action plan based on the recommendations from the findings . They include strengthening clinical leadership and risk management , making sure enough staff are on duty to ensure safety and reviewing the process for employing temporary locum doctors . Royal Oldham Hospital 's new maternity unit , children 's unit and neonatal intensive care unit opened in December 2012 . The £ 44m facility became one of three specialist Greater Manchester neonatal centres as part of a controversial £ 120m shake-up which saw maternity units shut in Bury , Rochdale and Salford . Gill Harris , Chief Nurse at Pennine Acute , said : ` The Trust is always keen to learn and to improve care . We commissioned a review by experts from outside the Trust to look at the details of a small number of maternity cases at our hospitals . ` We are now considering that report and are developing a number of actions as a result to make some improvements to ensure we continue to provide the best quality of care for our patients . ` We deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals , but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this . ' A spokeswoman for the Care Quality Commission , the health regulator , said : ` CQC is aware that Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust has recently initiated an external review into its maternity services and we are in close liaison with the trust , NHS England and local CCG regarding the review findings . '