Former soldier John Young , 66 , has been left blinded in one eye after thugs through a brick at him through his front door when he confronted them about throwing stones at his property in Oldham . A newlywed pensioner has been left blinded in one eye after being hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs . Former soldier John Young , 66 , and his new wife Elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in Oldham , Greater Manchester , when thugs began pelting his front window with stones . When one brick smashed the glass , Mr Young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye by another brick . He suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye and was taken to hospital . However , despite undergoing emergency surgery , doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye . The retired HGV driver , who formerly served with the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers during the Irish troubles , said he now ` does n't feel safe in his own home ' following the attack last Friday . He said : ` I have lived here nearly all of my life and never had any problems before and I just do n't understand why these people have targeted us . ` We just can not believe what has happened . ' Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs ` messing around ' . The attack occurred just three weeks after the couple , who have no children and who met just 14 months ago , got married . They were writing thank you cards for the wedding gifts they had received when their home was targeted at around 11 pm on April 18 . Mrs Young , who works for The Alzheimer 's Society charity , said : ` We were sat down writing all of the thanks you cards . ` It was the first time we had been in the house since our wedding and it was getting late , around 11.20 pm . Mr Young and his wife Elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in Oldham , Greater Manchester , when thugs began pelting his front window with stones . He was targeted when he went to confront them . The offenders threw stones at the living room window -LRB- pictured -RRB- before targeting the front door of the house . Mr Young was hit by the brick when he opened to the door to question why they had smashed his windows . The glass panel on the front door of Mr Young 's house was smashed when bricks were thrown at the property last Friday . Mr Young was taken to hospital after being hit with a brick but doctors could not save his left eye . ` We did see a man outside and then there was a crash as a brick hit the window . The glass shattered . The next minute we knew there was glass shattered all over the hall because a brick had hit the door . ` John opened the door and the man was standing there shouting ` come on , come on ' . The next minute John is covered in blood . ` I just wish he had never opened the front door . I had already called 999 and for him to go out was a mistake but it obviously was a natural reaction to what was happening . ` We do n't have any idea why it happened . We feel like it must have been wrong place , wrong time . John has never had trouble before and neither of us can understand why these people would do something as low as this . ` I have got a flat in Southport so we are moving there now . I do n't think either of us want to come back after what 's happened . We are just too scared to live in this neighbourhood . ' Detective constable Gareth Gwilliam , of Greater Manchester Police , said the second brick was thrown ` directly ' at the man but would n't reveal how many offenders were involved in the incident . He said : ` At this stage , there appears to be no known motive for this attack . ` It might be there is no motive other than the culprits were messing around and for whatever reason thought it would be funny to throw bricks at someone 's house . The attack occurred just three weeks after Mr Young married his partner Elaine , who he met just 14 months ago . The couple are pictured on their wedding day at Gretna Green in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland . The couple had been sat quietly in the living room of their Oldham home writing thank you notes for the gifts they received on their wedding day - just three weeks ago -LRB- pictured -RRB- - when the attack occurred last Friday . Police said the brick was thrown ` directly ' at Mr Young when he answered the door of his home -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Officers said there appeared to be no known motive for the attack and said it could be yobs ` messing around ' ` However , there is absolutely nothing funny or clever about what they did and as a result of their wanton and reckless actions , this man has been left with a permanent disability and a loss of sight in one eye . ` Understandably , he is a mixture of angry and devastated so we need to establish who was responsible for this senseless incident and bring them to justice . ` I would therefore urge anyone who saw anything , or if you suspect who may be involved , to call us immediately . ' Anyone with information about the incident should contact police on 101 .