Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Tottenham 's home clash with Aston Villa ... Tottenham Hotspur vs Aston Villa -LRB- White Hart Lane -RRB- . Team news . Tottenham . Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for Tottenham , while Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match against Aston Villa . England right-back Walker is unavailable after sustaining a foot injury in last week 's draw at Burnley - a match goalkeeper Lloris missed through a knee injury which continues to keep him sidelined . Kyle Walker -LRB- left -RRB- was injured for Tottenham after clashing with Burnley 's Kieran Tripper last Sunday . Vertonghen -LRB- virus -RRB- is one of several doubts for the Premier League encounter at White Hart Lane , where Harry Kane again wears the captain 's armband . Provisional squad : Vorm , Friedel , Yedlin , Chiriches , Kaboul , Dier , Vertonghen , Rose , Davies , Bentaleb , Paulinho , Mason , Stambouli , Dembele , Eriksen , Townsend , Lamela , Chadli , Kane , Adebayor , Soldado . Aston Villa . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is again set to be without a key trio for his first return to Tottenham since being sacked last summer . Alan Hutton -LRB- ankle -RRB- , Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair -LRB- both hamstring -RRB- are expected to miss out along with Carles Gil -LRB- dead leg -RRB- , but Aly Cissokho -LRB- groin -RRB- could return after training again this week . Alan Hutton -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball with Manchester United 's Daley Blind in Aston Villa 's 3-1 defeat by the Red Devils last weekend , but the defender is set to miss the clash against his former club Tottenham Hotspur . Libor Kozak will not be considered as he regains fitness following 14 months out with a broken leg . The striker played 67 minutes in the under-21s ' 1-0 win over Wolves on Wednesday , his first game since suffering the injury in January 2014 . Provisional squad : Guzan , Given , Lowton , Bacuna , Vlaar , Clark , Baker , Senderos , Okore , Cissokho , Richardson , Delph , Sanchez , Cleverley , Grealish , Cole , N'Zogbia , Benteke , Agbonlahor , Weimann . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Tottenham 4/7 . Draw 14/5 . Aston Villa 5/1 . Referee : Lee Probert . Managers : Mauricio Pochettino -LRB- Tottenham -RRB- , Tim Sherwood -LRB- Aston Villa -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Tottenham wins 60 , draws 34 , Aston Villa wins 49 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Tottenham have won their last five PL meetings with Aston Villa , netting two or more goals in each game . Aston Villa have scored just six goals in their last 12 Premier League matches against Tottenham and never more than once in a game . Tottenham have gained 10 points from losing positions at home this season , more than any other side . Aston Villa have gained no points from losing positions away from home in the Premier League this season -- the only team not to do so . White Hart Lane is the highest scoring stadium in the Premier League this season -LRB- 51 goals -RRB- . Aston Villa have n't won at Tottenham since 2008 when Ashley Young scored the winner in a 2-1 victory . White Hart Lane has also seen the most first half goals this season -LRB- 27 -RRB- . Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five Premier League appearances . Under Tim Sherwood , Benteke has scored at a rate of one goal every 87 minutes in the Premier League . Villa have conceded three goals in each of their last two Premier League games . They have only conceded three-plus goals in three successive games twice in PL history -LRB- in 2009 and 2012 -RRB- . Harry Kane has scored six goals in his last four Premier League games at White Hart Lane .