Incredible footage has emerged of a mysterious pair of white lights seen hovering perilously close to to the Chilean volcano eruption . Volcano Calbuco , which has laid dormant for more than 40 years , suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the ` apocalypse-like ' event . Hundreds filmed the eruption , near the southern port city of Puerto Montt , Chile , and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety . But one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano . Scroll down for video . Mysterious white lights have been spotted hovering near Chile 's erupting Calbuco volcano on Wednesday . A pair of strange glowing white lights were filmed floating perilously close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption . The pictures have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters , an optical illusion or an alien aircraft . The footage shows the unexplained pair of lights floating dangerous close to erupting volcano before disappearing . Tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the UFO could be , suggesting everything from police or emergence services helicopters , to a kind of optical illusion or even an alien craft . One YouTube user , Perkoff , believed it was time travelers . He wrote : ` Most UFOs are not aliens like a lot of people think . They are in fact time machines from the future . The reason you see so many UFOs at historic events is because people from the future want to come back in time and witness history . A lot of these UFOs are filled with students and are just going on a futuristic version of a field trip . ' Bud Ekins wrote : ` It wants to be filmed ! Drones and planes do n't disappear like that . ' Others argues it was something a little more mundane . One YouTube user wrote : ` For me , chances are it 's a drone . ' While Francisco Javier Segurasaid : ` It 's a airplane , come on ! Up in smoke : Volcano Calbuco , in southern Chile , has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from Ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes -LRB- pictured , a view of the eruption from Puerto Montt , a small city around 20 miles from the volcano -RRB- . Smoke and lava can be seen spewing from the Calbuco volcano in this picture taken from the shores of Lake Llanquihue in Puerto Varas . An electrical storm lights up the night sky as a huge column of ash and lava shoots out of the volcano . The eruption sparked a red alert in the port city of Puerto Montt . Volcano Calbuco , believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile 's 90 active volcanoes , had erupted for the first time at 6 pm local time on Wednesday . An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared . Experts said the main risk was now now of a pyroclastic flow - a superheated current of gas and rock that can destroy nearly everything in its path and travel at speeds upwards of 200 to 300 kilometers per hour . Gabriel Orozco , a vulcanologist with Chile 's geological and mining service , said : `` In this situation , with the eruption column so high , the main risk is that it collapses , falls due to gravity because of its own weight and causes a pyroclastic flow , '' . Locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night 's sky . Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region yesterday heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated , residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded . The ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway . Previous and equally violent eruptions at Calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist from Oxford University who told MailOnline it is impossible to predict what will happen next . The volcano is located near the tourist town of Puerto Varas and the city of Puerto Montt , a little more than 620 miles south of Chile 's capital , Santiago . The National Mining and Geology Service issued a high alert , setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5 miles around the volcano , barring access to the area . Trevor Moffat , who lives in Ensenada , some six miles from the volcano , said the eruption happened without warning . Volcano Calbuco 's last major eruption happened in 1961 , with a weak eruption following in 1972 . He said : ` It sounded like a big tractor trailer passing by the road , rattling and shaking , guttural rumbling ... we left everything there , grabbed my kid , my dog , got in the car with my wife . Mr Moffat , who was originally born in Canada , said he was now driving his family to Puerto Varas . He added : ` All the neighbors were outside , a lot of young people crying . Armageddon type reaction . ' Dusted : A car covered in ash at the Ensenada locality , on the outskirts of Calbuco volcano . Ghost town : Most people have abandoned the La Ensenada locality in Puerto Varas -LRB- pictured -RRB- which has been caked in ash despite being over 18 miles away from the massive eruption at Calbuco volcano . Boats dusted with volcanic ash deposited from the eruptions of the looming Calbuco volcano , background , sit parked in front of a home . Television pictures showed a spectacular mushroom-shaped column billowing into the sky with occasional lighting bolts shooting through it . The eruption was seen up to 100 miles away in neighbouring Argentina . Derek Way , a resident of Puerto Varas , said : ` There are a lot of people out in the streets , many heading to the gas stations to fill up on gas . A friend told me to fill everything we have with water . ' Chile , on the Pacific ` Rim of Fire ' , has the second largest chain of volcanoes in the world after Indonesia , including around 500 that are potentially active . In March , volcano Villarrica , also in southern Chile , erupted in spectacular fashion , sending a plume of ash and lava high into the sky , but quickly subsided . Volcanoes occur at the edges of tectonic plates which make up the earth 's crust , either where these plates are moving toward or away from one another . Eruptions occur when magma from the Earth 's core forces its way to the surface , exploding through weak points in the crust . Unexpected : The volcano last erupted in 1972 , and while it is widely believed to be among Chile 's most dangerous , it was not under observation before it erupted today -LRB- the eruption pictured from Puerto Varas -RRB- . Explosion : Residents in nearby Puerto Varas go about their business while in the background the ash cloud from Volcano Calbuco is seen . Green fields : The scene looked calm away from the fall out from the ash , but southern Chile remains on alert .