The man in the mask is back . But it might take more than a slice of carbon fibre to protect Cesc Fabregas from what could be a quite hateful reception when he takes his first steps at the Emirates Stadium since he left to join Barcelona . That 2011 move was seen and widely accepted - externally - as the prodigal son going home . This next fixture is seen by some as the return of a player who rejected a second coming at Arsenal in favour of Chelsea . He will surely win the league , having already won the Capital One Cup , but what has he lost at the club that made him ? What of the line of communication he once had with Arsene Wenger ? Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates since leaving Arsenal in 2011 . The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend . Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager -LRB- left -RRB- before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea -LRB- right -RRB- . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger speaks to a young Fabregas after snatching him away from Barcelona in 2004 . It has been suggested they have not spoken since Fabregas made the summer move that got so many backs up . There is nothing terribly unusual in that except they used to be so close , to the extent that Wenger continued to text Fabregas on birthdays and career milestones while he was at Barcelona . ` He has n't spoken to me since I came back , ' Fabregas was quoted as saying in September . ` It was the kind of relationship I always would have liked to keep . ` But I 'm sure once everything dies down a bit in the future we will talk . There is no problem . I 'll always be grateful to him whatever happens . ' Except there is still believed to be only silence from the man he once called his ` second father ' . And for the first time , the Fabregas narrative is something less than delightfully romantic . Until now he had followed a largely clean script . He was the boy who attended his first Barca match as a nine-month-old baby with his grandfather . The tale of how he came to be their player 10 years later is wonderful . The story goes that he was playing for Mataro , 35 km north of Barcelona . Rodolfo Borrell used to search the surrounding areas for young players for Barca 's Under 11s side and one day watched Fabregas 's team . Nothing to report . When he came back , two months later in September 1997 , he saw a midfielder he simply needed to sign . Gunners legend Dennis Bergkamp watches on as Fabregas plays a pass during training early in his career . Fabregas ' only piece of major silverware with Arsenal was winning the 2005 FA Cup against Man United . Former captain Thierry Henry -LRB- right -RRB- helped Fabregas come through the ranks at Arsenal . Fabregas impressed by scoring against Juventus as Arsenal reached the 2006 Champions League final . The Spaniard is involved in a scuffle with his future club during the 2007 Carling Cup final . ` I went to see them play again and suddenly I saw this one player who was simply wonderful , ' he told the BBC . ` They told me he was called Cesc Fabregas and he was one year younger than the rest . He was good at running with the ball , had a fantastic pass over short , medium and long distances . He was very mature for his age and had all the attributes we were looking for at Barcelona at that time . ` At half-time , I asked the coach why I had not seen this kid before . He admitted that , when he saw me coming , he had decided not to play him because he knew that if I saw him I would take him . ' He ultimately became part of a group that included Lionel Messi , coming through the ranks . His idol was Pep Guardiola and when Fabregas 's parents divorced in 2001 , Guardiola handed him a signed shirt with the message : ` One day , you will be the number four of Barcelona . ' Wenger bestows his wisdom on a young Fabregas during a training session at London Colney in 2008 . Fabregas celebrates a a goal with former Arsenal team-mates Emmanuel Adebayor -LRB- left -RRB- and Tomas Rosicky . Fabregas holds aloft the trophy after winning the the 2008 European Championships with Spain . Fabregas lifts the Emirates Cup after winning the pre-season tournament with Arsenal in 2009 . Fabregas trains with another Arsenal star to leave the Emirates , Robin van Persie , in 2010 . The Arsenal playmaker scores a penalty against Braga in the Champions League in 2010 . Alas , he left for Arsenal in 2003 having not been picked for a single first-team game . By the time he returned in 2011 , he had become Arsenal 's youngest first-team player , their captain and a European Championship and World Cup winner with Spain . In 2005 , aged 18 and with 60 first-team games already played , he told The Independent : ` I will always be a fan of Barcelona . But Arsenal gave me an opportunity . It 's like you are standing at a station and there 's a train that you must take . It 's the opportunity of your life . ` At Barcelona , I was playing for the Under 16s . Here , they gave me the opportunity to play for the reserves straight away , soon the Carling Cup . It gave me the motivation that I needed . Now I want to improve , get more mature , get more experience . ' Fabregas celebrates with Spain team-mate David Villa en route to wining the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Spain team-mates attempt to engineer a move to Barcelona by pulling a club shirt over Fabregas in 2010 . Fabregas walks off dejected after Arsenal crash out to his boyhood club Barca in the 2011 Champions League . The midfielder 's relationship with mentor Wenger became strained after he left Arsenal in 2011 . Six years on from that interview , he detailed his relationship with the club and Wenger as he explained why he was joining Guardiola 's Barcelona . ` I only won one FA Cup really , and this is the biggest regret I will have in my career , probably , not to be able to lift a trophy as Arsenal captain , ' he said . ` I will always be an Arsenal fan because what they have done for me is unbelievable and I will never forget it . ` Wenger is a special person to me . He 'll always be a second father to me . I think if Arsenal want to keep being the club they are then they have to always be under his control , because he 's the best , everyone respects him , and for me , he will always be the best person that I 've met in football . ` I 'll never be able to find the words to express my thanks for what he did for me . ' Fabregas is given a hero 's welcome on his return home to the Nou Camp with Barcelona . Lionel Messi -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with Fabregas after scoring his first goal for Barcelona in 2011 . Fabregas scored against Italy in the group stages as Spain went on to win the 2012 European Championship . Fabregas gets involved in a row with Chelsea stars as Barcelona are sent out of the 2012 Champions League . Spain stars Andres Iniesta -LRB- left -RRB- , Fernando Torres -LRB- centre -RRB- and Fabregas crash out of the 2014 World Cup . By that point , it would be hard to blame the rationale in wanting a move to Barcelona , but staff at Arsenal were disappointed in how the switch was pushed through . What followed was a three-season spell that has , perhaps , been unfairly characterised . The suggestion is that he under-performed at Barca , which in part is the fault of the club itself . Upon leaving last summer , the club , oddly , flagged up in an official statement that he tends to flag in the second half of seasons . They were right , as this campaign has proved , but it was unusual for a club to say so much . In any case , he won La Liga , Copa del Rey and Club World Cup winners ' medals and in his second season , only Victor Valdes had more La Liga starts . It was not exceptional , though , and last summer came the chance to leave , bringing with it much of the confusion that still surrounds the midfielder . Wenger himself gave the impression that there is more to know about the circumstances behind the move to Chelsea , saying on Thursday : ` We will have to discuss that one day . With all the terms . ' The 27-year-old celebrates scoring against Stoke in his debut season at Stamford Bridge . Fabregas played against his former club with Chelsea for the first time in October 2014 . Fabregas still keeps in touch with Arsenal legend Henry , with the pair attending a NBA game in London . Fabregas celebrates scoring the only goal against local rivals QPR at Loftus Road earlier this month . Fabregas wears a protective mask as Chelsea defeat Manchester United to close in on the 2015 title . Sport analysts BSports are predicting a tight match , with Arsenal slight favourites to beat Chelsea . Fabregas said in a statement last summer that Arsenal ` decided ' not to trigger an option they held to re-sign him . Wenger has previously claimed that by the time he knew Fabregas was available a deal with Chelsea was almost done . It is interesting to wonder how much from either side is PR and how much is genuine . Did either side really want the other ? At the very least Fabregas will likely endure a tough afternoon under his mask on Sunday . He might soon have that league title he craved , but it will not have come without some significant losses .