A mother-of-four whose addiction to Red Bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis . Sarah Weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine . The law student spent a staggering £ 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 . Scroll down for video . Sarah Weatherill , 31 , was so addicted to Red Bull she drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic , depressed , suffering heart palpitations and constantly anxious . Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams . She soon became dependent on the drink and could n't get out of bed unless she knew she had some in the fridge . She also became lethargic , depressed , had heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her £ 105-a-week habit spiralled out of control . She finally decided to do something about the problem after she realised the constant need for the Red Bull was severely damaging her health . And after seeing hypnotherapist earlier this month , she claims she has been cured of her addiction thanks to just one 50-minute session . Her habit had been so dangerous she needed to cut down to eight cans a day in the run up to the hypnosis - as coming off so much caffeine abruptly could have caused a seizure . A 250 ml can of Red Bull contains : . 80 mg of caffeine - the same amount as in an espresso . 27.5 g sucrose and glucose combined - the equivalent of almost seven teaspoons of sugar . 10g Taurine -LRB- an amino acid that is thought to boost athletic performance -RRB- . B vitamins . Ms Weatherill 's 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92 g of caffeine every day . A 2005 study into caffeine-related deaths said a person would need to ingest 5g to overdose , suggesting she was taking nearly half the potentially lethal dose . Ms Weatherill , from Coventry , said : ` I was studying for a Higher National Certificate in law in 2005 and used to have the odd Red Bull for a pick me up . ` It is hard to say when it became every day but I remember that by 2009 I was definitely hooked . ` Whenever I felt tired having a Red Bull would be the first thing I would do . ` It was worst in 2010 when I was doing law exams at university and my children were off school . ` Sometimes I would have exams day after day - and with the stress of revising I was having 24 cans a day . ` I was pulling all-nighters and using the drinks to stay awake . In the end , it got to the point where I just needed Red Bull to function . ` I used to get my shopping delivered and used to have four or five crates and that only lasted for a week - it got out of hand . ` There would be times when I would get palpitations and shakes but I think I just got used to the caffeine . ' Red Bull - whose slogan says the drink ` gives you wings ' - is made by an Austrian company and is the highest selling energy drink in the world . Miss Weatherill claims she was cured of her addiction in one 50 minutes hypnotherapy session with David Kilmurry -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . This table shows a range of drinks in order of caffeine content and their relation to daily allowances . Ms Weatherill was drinking 1.92 g of caffeine every day , way above the recommended limit of 400 mg . The drink has been branded safe by the European Food Safety Authority -LRB- EFSA -RRB- and more than five billion cans were sold in 2013 . However , it has been criticised for its high caffeine levels with one 250 ml can containing 80 mg , similar to one cup of coffee . Ms Weatherill 's 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92 g of the drug every day . A 2005 study into caffeine-related deaths said a person would need to ingest 5g to overdose , suggesting she was taking nearly half of a lethal dose . But , incredibly , she claims she was completely cured of her addiction after a single session with cognitive behavioral hypnotherapist David Kilmurry on April 11 . Ms Weatherill , who lives with boyfriend Phil Evans , 27 , and four children aged between three and 14 , added : ` I knew at the start of this year it was a dependency so thought I would give hypnotherapy a go . ` It was a weird process , I felt like I was in there for 15 minutes but it was 50 minutes . ` All I can remember is that it was like a kaleidoscope effect , I remember him saying I did n't need Red Bull . ' ` I am convinced I wo n't have another can . I feel like a different person , ' Ms Weatherill said after undergoing hypnotherapy to cure her of her energy drink habit . She added : ` It was like a paralysis because I had an itch , but could n't move to scratch it . ` It gave me a lot of strength because in the past I have tried to give up but lasted a week and then gone back to the Red Bull . ` I am convinced I wo n't have another can . I feel like a different person . ' Hypnotherapist Mr Kilmurry added : ` Sarah 's addiction was very serious . ` Coming off that amount of caffeine and taurine can lead to seizures , so she gradually reduced her intake before coming to me to make a safe escape . ` Energy drink addicts can also suffer insomnia , depression , anxiety and heart palpitations . ` Luckily Sarah soldiered through and has been amazed at the changes . '