Former president Bill Clinton said he is ` proud ' of wife Hillary Rodham Clinton 's presidential bid for the 2016 election . The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he 's made about his wife 's second presidential campaign , according to CNN . The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday . Bill Clinton made the comment in Oklahoma City on Sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the Alfred P Murrah federal building in 1995 . In his first public comments on his wife 's 2016 presidential bid , Bill Clinton , pictured here in 2004 with Hillary Clinton , said ` I 'm proud of her ' while on a visit to Oklahoma City . ` I 'm proud of her , ' Bill Clinton said of his wife to CNN reporter Ryan Nobles . Bill Clinton was in Oklahoma City to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building . He addressed hundreds of people gathered at the site of the federal building to commemorate the dead , hailing the city as an example to the world of a strong and compassionate community . The service for survivors , victims ' families , and other citizens began at 9.02 am with a 168-second moment of silence followed by a reading of the names of those killed . ` I mostly came here to thank you today , ' Clinton said . ` For a whole country you burned away all the petty squabbles in which we engaged leaving only our basic humanity . ` I prepared for this day yesterday in New York by taking Hillary to see our daughter and son-in-law and my about to be seven-month-old grandchild . ` Hillary and I bathed her and fed her and put her to bed . I looked at her in that crib so I could remember how you felt , those of you who lost your loved ones . ' Visibly emotional , he wiped his eyes as he drew parallels between the ` evil ' behind the Oklahoma City bombing and the terrorism of Boko Haram in North Africa , ISIS in Iraq and Syria , and lone wolf militants in cities such as Paris . ` For 20 years you have honored the memories of your loved ones , you have inspired us with the power of your renewal , you have reminded us that we should all live by the Oklahoma Standard , ' Clinton said at the service . Hillary Clinton will spend Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire , returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by Obama . Clinton 's supporters say her recent comments , particularly on inequality , do not reflect a shift in position . In her 2008 primary campaign , Clinton stressed the need to help families struggling economically and she criticized hedge fund investors , oil company profits , drug company subsidies and trade agreements . Hillary Clinton launched her presidential campaign last week . After spending three days in Iowa , she 's off to New Hampshire for two days starting on Monday .