The 20-year-old deranged pizza delivery driver on trial for stabbing and strangling his roommate to death before having sex with her corpse was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison . The Florida court heard how Bryan Santana was living out some kind of sick fantasy when he removed all the lightbulbs of the Orlando home he shared with Shelby Fazio , 23 , before waiting for the young woman to return , killing her and then abusing her body in October last year . Jurors were told Santana first choked Fazio in a headlock before wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her with a hunting knife . He then killed and mutilated her dog , and wrote messages in blood on the wall , including : `` I 'm not sorry for what I did . ' The panel took just two hours to deliberate on Thursday , and Fazio 's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down . Maniac : Bryan Santana , 20 , of Orlando , Florida , was found guilty of the the cold-blooded murder of his roommate , Shelby Fazio , 23 , on Thursday . He was sentenced to life terms in prison . In court : The trial in Orlando lasted just three days , with Santana previously admitted to murdering the victim and raping her corpse , with the jury deliberating for two hours . Overcome : Family members of the victim , Shelby Fazio , weep as her killer is found guilty on Thursday . ` This is endless ' : Afterwards the family said they will ` never escape ' the death of the young woman , who was murdered by her roommate , Bryan Santana . ` You will not be remembered . Oh but Shelby will ' : Judge Renee Roche was scathing in her closing statements , saying Santana ` no glimmer of humanity ' Judge Renee Roche said Santana has ` no glimmer of humanity ' , according to WFTV . ` You will not be remembered . Oh but Shelby will , ' Judge Roche said . ` Even her beloved dog will be remembered longer than the defendant . ' Cindy Fazio , the victim 's mother , said they will never properly deal with her death . ` No more pleasures in life . Each day is just another we do n't have with Shelby . No more good days , only days we get through , ' said Fazio 's mother , Cindy Fazio . She called Santana a ` violent coward . ' The victim 's father , Terry Fazio , added : ` This is endless . We 'll never escape . Hope you get it as bad as you did to Shelby . ' Roche gave Santana two life sentences for the murder of Fazio and attempted murder of his second roommate . He was also found guilty of cruelty to animals , abuse of a dead human body and two counts of grand theft . Bryan Santana -LRB- left -RRB- of Orlando , Florida murdered his roommate Shelby Fazio -LRB- right -RRB- in October and sexually abused her dead body . He then killed her dog , stole their other roommates car , and went to get a haircut . Santana was also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing Fazio 's dog -LRB- above -RRB- , and using its blood to write messages on the wall . Prosecutors said Santana ` delighted ' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman . ` He delights in every moment of telling explicitly what he had done to Shelby , ' Assistant State Attorney Mark Interlicchio told jurors during opening statements on Wednesday . The Orlando Sentinel reported Santana even messaged a friend and forewarned what was to come , claiming he was going to ` gut ' someone , and then saying ; ` I have zero money to pay my $ 400 rent so I 'm going to do what I want . I will fulfill my deepest desires . ' Orange County Sheriff 's Deputy Charlie Murphy took to the stand on Wednesday , describing the grizzly scene he discovered when he arrived at the residence Fazio and Santana shared . ` I noticed a body laying on the ground , the door hit the left leg of the body , ' he said . ` She was naked . I remember she had a belt around her throat and some type of pen or pencil shoved into her neck . ' This came just days after Santana 's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself and tried to hit a corrections officer at the courthouse during opening statements in the case . ` He has now soiled himself and smeared himself in feces and smeared the wall , ' said Judge Renee Roche after the incident , according to WKMG . ` I 've ordered security to clean him up and bring him up here in full restraints . ' And while she allowed two doctors to examine the young man , she has made it clear that she has no time for this behavior . ` He certainly knows how to behave himself in the courtroom . He behaved himself very well yesterday . Now that the train is coming down the tracks at full speed , we are seeing some other behavior , ' she said . ` I will not tolerate disruption in this courtroom . If I have to gag him , I will . If I have to remove him I will . ' In earlier court documents , Santana confessed to the strangling , stabbing and sexual intercourse . He also claimed he has multiple personalities , including one named ` Michael . ' In court documents , Santana -LRB- right -RRB- admitted to strangling and stabbing Fazio -LRB- left -RRB- , a Disney World employee , to death , and then having sex with her corpse . Fazio , 23 , had moved in with the young man to begin a job at Disney World . The two had a third roommate who Santana also allegedly tried to kill . That roommate claims Santana pepper sprayed him and came at him with a knife . ` He came at me , pepper sprayed me , I tried to knock the knife out of his hand and was successful in doing that , ' said John Heermance . ` And then we wrestled in the living room area . ' Heermance then testified on Wednesday that at this point Santana told him to go into his room and everything would be fine . After the incident , Santana is believed to have taken Fazio 's car and tried to go to a Walmart to buy a toy gun in hopes that he would be shot dead if he pointed it at police , a jury heard . He also went and got a haircut . Friends say the young man no longer wanted to live . Laura Ramirez , a friend of Santana , said on the stand : ` He just said he was going to fulfill his fantasies . ' She then added : ` He said he was going to gut her . '