Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists keeping Kevin Mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer . There has been plenty of speculation about the Belgium international and he even admitted himself in February he fancied a new challenge and had an ambition to play in the Champions League next season . Injuries have prevented the 27-year-old from really finding his best form this campaign with a run of consistent performances but Martinez was delighted to see him score his first Premier League goal since December 28 in last weekend 's win over Burnley . Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton following an injury-hit term at the Toffees . Everton manager Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for his Belgian star . There were reports this week Tottenham would try to make the forward part of a swap deal with their winger Aaron Lennon , who is currently on loan at Goodison Park . However , Martinez backed Mirallas to put the continuing debate about his future to one side . ` The total honest truth is we do n't know what is going to happen in the future , ' he said . ` I heard somewhere that he had one year left and it was a bit of an unsettled situation but that is not the case , he has two years left . ` I do n't think it has ever been an issue . Sometimes there has been too much said on the outside . ` With any footballer now it does not matter whether you have one year or six years left , what is more important is being happy , feeling ready to be part of the project and be an important player going forward . Aaron Lennon has impressed on Merseyside since moving on loan from Tottenham Hotspur in January . Kick-off : Sunday , 1.30 pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Everton 11/4 . Draw 5/2 . Manchester United 6/5 . Referee : Andre Marriner . Managers : Roberto Martinez -LRB- Everton -RRB- , Louis van Gaal -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Everton wins 56 , draws 40 , Manchester United wins 75 . ` When you see him on the pitch he is someone who brings a real desire to score goals , he brings us a goalscoring threat which is quite special and all I want is for Kevin to enjoy his football and carry on performing well . ` He is someone who takes responsibility on the pitch , wants to make things happen and scoring the goal was an important moment . ` Kevin has always been a really hard-working player day-to-day and I have seen him progressing but I have never seen an issue in his performances at all . ` The way he performed on Saturday showed that . In every window you have to sit down and make sure everyone who is fully committed is ready to be part of the future . ` I do n't see that as being an issue we need to sort at this present time . ' Goodison hosts two of the league 's most in-form teams on Sunday with the Toffees , with four wins and a draw in their last five matches , facing Manchester United , with five wins in six . Martinez hopes his side can commemorate the life of Sir Philip Carter -LRB- left -RRB- with a win over United this weekend . Martinez believes the game presents the perfect environment to mark the death of former chairman Sir Philip Carter this week . ` To remember Sir Philip Carter - 30 years on from the second leg against Bayern Munich -LRB- en route to Everton 's UEFA Cup-Winners ' Cup -RRB- - is a special opportunity to look back and celebrate what he has brought to Everton , ' added the Toffees boss . ` We will make sure his legacy never ends here . '