A 42-year-old high school teacher in Georgia turned herself in to police on Tuesday to face charges of sleeping with three of her male students . Phoebe Jo Chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office in Valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault . Police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys . The students have all since graduated , but investigators say there were still attending Lowndes High School when the alleged sexual encounters occurred . Surrendered : Phoebe Jo Chapman , 42 , turned herself in to the Lowndes County jail on Tuesday morning and was booked on three counts of sexual assault - one count for each victim . According to WCTV , the sheriff 's office received information about Chapman in March . Rumors had been circulating the school that she had had relations with the career and technical instruction teacher and male students . Officers were then able to identify three victims and interviewed them . All three admitted to having sexual relations with Chapman . Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway . ` By statute , any time a teacher is involved in a sexual relationship with a student , it 's illegal . They can not be involved , ' Lt. Stryde Jones of the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office told WCTV . Improper relations : Chapman is accused of having sex with three different male students while teaching at Lowndes High School in Valdosta , Georgia . Investigation : Lt. Stryde Jones of the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office said that the other teachers were not aware of what was going on and that rumors started among the students . ` Those teachers are put in a position of trust , just like law enforcement . When you 're put in that position of trust , you 're held to a higher standard and you 're expected to make decisions that are comparable with the position that you 're in . Lt. Jones said it appears the relations were kept a secret until the rumors started . ` I do n't think other teachers knew , ' he told WCTV . ` We have found nothing so far to indicate that anybody at the school in a position of leadership or an employee knew what was going on . ` There may have been other students that knew what was going on but they had not made anything public other than maybe to themselves . '