Scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome . No one is tied up in a basement . There are no hostages . Yet the lengths to which the SPFL will go to show love to those broadcasters who hold a gun to their heads has become a source of growing , simmering public fury . The Scottish game is engaged in a Faustian pact . And the television piper is calling the tune . Sky and BT Sports pay £ 16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football . The BBC puts in an estimated £ 3m a year for Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths -LRB- right -RRB- completes his hat-trick during the win over Kilmarnock earlier this week . Compared with the £ 5billion paid to English clubs for Premiership football the sums are trifling . Borderline insulting . St Mirren facing Ross County on a wet March night in Paisley will never be a rival to the Manchester derby but broadcasters do n't show Scottish football out of charity . They do so because it fills their schedules and meets a level of demand . In return for which they regard SPFL football with indifference . The BBC , a state public service broadcaster , charges the same flat rate licence tax to viewers in London and Manchester as it does to viewers in Glasgow and Inverness , with one key difference . English football is treated with reverence and respect . Scottish football like a pavement beggar . On Saturday , Hibernian and Falkirk fans will be asked to travel to Glasgow for a Scottish Cup semi-final which kicks off at 12.15 pm Why ? Because Sky Sports want the game out of the way to show a recorded documentary on Bob Paisley . On Sunday , Inverness fans must travel 200 miles for another 12.15 pm kick-off against Celtic . Topping the bill in the afternoon is the European Cup rugby semi-final between Leinster and Toulon , a game likely to prompt complete indifference in public houses the length and breadth of Britain . It 's not just the Scottish Cup . Celtic have played just four home league games at 3 pm on a Saturday all season . And the decision to put back the Hearts v Rangers Championship clash 24 hours for the benefit of Sky caused an almighty row while resurrecting the dreaded ` sporting integrity ' phrase . Hibernian are engaged in a battle with the Ibrox side for second place in the Championship . This matters because the team which finishes second has two fewer tense , troublesome play-off games to play . Were Rangers to go into their final game at Tynecastle needing only a point against Hearts -- Hibernian 's city rivals -- the game would be played against an unparalleled backdrop of suspicion . To most -- Leanne Dempster of Hibs and Hearts owner Ann Budge especially -- the issue is one of fairness . It 's clear cut . The games should always have kicked off at the same time and they believe the SPFL have been duplicitous and deceitful . Loathe to be seen criticising the SPFL , SFA chief executive Stewart Regan chose his words carefully , while all but admitting the league had made a complete and utter hash of things . Hamilton 's Jason Scotland -LRB- right -RRB- challenges Dundee United 's Calum Morris -LRB- left -RRB- during the SPL match . ` For 99 per cent of the time , there are no issues , ' he said . ` Broadcasting in football has been operating for 20-30 years with big money coming into the game . Usually it 's no problem at all . ` There are times -- and we have one right now -- where the broadcaster has a requirement to show a match at a particular time on a particular day and that causes issues . ` It 's important for the league to consult with all of the interested parties , particularly the clubs who are the connecting point with the fans . ` Obviously , you ca n't please everybody but consultation is the secret . Neil Doncaster -LRB- SPFL chief -RRB- has been challenged by a number of different parties and I think it 's important he listens and tries to come up with a pragmatic solution . ' Minutes after Regan spoke , the SPFL 's solution arrived in the shape of an embarrassing U-turn . As they should have been from the outset , the final-day Championship games were all rearranged for Saturday May 2 . With a 12.15 pm kick-off , naturally . And after some cap doffing and bowing to the Sky paymasters . Most accept Doncaster is the paid hand of the most influential clubs in Scotland , with little real executive authority . His job is to act as a human shield for clubs and to put lipstick on a pig of a broadcasting deal . Yet the decision to put the Rangers fixture back heightened suspicions over both his competence and motives . In May 2013 , the final game in Division Three for the Ibrox club -- against Berwick Rangers -- was shown live on television . The other four fixtures were immediately brought forward , too . A statement on the Rangers website confirmed the decision had been taken ` in the interests of fairness ' . What changed between May 2013 and now ? To those who believe the SPFL are hellbent on getting Rangers back into the top tier come what may , this was manna from heaven . ` It 's a challenging time for the SPFL right now , ' said Regan with a degree of understatement . ` I can see why fans are unhappy . ` Ultimately there 's always a balance between the needs of the broadcasters and the needs of the clubs , the needs of the supporters and sponsors . ` When you 're looking at a Scottish football landscape , where money is tight and a broadcaster is the biggest provider of income , that ca n't be ignored . I 'm not saying it 's right but they have to be heard . ' The problem comes when paying customers believe the broadcasters are the only people being heard . St Mirren 's Stephen Mallan -LRB- centre -RRB- is challenged by Ross County 's Jackson Irvine -LRB- right -RRB- . Scottish fans from across the UK are now routinely asked , at the drop of a hat , to change travel plans to facilitate Friday-night football and noon kick-offs on a Saturday or Sunday . Monday night games have also crept onto the schedules . And for what ? Scottish viewers make up around nine per cent of Sky and BT Sport ' s subscribers . Yet it now costs them more to cover two games between West Brom and Stoke than it does to fund an entire season of Scottish football . The BBC , meanwhile , pays Gary Lineker as much to present Match of the Day as they do for SPFL highlights and radio coverage . ` It 's fair to say that the landscape we are in right now is challenging , ' added Regan . ` When you look at the numbers that the Premier League delivered in England it blows everything out of the water . ` The Scottish football authorities -- the league in particular -- are fighting for what you would call the scraps from the table . ` I know that there is pressure being put on the BBC through a number of parties right now , including the Scottish Government , to try to see if there is any way to make an improvement in income that can be generated by further discussions . ` But , ultimately , the broadcaster will only pay market rate for the product they are buying . ` We are trying to get that market rate back up by collectively working on initiatives to improve our game , but it 's not going to happen overnight . ' The empty stands are a problem . The spectacle in the SPFL is often poor and does nothing to persuade Sky that Scottish football is worth paying out more cash . In a vicious circle , however , this attitude drives the crowds lower and lower . Many now speak openly , then , of Scottish football going cold turkey . Of subscriber boycotts or ending the abusive relationship with broadcasters altogether and streaming SPFL games online on a pay-per-view basis . Or having no coverage at all . When old hands of the Scottish game such as Sir Bob Kelly , Jim McLean and Jim Farry warned of the creeping dangers of live television they were dismissed as dinosaurs . Right now , they look like visionaries . Celtic fans sing during the win over Kilmarnock , which sees them three points clear at the top of the SPL .