After two months since the official announcement , Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are into the final few days of their preparation at camp ahead of their monumental bout on Saturday . On Monday night , Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas ahead of his MGM Grand summit with Mayweather . The 36-year-old was seen arriving on the world-famous Strip in the Nevada desert at the Mandalay Bay hotel , which will be his base for the week . Pacquiao had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach 's Wild Card Gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station . The Filipino star uprooted on Monday night as he and his team took a 270-mile drive on board his own bus . Roach 's star fighter will be hoping a change of scenery wo n't affect his preparations against Mayweather - who has the luxury of training at his self-titled Boxing Club in Las Vegas , which is situated next to a Chinese Baptist Church . Ahead of their gigantic fight , Sportsmail takes a tale of the tape look at the duo 's two main bases and what is on offer at either facility . Manny Pacquiao gestures to fans gathered after arriving at the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas on Monday . Pacquiao and his team made the 270-mile journey from Los Angeles to Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of this weekend 's fight against Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand . A map depicting the vast distance between the Wild Card Gym -LRB- left -RRB- and the Mayweather Boxing Club -LRB- top right -RRB- and the MGM Grand - the location for the mouthwatering May 2 bout . LOCATION . Despite the wealth of talent that trains at the Wild Card Gym and the Mayweather Boxing Club , both are in rather low-key surroundings . The former is situated along Vine Street - an unassuming road in Los Angeles which is set back from its nearby properties . Next to it on the right is a Stop & Shop Market while a Mobil petrol station is situatied to its left . In among the small complex too is a nail parlour , a Thai food restaurant and a launderette . The latter is on Schiff Drive - another unassuming road . Next to the building on one side is a Chinese Baptist Church , with KitcheNova - a kitchen supllies shop a futher store down . It 's fair to say that both gyms could be lost among a backdrop of similar-looking buildings . The Wild Card Gym is located on the unassuming road of Vine Street in Los Angeles . On closer viewing the facility is also surrounded by a a nail parlour , a Thai food restaurant and a launderette . An inside look of the Wild Card Gym shows it has one boxing ring and several boxing pads . A front view look of the WBA and WBC welterweight world champion Mayweather base . The Mayweather Boxing Club is also an inconspicuous building from the outside on Schiff Drive , Las Vegas . Inside though , the The Money Team 's facilities are anything but with the state-of-art equipment adorning it . The Las Vegas base has a free weights section where Mayweather uses to develop his strength . The Mayweather Boxing Club has seats provided for those to watch sparring and other boxing activities . Mayweather has put his vast wealth into the facility - a building that has helped him remain undefeated . Both boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come May 2 . OPENING HOURS . Despite being the home of eight-division world champion Pacquiao , the Wild Card gym is an accessible facility to those of any age or ability . Between Monday to Friday it is open from 7am-8pm with its hours on a Saturday slightly reduced from 9am-4pm . The Wild Card gym is closed on Sundays . The Wild Card gym is an accessible facility to those of any age or ability and is open six days a week . In stark comparison , the Mayweather Boxing Club is a private facility that is not open to the general public . To its own stable of boxers it shuts at 2.30 pm so that WBA and WBC welterweight world champion Mayweather can train . The Mayweather Boxing Club is a private facility in contrast that is not open to the general public . To its own stable of boxers it shuts at 2.30 pm so that Mayweather can train ahead of his bout vs Pacquiao . GYM MEMBERSHIP . As mentioned above the Wild Card gym is open to anyone and this is reflected in its membership offers . Monthly prices for those who do n't box at amateur level or professionally and are 18 or over is at around £ 33 per month . For those between the ages of 11-17 , the price reduces further to £ 16 per month but they must be accompanied by a parent at all times . The Wild Card gym is open to anyone of any ability with monthly membership starting at £ 16 per month . If you are an amateur or pro boxer it is £ 16 per month too but you must be able to show your license upon arrival . If a monthly membership proves too daunting , Roach 's gym also offers daily entry of around £ 3 as long as you have proof of ID . The openness of the Wild Card gym conflicts with that of Mayweather 's camp - where you have to contact their official website if you have a desire to train at the club . In contrast to use the Mayweather Boxing Club - you have to contact their website for more information first . EQUIPMENT . The Wild Card gym is rather simplistic in comparison to the Mayweather Boxing Club - but still produces the same knockout results . In terms of equipment there is one ring , a weights room as well as the standard boxing bags you would expect to create a world champion - speed balls , punch bags , boxing pads and the rest of that ilk . Pacquaio is put through his paces on the speed ball during a workout session at the Wild Card Gym in 2010 . Pacquaio -LRB- right -RRB- undergoes some pad work while training at the the Los Angeles base . Mayweather proclaims himself as ` TBE ' , The Best Ever , and as a result you can expect nothing less from inside his gym . The 38-year-old 's facility boasts two boxing rings , five punch bags , dumbbells , speed balls , as well as a hook and jab bag and a snatcher bag among a plethora of items . Mayweather 's facilities are grander in comparison , to the Wild Card Gym , boasting two boxing rings . The Las Vegas facility also includes five punch bags , dumbbells and speed balls . In addition there are hook and jab bags and a snatcher bag among a plethora of items . TRAINERS/STAFF . The Wild Card gym is the heart and soul of Roach . Pacquaio 's trainer has produced over 20 world champions during his time at the Los Angeles base since it was first opened in 1994 . As well as owning the facility , the 55-year-old works alongside it with his brother Pepper . Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach -LRB- right -RRB- has produced over 20 world champions during his time . The Mayweather Boxing Club is a family affair with the 38-year-old 's father , Floyd Snr , training him there . Alongside his father , Mayweather 's uncle Roger is a key figure within the camp . The 54-year-old proves valuable boxing acumen to the stable having been a former WBA Super featherweight and WBC light-welterweight champion himself with a record of 59 -- 13 -LRB- 35 KO 's -RRB- . Alongside the duo , Cornelius Edwards is another experienced trainer with the camp . Known as ` Boza ' the former WBC Super Featherweight Champion boasted a record of 45-7-1 with 34 KO 's during his time within the ring . Other members of the The Money Team -LRB- TMT -RRB- camp at the gym include Gerald Sinclair , John Sinclair and Bob Ware . Former boxer Nate Jones is also part of Mayweather 's ensemble . Mayweather 's ` The Money Team ' camp includes his father , Floyd Snr , and his uncle Roger . NOTABLE STABLE MATES . The Wild Card Gym has boasted an array of stars in the world of boxing , with Miguel Cotto the latest under the tutelage of Roach . The 34-year-old is the current WBC middleweight world champion after he defeated Sergio Martinez for the title last summer in his first fight in the division . Cotto is considered one of the greatest boxers in Puerto Rican history and is the only countryman to have won a world title in four different weight classes . As well as Cotto former WBO light-welterweight champion Ruslan Provodnikov and Chinese star Zou Shiming are also trained by Roach . Shiming fought on the undercard of Pacquiao 's last fight in November against Chris Algieiri in Macau . WBC middleweight world champion and Puerto Rican great Miguel Cotto -LRB- right -RRB- is trained by Roach . At the Mayweather Boxing Club , newly-crowned WBC world super-middleweight champion Badou Jack is among their stable . T . he Swede , who beat Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night and will face George Groves in the summer , is also joined by middleweight boxer j' leon Love , light-middleweight Ishe Smith , IBF lightweight champion Mickey Bey Jnr and Britain 's Ashley Theophane at the Las Vegas base . Newly-crowned WBC world super-middleweight champion Badou Jack -LRB- left -RRB- is a stable mate of Mayweather . Jack holds his belt after beating Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago , Illinois . FORMER STABLE MATES/PREVIOUS VISITORS . Roach 's Wild Card Gym has seen a ` who 's - who ' of boxing talent walk through its doors . British star Amir Khan , Julio Cesar Chavez , Jr. . Viacheslav Senchenko are among those to have been under the Los Angeles stable . Roach has also worked with a number of MMA greats including Anderson Silva , Georges St. Pierre , Tito Ortiz and BJ Penn. . Former WBO light-heavyweight world champion Nathan Cleverly has also visited the facility in the past ahead of upcoming bouts . Amir Khan -LRB- right -RRB- was trained by Roach before splitting up in 2012 after losing two world titles . Mayweather 's gym too has been a hotbed for boxers to hone their skills ahead of a fight too - with Britain 's crop of talent in particular taking the Las Vegas base to their fancy . Chris Eubank Jnr trained there in his early days , while Scott Quigg and Anthony Crolla have also visited the club to engage in some pad-work activities . At present featherweight Lee Selby is out in Las Vegas training ahead of his challenge against IBF belt holder Evgeny Gradovich on May 30 . British star Scott Quigg -LRB- right -RRB- has used the Mayweather Boxing Club before in the past for sparring .