A young driver has started his Easter weekend with a splash after running off the road , smashing through a fence and crashing into a backyard swimming pool . The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney 's north-west early on Friday morning . The men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30 am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout . Scroll down for video . The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed as the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney 's north-west . The car spun out of control and smashed through a colourbond fence before landing in the pool . Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb , smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool . The men told police the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are now appealing for the driver to come forward . A crane was required to remove the fully submerged car from the pool . A taxi driver involved in the bungle fled the scene of the accident leaving the 23-year-old to explain to police . Traffic was stopped along Wilson Road and a crane was brought in to hoist the waterlogged vehicle from the pool . Photos from the scene show just the roof of the blue vehicle emerged from the water as it rests on the floor of the in-ground pool . Police are using social media to implore drivers to slow down and drive carefully over the Easter holiday break , getting their message across using the hashtag #sharetosurvive . In an attempt to prevent road tolls from climbing over the long weekend extra police will be patrolling the states road 's until midnight Monday , with double demerits in full force . Anyone with information that could assist police , including the identity of the taxi driver involved in the Hinchinbrook incident , is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 . The men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30 am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout , which sent them crashing through this family 's backyard fence .