A dangerous ` death ring ' has been spotted around the San Francisco Bay Area . Scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe , and often fatal injuries . Now researchers have released an interactive roadkill map to show the trail of destruction being caused by California 's state highways . To view the interactive map , click here . Pictured are the South San Franscisco bay Area regional highway roadkill hotspots . The ring of death refers to an area made up of made up of I-80 -LRB- labelled as 9 -RRB- and Route 101 -LRB- labelled as 13 and 8 -RRB- . The map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System , a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species . Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk , mountain lion , black bear , gopher snake , desert iguana - and where and when they were hit . Animals can also be mapped individually . Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway . In the region , marshy areas attract birds during migration resulting in high rates of roadkill . Where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill . Sacramento area : Where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill . Bay Area : ` It 's sort of a ring of death around the Bay Area , ' Shilling said . Interstate 80 and State Route 101 run alongside the bay , where high rates of wading birds and water birds are killed . Large animals are more likely to be hit on I-280 and State Route 17 , particularly near areas of parks and open spaces . Southern California : Many areas along State Route 94 in San Diego County have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . Shilling said Caltrans is planning to build five new wildlife-crossing structures in this area because the data demonstrate both an immediate need and locations where structures would be useful . Sierra : Highway 70 in Plumas County and near Portola has high rates of roadkill , particularly deer . North Coast : Both State Routes 101 and 20 show high rates of collision between Willits and Lake Mendocino . ` It 's sort of a ring of death around the Bay Area , ' said Fraser Shilling at the University of California , Davis , who led the study . Interstate 80 and State Route 101 run alongside the bay , where high rates of wading birds and water birds are killed . Large animals are more likely to be hit on I-280 and State Route 17 , particularly near areas of parks and open spaces . Meanwhile , many areas along State Route 94 in San Diego County have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . Highway 70 in Plumas County and near Portola also has high rates of roadkill , particularly deer . And on the North Coast , both State Routes 101 and 20 show high rates of collision between Willits and Lake Mendocino . Fraser Shilling , co-director of the Road Ecology Center at University of California , Davis , says it is the largest wildlife monitoring system in the state . It features more than 29,000 sightings of more than 390 of California 's 680 native vertebrate species . The report 's findings cover about 40 per cent of the total state highway system . Meanwhile , the public are being encouraged to submit entries , including photographs , to add to the map . ` These data help identify places where immediate action is warranted , ' says Shilling , who is also a research scientist with the UC Davis department of environmental science and policy . According to Caltrans and California Highway Patrol statistics , there are about 1,000 reported accidents each year on state highways involving deer , livestock , and other wildlife . There is one long hotspot in the circled area , representing 20 miles of SR190 . The 419 roadkill observations of 36 species within the hotspot were collected between April 2011 and October , 2014 . Many areas along State Route 94 in San Diego County have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . The drought may be increasing the number of roadkill , as animals seem to be putting themselves at greater risk to find food and water sources , crossing roads they may not have in the past . While deer tend to use landscape ` corridors ' when migrating , most other species do not appear to be using them . Landscape corridors , also known as wildlife corridors , are strips of land intended to connect parks and other wildlife reserves . But the roadkill data suggest that most animals tend to cross where they can , regardless of the location of these corridors . Birds are among the most common wildlife group types killed by road collisions . For instance , there is a high rate of barn owl roadkill where I-5 runs through agricultural lands of the Central Valley . Without trees or other elevated structures by the highways , the owls swoop down for prey without considering the trucks and other vehicles coming toward them . In what has not always been a popular suggestion , Shilling recommends for these areas planting vegetation such as oleander and ice plant , non-native species that repel rather than attract wildlife to the roadsides . ` You have a sterile , dangerous place - the roadway , ' Shilling says . ` You do n't want to attract animals there . ' The drought may be increasing the number of roadkill , as animals seem to be putting themselves at greater risk to find food and water sources , crossing roads they may not have in the past . The long continuous hotspot represents 681 roadkill observations of 57 animal species . This isout of a total for the highway of 899 observations of 66 total species collected by 7 roadkillobservers , between October 2010 and October 2014 .