Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi -LRB- illustrated -RRB- as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features . A new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants , despite being closely related to notorious carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex , has been discovered in Chile . Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics , including its small skull and feet . These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor , Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus , from which birds today evolved - but was a vegetarian . The presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds , but Chilesaurus shows that a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than first thought . The dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period , around 145 million years ago , is named after the country where it was discovered , as well as honouring Diego Suárez , who discovered the bones . The seven-year-old came across the fossils at the Toqui Formation in southern Chile when he and his sister , Macarena were looking for decorative stones . They were playing at the site because their geologist parents , Manuel Suarez and Rita de la Cruz were studying rocks with the aim to better understand the formation of the Andes mountain range . Experts initially thought Diego had unearthed several species , due to Chilesaurus ' unusual combination of features . However , more than a dozen specimens have now been excavated , including four skeletons , which demonstrate that the dinosaur combined a variety of unique anatomical traits . The dinosaur has been likened to a platypus , which is one of the most unusual creatures in the animal kingdom , because it 's one of very few mammal to lay eggs , has venomous spurs and a paddle-shaped tail like a beaver , as well as webbed feet and a bill like a duck , among other idiosyncrasies . Most of the specimens discovered are the size of a turkey , but some isolated bones reveal the maximum size of Chilesaurus was around 10 feet -LRB- three metres -RRB- long , according to Chilean and Argentinian palaeontologists from institutions including the University of Birmingham who have studied the skeletons . Unusual : Fossils dating from the Late Jurassic Period , around 145 million years ago , reveal an unusual combination of features from various dinosaur groups , including relatively short arms , a long neck , small head and leaf-shaped teeth -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Bizarre : Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics including its small skull and feet , which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . The dinosaur itself , has a lengthy neck and must have had good balance -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics . The Late Jurassic dinosaur lived 145 million years ago . It has a small skull and feet , which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . Chilesaurus has robust forelimbs similar to Jurassic theropods such as Allosaurus , but has two blunt fingers instead of sharp claws , like the Velociraptor , for example . Chilesaurus ' pelvic girdle resembles that of the ornithischian dinosaurs - beaked , herbivorous dinosaurs such as stegosaurs and Iguanadon . It has leaf-shaped teeth , similar to those of primitive long-neck dinosaurs . Most unusually , the animal was a vegetarian , despite belonging the theopod family of dinosaurs , which were mostly fierce meat eaters . The dinosaur ranged in size from as small as a turkey to 10 ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- long . They discovered that Chilesaurus has robust forelimbs similar to Jurassic theropods such as Allosaurus . But its hands have two blunt fingers , instead of sharp claws like its fellow theropod the Velociraptor . Chilesaurus ' pelvic girdle resembles that of the ornithischian dinosaurs - beaked , herbivorous dinosaurs such as stegosaurs and Iguanadon - whereas it is actually classified in the other basic dinosaur division -- Saurischia , according to the study published in the journal Nature . The different parts of the body of Chilesaurus were adapted to a particular diet and way of life , which was similar to other groups of dinosaurs . As a result of these habits , different regions of the body of Chilesaurus evolved resembling those present in other , unrelated groups of dinosaurs - a phenomenon called evolutionary convergence . Chilesaurus represents one of the most extreme cases of evolutionary convergence . For example , its leaf-shaped teeth are similar to those of primitive long-neck dinosaurs because they were selected over millions of years as a result of a similar diet between these two lineages of dinosaurs . ` Chilesaurus can be considered a `` platypus '' dinosaur because different parts of its body resemble those of other dinosaur groups due to mosaic convergent evolution , ' Martín Ezcurra , a researcher at the University of Birmingham explained . Painstaking : Close inspection of the fossils revealed that Chilesaurus has robust forelimbs similar to Jurassic theropods such as Allosaurus . But its hands have two blunt fingers , instead of sharp claws like its fellow theropod , the Velociraptor . The process of excavating the skeleton is shown . The presence of herbivorous theropods was , up until now , only known in close relatives of birds but Chilesaurus -LRB- illustrated left -RRB- shows that a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than thought . Its fossils were found at the Toqui Formation in southern Chile , marked with a red star on the map , right . ` In this process , a region or regions of an organism resemble others of unrelated species because of a similar mode of life and evolutionary pressures . ` Chilesaurus provides a good example of how evolution works in deep time and it is one of the most interesting cases of convergent evolution documented in the history of life . ` Chilesaurus shows how much data is still completely unknown about the early diversification of major dinosaur groups . ' He believes that this study will force palaeontologists to take more care in identifying fragmented and isolated dinosaur bones . Dr Fernando Novas , of the Bernardino Rivadavia Natural Sciences Museum in Buenos Aires , Argentina , led the research on Chilesaurus . Seven-year-old Diego Suárez -LRB- pictured left -RRB- came across the fossils when he and his sister , Macarena , were looking for decorative stones . He was at the site while his his geologist parents , Manuel Suarez -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and Rita de la Cruz were studying rocks with the aim to better understand the formation of the Andes . Experts initially thought Diego had unearthed several species , due to Chilesaurus ' unusual combination of features . Here , a palaeontologist painstakingly excavates the fossils . He said : ` Chilesaurus is the first complete dinosaur from the Jurassic Period found in Chile and represents one of the most complete and anatomically correct documented theropod dinosaurs from the southern hemisphere . ` Although plant-eating theropods have been recorded in North America and Asia , this is the first time a theropod with this characteristic has been found in a southern landmass . ` Chilesaurus was an odd plant-eating dinosaur only to be found in Chile . ` However , the recurrent discovery in beds of the Toqui Formation of its bones and skeletons clearly demonstrates that Chilesaurus was , by far , the most abundant dinosaur in southwest Patagonia 145 million years ago . ' The lineage of huge meat-eating dinosaurs that transformed into agile flying birds were able to survive because they shrank over the course of 50 million years . This is the conclusion scientists came to after constructing a detailed family tree of dinosaurs and their bird descendants , mapping the unlikely transformation . The tree showed that the branch of theropod dinosaurs , which gave rise to modern birds , were the only dinosaurs that kept getting smaller . The lineage of huge meat-eating dinosaurs that transformed into agile flying birds were able to survive because they shrank over 50 million years . This is the conclusion scientists came to after constructing a detailed family tree of dinosaurs and their bird descendants , mapping their unlikely transformation . Theropods , meaning ` beast-footed ' , were a group of dinosaurs which include the carnivorous dinosaurs Tyrannosaurus , Velociraptor and Spinosaurus . ` These bird ancestors also evolved new adaptations , such as feathers , wishbones and wings , four times faster than other dinosaurs , ' said co-author Darren Naish , a palaeontologist at the University of Southampton . Lead author Associate Professor Michael Lee , from the University of Adelaide , said : ` Birds evolved through a unique phase of sustained miniaturisation in dinosaurs . ' ` Being smaller and lighter in the land of giants , with rapidly evolving anatomical adaptations , provided these bird ancestors with new ecological opportunities , such as the ability to climb trees , glide and fly . ` Ultimately , this evolutionary flexibility helped birds survive the deadly meteorite impact which killed off all their dinosaurian cousins . ' Researchers examined over 1,500 anatomical traits of dinosaurs to reconstruct their family tree . They used mathematical modelling to trace evolving adaptions and changing body size over time and across dinosaur branches .