Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . A disappointed Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . With the Duchess of Cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child , the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May . Harry , who will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival , had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign . He was dragging out his return until tonight in the hope of getting to meet the new little prince or princess . But with Duchess now several days overdue , Harry is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army , followed by a week long official tour of New Zealand . Instead he spent time playing doting uncle to his nephew , Prince George , who turns two in July , at the Cambridge 's apartment at Kensington Palace . Kate and her husband , Prince William , had been told to expect their new son or daughter -- who will be fourth in line to the throne -- by Saturday , according to sources . The Duchess -- whose son , Prince George , was also around a week late - herself told well-wishers earlier this year that the new little prince or princess was due ` mid to late April ' . When Prince George 's little brother or sister is born the news will be revealed to royal correspondents in a press release followed by an announcement two minutes on the Kensington and Buckingham Palace social media accounts on Twitter and Instagram . Details of their arrival -- including their six , birth weight and details of the attending medical staff - will then be posted in the traditional way on an easel outside Buckingham Palace . Scroll down for video . Although palace officials have barred media from camping outside the private Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , where Kate is due to give birth , in order to prevent what they describe as a ` media circus ' , excitement was mounting yesterday with royal ` superfans ' continuing their own round-the-clock vigil . The Duchess -- whose son , Prince George , was also around a week late - herself told well-wishers earlier this year that the new little prince or princess was due ` mid to late April ' Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey -LRB- pictured -RRB- to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign . The mounting tension saw bookmakers ' cash in with a flurry of bets on everything from the time of birth to the new baby 's name -- and even their hair and eye colour . Prince Harry will no doubt be encouraged to see that 4/1 odds are being offered for the baby to be a fellow red head . Ladbrokes customers appeared to favour Arthur for a boy , with odds collapsing to 8/1 , and Alice remaining the hot favourite for a girl with odds of just 5/4 . Some were still hankering after Diana -LRB- 14/1 -RRB- , in memory of William 's late mother , or even Elizabeth in honour of the Queen -LRB- 6/1 -RRB- . The firm said one male customer in the Manchester area had bet £ 10,000 on the new baby being a girl , the largest single wager so far received . Spokesman , Jessica Bridge , said : ` As far as the money is concerned they will soon welcome Princess Alice into the family . ' Coral said yesterday that it had seen a slew of bets come in that the baby will arrive today -LRB- Monday -RRB- -- now 6/1 joint favourite -- with odds of 10-1 that the nation is still waiting at the end of the week . Many bookmakers are also offering 4/1 odds of the couple welcoming their new child into the world on Wednesday -- their fourth wedding anniversary . Prince William and Kate pose with their son Prince George at the National History Museum in London . Preparations have been made outside the Lindo Wing of the hospital for the huge crowds expected to welcome the royal birth - with the Duchess said to be up to four days overdue . As the ` spare to the heir ' , it is unlikely that the duke and duchess 's new baby will accede to the throne -- although it is not unheard of . Most recently the Queen 's own father became King George VI when his elder brother , King Edward VIII , unexpectedly abdicated over his love for ` unsuitable ' American divorcee Wallis Simpson . Thanks to recent changes in the law of succession , if the new baby is girl then their claim to the throne can not be superseded by a younger brother , should William and Kate go on to have a third child . She will also be known as HRH Princess -LRB- forename -RRB- of Cambridge after the Queen altered a century-old ruling in the run up to Prince George 's birth which had meant that only the eldest son of a Prince of Wales -LRB- as well as the children of a monarch and the sons of those children -RRB- was entitled to the honour . The new arrival will also bump Prince Andrew out of the ` top five ' for the first time . He will drop to sixth in line to the throne . His eldest daughter , Princess Beatrice , will find herself relegated to seventh -- the advantage being that she will no longer require the Queen 's approval for her marriage . Her younger sister , Princess Eugenie , will become eighth . If the baby is a girl it will be the first Princess of Cambridge to be born for 182 years . Kate has said in the past that she favours a boy but that her husband rather likes the idea of a girl . Grandfather Prince Charles has said he would like a girl -- while his late wife , Diana , Princess of Wales , always longed for a daughter .