Debt : Parents are getting into debt by letting their adult children live at home for longer . Grown-up children who are still in their family home are living the ` life of Riley ' while unknowingly pushing their parents into debt , research shows . The so-called ` boomerang generation ' are placing their parents under serious financial pressure by living at home even in their twenties and thirties . Now , debt organisations have warned that parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills amid fears the British ` stiff upper lip ' makes them reluctant to admit when they need help . Experts claim grown-up children still living at home are often completely unaware that they are forcing their parents further into debt . Research revealed that as many as three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them . But only 42 per cent charge their children rent -- with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask . And even if they manage to ask their offspring to contribute , most charge them just £ 150 a month , compared with a typical UK rent of £ 750 . On top of this , 80 per cent still buy their adult child 's groceries , and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night , according to the study by website TopCashBack . Parents expressed concern that their children could not afford to move out or were struggling to save for a house deposit . But the survey found the average salary of a grown-up child living at home is £ 26,000 , giving them a comfortable £ 1,000 in disposable income each month . Half of parents who did charge rent admitted they relied on that money to cover living expenses such as groceries and utility bills . Food for thought : Eight out of ten parents survey said they still bought their children 's groceries for them . In fact , a second study released today revealed that many debt-ridden parents are falling into deeper financial trouble because of their stay-at-home children . According to debt management specialist PayPlan , a third of parents in debt who have grown-up children living at home have been forced to take out a loan to meet the costs of housing and feeding them . Young adults brought up on the internet are beset by loneliness because they make friends online rather than face to face , a survey reveals . It found many of the so-called Facebook generation of internet-obsessed people in their late teens , twenties and early thirties say they feel lonely . One in seven of those who find it hard to make friends are too scared to talk to strangers . Their fear of relationships appears linked to how they usually communicate -- by text , Facebook and email . But unlike older generations they seem to have no time or inclination to talk to their neighbours . The survey of nearly 2,500 people by The Big Lunch community campaign undermines the idea that loneliness mostly affects the elderly . Dr Rebecca Harris of the University of Bolton , who worked on the poll , said : ` Our brains treat loneliness the same as physical pain . We 're spending less time having social interaction , we have fewer friends than we 'd like and we 're finding it harder to make new friends . ' But half of these parents say they still refuse to ask their kids to contribute to the household pot . Jane Clack , of PayPlan , said : ` In this country we are renowned for a stiff upper lip , but the truth is that many parents are under emotional strain as a result of their debts . '