I felt as if I was treading on hallowed ground . A leather boot , white with mould , lay half-buried at my feet . Nearby I glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen lying beside the skull of a mule , while strewn all around me were the remains of rusty cans and oil drums . High above on the hilltop stood simple headstones and derelict wooden crosses marking unnamed graves . The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia , used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush . Keith Wolfe Smarch , a First Nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous Chilkoot Trail , where hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to Canada 's frozen wastes during the Klondike Gold Rush . He is descended from Skookum Jim , the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the Yukon in 1896 . The discovery started a stampede along the treacherous mountain track through snowdrifts , blizzards and avalanches , each man weighed down with supplies . The 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over . At the end of the trail they staggered into Bennett , a makeshift city of tents , hotels and saloons at the head of a deep green fjord , where they settled for a brief respite . All that is left of Bennett today is its split-log chapel and station , still used by the White Pass Railway . ` On May 29 , 1898 more than 7,000 roughly hewn rafts set sail , ' Keith told me . ` There was a further 400 miles of hazardous waterways , canyons and rapids to negotiate before they reached their goal . ' Everything in the Yukon is of epic proportions . Bordering Alaska , it is almost twice the size of Britain , with ranges of sparkling snow-crusted peaks , emerald lakes and vast forests . There are few signs of habitation in this pristine wilderness , with only a few roads linking the small communities . Spectacular snowfield : Wendy flew over the world 's largest non-polar icefield in the Kluane National Park . Distances between them are mind-boggling . Locals travel up to 100 miles for their weekly shop , and some days I drove for seven or eight hours along deserted highways , rarely passing another vehicle . In the Kluane National Park , I took a scenic flight over the world 's largest non-polar icefield . We skimmed barren hillsides , almost touching the curly-horned Dall 's sheep balanced on the rocky outcrops . As we soared higher , I looked down on immense snowfields before we swooped over glaciers . Kluane is home to a huge grizzly bear population , so one morning I set off in search of them with retired ranger Brent Liddle and his dog Blue . Carrying pepper spray for protection , he led me around a beautiful turquoise lake and up towards the saddle of King 's Throne Mountain . Clapping hands to warn of our presence , we scrambled along a rocky path , stepping over tangled roots and clambering over fallen logs . Kluane is home to a huge grizzly bear population -LRB- left -RRB- . Right , some of the original Gold Rush prospectors . Suddenly Brent pointed to a spruce tree . The bark was worn away and fresh hairs were glued to the sap . ` A bear has been rubbing his head and back here , ' he explained . Eyes darting in all directions , we proceeded cautiously but there was no sign of the grizzly . I was quite relieved . In fact I saw more wildlife along the roadside than I did on foot , sometimes stopping the car only yards from black bears guzzling on dandelions among carpets of fireweed and blue lupins . At Tombstone Territorial Park we pulled in to watch caribou grazing on the tundra and beavers paddling to their lodge , mouths crammed with twigs . Unless you stay at one of the designated campsites , accommodation in the parks is limited . My favourite was the Tagish Wilderness Lodge - a speedboat whisks you across a lake on a 45-minute journey from the nearest road . Four log cabins are hidden in the trees , yards from the water 's edge . The main building consists of a spacious living area decorated with moose and caribou antlers , luxury bathrooms and a pine-scented sauna . Dawson City , epicentre of the Gold Rush , was the largest city in Western Canada back in 1898 . Wendy pans for gold . . and finds a precious nugget . My hosts , Gebhard and Sarah , took me on boat trips along the shoreline and hikes up into the hinterland , passing their heatsensor camera on the way . In the evenings we 'd upload the photos showing a lynx , bear and wolf prowling past . I loved the sense of isolation . I spent hours on the jetty watching speckled loons diving for fish . Occasionally a young moose would venture tentatively into the water nearby while bald eagles flew overhead . The views were breathtaking and the silence so intense I could hear a pine needle drop . My last stop was Dawson City , epicentre of the Gold Rush . In 1898 it was the largest city in Western Canada . Now a UNESCO World Heritage Site , it looks much the same , with painted weatherboard houses and wooden boardwalks lining unpaved streets . Archive film in the visitor centre shows the city crowded with prospectors in dark suits and bowler hats . Now the restored buildings stand hugger-mugger with rusty , corrugated-iron shacks sinking slowly into the ground due to the permafrost . Head to Diamond Tooth Gertie 's if you want to watch can-can shows or play blackjack with tourists from the cruise ships . I preferred The Pit , the bar in the Westminster Hotel , where I had a beer with locals and listened to live country music . Just a couple of miles away in Bonanza Creek , I met up with Sylvia and her sister , Ginny , who are both descended from an original prospector . Their site at Claim 33 was close to the spot where Skookum Jim made his historic find . Handing me a pan of gravel , Sylvia demonstrated how to sieve and sluice it . As I shook the pan back and forth , dipping it in water to drain off the excess sand , I stopped short . A tiny nugget was glistening in the bottom of the pan . I had found my own crock of gold . Windows on the Wild -LRB- www.windowsonthewild.com , 020 8742 1556 -RRB- offers a 14-night Yukon Explored fly-drive holiday from £ 2,825 pp , including accommodation , return flights from the UK to Whitehorse , fully inclusive car hire , five guided hikes and some meals . For more details , go to www.travelyukon.com .