An Indian farmer hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children . With furious demonstrations going on below him in the capital Delhi , Ganjendra Singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital . The demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party , including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal . They came in for harsh criticism after the protests were allowed to continue , despite Mr Singh 's death . Tragic : Ganjendra Singh , 41 , hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children . Horror : With furious demonstrations going on below him in the capital Delhi , Ganjendra Singh was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . Before taking his own life , Mr Singh through a suicide note into the crowd gathered below . ` I am the son of a farmer . He threw me out of home because of damage to the crop . I have three children . I do n't have the money to feed my children . Hence , I want to commit suicide , ' it read . Police said Mr Singh was originally from Dausa , a town in western Rajasthan state . The Aam Admi Party organized the rally , attended by nearly 1,500 people , opposing changes to the Land Acquisition Act introduced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's government . Critics say the changes would make it easier for businesses and the government to buy land and that may disadvantage farmers . However it is believed Mr Singh 's crops were devastated by unseasonable rain and hailstorms in March that destroyed large areas of farmland in northern and western India and has led to dozens of debt-ridden farmers killing themselves . Tending the land : Indian farmers and opposition parties have been protesting against a government plan to ease rules for obtaining land for industry and development projects in the country . Working : Farmer Moneswar Kathar walks after irrigating his paddy field at Khetri village earlier this afternoon . Last night heavy rain and hail storm killed at least 32 people , injured more than 100 , and caused extensive damage to farms in northeastern parts of Bihar state . Most of the deaths were caused by tin roofs that were blown off of poor people 's huts by winds reaching 40 miles per hour . Authorities launched relief efforts in 10 districts hit by the storm . The area is about 225 miles northeast of Patna , the state capital . The storm subsided before daybreak but left extensive damage to the winter wheat crop in its wake . Nitish Kumar , Bihar 's top elected official , said the storm also damaged mango and lychee crops . During the protest hours later Mr Singh climbed a tree in the Indian capital Delhi and hanged himself with a rope . In northern Uttar Pradesh state , more than three dozen other farmers also took their own lives , according to the state 's government . The largely agrarian state - India 's most populous , with 210 million people - declared a state of emergency to seek federal compensation .