With her mother by her side and nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo already in charge of the nursery , the Duchess of Cambridge wo n't be short of help when the new baby arrives . But Carole Middleton and Ms Borrallo are n't the only ones on standby as the birth of the spare to Prince George 's heir approaches . Waiting in the wings is Kate 's fiercely loyal inner circle , a mix of school friends , society types and family members such as younger sister Pippa . So who 's who ? FEMAIL reveals who will be helping the Duchess as she gets to grips with life as a mother of two . PIPPA MIDDLETON . More than just sisters , the Duchess of Cambridge and her younger sibling are also best friends who spend as much time together as possible . 31-year-old Pippa recently returned to London after spending several days with boyfriend Nico Jackson in Geneva and will be close at hand when the baby arrives . Close : The Duchess of Cambridge is extremely close to her 31-year-old sister Pippa Middleton . Her role will echo the one she has played with Prince George , who was described as being ` amazing ' by his besotted aunt in an interview last July . Speaking to the Today show last July , Pippa said : ` He 's amazing , a very dear boy . He has brought a lot of pleasure and fun for all of us , the whole family . ' Despite her busy schedule , author and athlete , Miss Middleton is a regular visitor to Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall and was part of the party that holidayed with William , Kate and George in Mustique in January . Friends : Pippa , pictured laughing at Wimbledon with her sister , could be godmother to Kate 's second child . Quality time : Pippa , seen ahead of Kate 's 2011 wedding , says she still spends a lot of time with her sister . Added Pippa : ` We spend a lot of time together . We still do a lot together as a family . And I think that 's really the heart for all of us is having a really close family that we can sort of be normal with each other , treat each other normally . ` And that 's sort of kept us all , you know , affixed to the ground . ' But it has n't been all smooth sailing for Pippa , who sources revealed has been a cause of concern to her royal in-laws thanks to her high profile . As a result , she was not among the godparents chosen for Prince George , with royal insiders saying it would have piled even more pressure onto her shoulders . Nevertheless , she has been widely tipped to make it onto the list for royal baby number two - possibly alongside Prince Harry . Wider family : Pippa , behind Kate , posed for Prince George 's official christening in October 2013 . CAROLE MIDDLETON . She 's been described as a ` super-granny ' who boasts a starring role in Prince George 's life and oversight of the royal nursery . Now Carole Middleton , 60 , is set to do the same for her second grandchild and , according to royal sources , will be part of his or her first few days . Although the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge decamped to the Middleton 's Berkshire home shortly after the birth of Prince George , this time they will head to Anmer Hall in Norfolk instead . Mrs Middleton is expected to join them there along with proud grandfather Michael and will help Prince George adjust to life as a big brother . Matriarch : Carole Middleton has made no secret of her desire to be a hands-on grandmother . First on the scene : Carole has a central role in Kate 's life and was among the first to meet Prince George . Involved : Carole , who helped plan the 2011 Royal Wedding , is expected to spend more time at Anmer Hall . The baby is also likely to spend time at the Middletons ' £ 4.5 m country pile , which frequently sees visits from William and Kate . Carole , who to her credit provided a happy and secure childhood for her three children , has made no secret of her desire to be a hands-on grandmother and , as she has with Prince George , is likely to take the new arrival on jaunts to farmers ' markets and to the zoo . EMILIA JARDINE-PATERSON . A friend of William 's from his teenage years and a schoolfriend of Kate 's from Marlborough College , glamorous Emilia Jardine-Paterson has been credited with introducing the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . Her husband David Jardine-Paterson is the scion of a Scottish landowning family descended from the illustrious Hong Kong banking Jardines and was a contemporary of Prince William 's at Eton . Like his wife , Mr Jardine-Paterson also has a Middleton connection : his younger brother , JJ , went out with Pippa for four years . Close connection : David and Emila Jardine-Paterson are old school friends of William and Kate . Although there have been a few bumps over the years , Mrs Jardine-Paterson , who is one of Prince George 's seven godparents , has become a fixture in royal circles . Mrs Jardine-Paterson , an interior designer , is also thought to be partly responsible for the recent redecoration of Anmer Hall , having provided the Duchess with design tips for fabrics , trimmings and furniture . ALICIA FOX-PITT . A 6ft redhead , Alicia Fox-Pitt , the younger sister of Olympic eventing star William , is a loyal friend of Kate 's from her Marlborough College days . Indeed , it was Ms Fox-Pitt who recruited Kate for the now famous Sisterhood rowing team , which planned to cross the Channel for charity . ` She 's been training with us , ' said Ms Fox-Pitt at the time . ` All being well she will be in the boat . She is a very gifted sportswoman and we played a lot of sport together at school . ' The Duchess , who was midway through her temporary separation from Prince William at the time , bowed out when the couple reunited . Nevertheless , the pair remain close friends and Alicia , who married entrepreneur Sebastian Stoddart in 2013 , shares Kate 's love of all things sport . Close : Alicia Fox-Pitt is a loyal friend of Kate 's from her Marlborough College days and a keen athlete . Rowing : Alicia recruited Kate for the famous Sisterhood rowing team , which planned to cross the Channel . ZARA TINDALL . Princess Anne 's daughter Zara might be William 's first cousin but the Olympic silver medallist is just as close to Kate . The two , who had their first children just six months apart , are said to be really ` good chums ' who were thrilled to have had babies so near each other . They are on the ` same wavelength ' , a source told the Mail on Sunday . ` They like to live and eat organically and Zara has helped Kate get over her fear of horses . ` They share many jokes and Kate can relax in her presence more than any other royal cousin . ' ` Good chums ' : Kate and Zara are said to have been thrilled to have had babies so close to each other . Godmother : Zara , seen here with husband Mike Tindall at the Chapel Royal , is godmother to Prince George . NATASHA ARCHER . Her job title might be Kensington Palace PA but Natasha - or Tash as she is fondly known - has become a close confidante and travels around the world with the Duchess . Miss Archer 's first foray into the public eye came in July 2013 when she was one of the few people to visit the then newborn Prince George while still at the Lindo Wing . The 28-year-old , who studied Hispanic Studies at King 's College London , was seen carrying a dress bag and baby car seat as she made her way inside alongside hairdresser Amanda Cook Tucker . PA : Natasha Archer - or Tash as she is fondly known - has become a close confidante of Kate . Stylist : Although officially Kate 's PA , she also dispenses fashion advice to the Duchess of Cambridge . Miss Archer was also a key part of the team to travel Down Under last April and was seen hauling an armful of garment bags off the Royal Australian Air Force jet that flew the couple to Wellington , New Zealand for the first leg of the tour . ` Natasha 's main role is as a PA , but over the last few months she has assisted Kate as a style adviser , ' a source told Grazia magazine . ` Natasha and Kate get on very well . She has always supported and advised Kate - and the Duchess loves Natasha 's style , so it seemed like an obvious appointment . ` Natasha has been helping Kate pick outfits for the tour . ' Helping out : The 28-year-old , pictured here in Wellington , also accompanied Kate on the tour Down Under . NATASHA RUFUS ISAACS AND LAVINIA BRENNAN . Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs is an old friend of the Duchess - and is married to Kate 's former boyfriend Rupert Finch with whom she recently welcomed baby daughter Georgia . Her father , the Marquess of Reading , is also close to Prince Charles and as a result , Lady Natasha has known Prince William since she was a little girl . Lady Natasha also has a fashion connection to the Duchess and runs one of Kate and Pippa 's favourite brands , Beulah London , alongside fashion designer and best friend , Lavinia Brennan . Chum : Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs is an old friend of Kate 's and runs Beulah London with Lavinia Brennan . The design duo are part of an exclusive group of designers to be worn regularly by the Duchess , who memorably opted for a bespoke Beulah London dress for her visit to a Malaysian mosque in 2012 . ` We never know when she is going to wear something , but we do know she has when we see a push on the website , ' said Miss Brennan of the Kate effect . ` It 's only ever a little one and it 's always from the US . We do n't sell out overnight . ' ALICE ST JOHN WEBSTER . Alice was in the same year as Kate at Marlborough College , the Wiltshire public school that Pippa also attended . During their school years , Ms St. John Webster was in the school tennis team with Pippa and Kate and also attended Edinburgh University with Miss Middleton , where she studied French and Spanish . An integral member of the ` Glosse Posse ' , the young and glamorous Gloucestershire polo set , she is also a close friend of Guy Pelly and Alicia Fox-Pitt . At the Royal Wedding , Ms St John Webster was given a prime seat in the Statesmen 's Aisle , next to Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs , and behind Prince William 's ex-girlfriend , Arabella Musgrave . The mother-of-one , who is married to Gerald Alvenel , a French banker at Merrill Lynch , now lives in Fulham -LRB- well-placed for visits to Kensington Palace -RRB- and teaches French and Spanish .