The largest single high-definition map of mysterious dark matter has been produced . It is the first in a series of maps of the cosmos that will eventually allow a 3D view of dark matter across one eighth of the night sky . And the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe . University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map -LRB- shown -RRB- . It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . Red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less . The moon is shown top left for scale . A team from the University of Manchester , led by Dr Sarah Bridle , has spent the past two years measuring the shapes of galaxies used to construct the map . And the map was released today at the April meeting of the American Physical Society in Baltimore , Maryland . It was created using data captured by the Dark Energy Camera , a 570-megapixel imaging device that is the primary instrument for the Dark Energy Survey -LRB- DES -RRB- led by Fermilab in the US . The survey uses the 13ft -LRB- four metres -RRB- Victor M. Blanco Telescope located at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory -LRB- CTIO -RRB- in Chile . When physicists study the dynamics of galaxies and the movement of stars , they are confronted with a mystery . If they only take visible matter into account , their equations simply do n't add up ; the elements that can be observed are not sufficient to explain the rotation of objects and the existing gravitational forces . There is something missing . From this they deduced that there must be an invisible kind of matter that does not interact with light but does , as a whole , interact by means of the gravitational force . Called ` dark matter ' , this substance appears to make up at least 80 per cent of the matter in the known universe . And the project is run overall as part of the five-year Dark Energy Survey -LRB- DES -RRB- , and is the largest map of this detail . Of course , we ca n't actually directly observe dark matter yet - so the survey instead looks for its noticeable effect on galaxies . Studying this enables the predicted amounts of dark matter in a given area to be mapped , based on its gravitational effects . ` Dark matter could equally be called `` transparent matter '' , because we see things behind it that gets distorted by gravity , ' Dr Bridle told MailOnline . In the map she explained we 're seeing about 150 times the area of the full moon , which is about 0.4 per cent of the whole sky . The goal of the DES is to map 12.5 per cent of the entire sky , creating a 3D map of dark matter - and dark energy . ` It is amazing to see a map of the dark matter over such a large region of the sky , and the full Dark Energy Survey mass map will be more than 30 times bigger still , ' Dr Bridle said in a separate statement . ` Analysis of the clumpiness of the dark matter in the maps will also allow us to probe the nature of the mysterious dark energy , believed to be causing the expansion of the universe to speed up . ' This mosaic image shows the different telescope shots that were combined to make the dark matter map . The survey has just completed its second year . As scientists expand their search they 'll be able to better test current cosmological theories by comparing the amounts of dark and visible matter . The survey has just completed its second year . As scientists expand their search , they 'll be able to better test current cosmological theories by comparing the amounts of dark and visible matter . Those theories suggest that , since there is much more dark matter in the universe than visible matter , galaxies will form where there are large concentrations of dark matter -LRB- and hence stronger gravity -RRB- present . So far , the DES analysis backs this up . The maps show large filaments of matter along which visible galaxies and galaxy clusters lie and cosmic voids where very few galaxies reside . Follow-up studies of some of the enormous filaments and voids , and the enormous volume of data , collected throughout the survey will reveal more about this interplay of mass and light . These maps show how the amount of dark matter corresponds to the formation rate of galaxies . On the left , galaxies can be seen near dark matter clumps -LRB- in red -RRB- , and further away from sparse regions -LRB- blue -RRB- . The image on the right shows some of the regions of sky that were studied . The team at Manchester analysed 130 million separate telescope images of galaxies to make the map . The process of measuring the galaxies is so complex and time consuming that some of the world 's largest supercomputers are needed to do it . Each time a new catalogue is made it takes about as much computing power as running 500 ordinary desktop computers for two weeks . ` We have to measure the shape of each galaxy - how distorted it is - with extremely high precision , about one part in 1000 , ' said Dr Joe Zuntz , also of the University of Manchester , who has been making the measurements . The survey uses the 13ft -LRB- four metres -RRB- Victor M. Blanco Telescope -LRB- middle -RRB- located at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory -LRB- CTIO -RRB- in Chile , outfitted with a newly designed , state-of-the-art Dark Energy Camera -LRB- DECam -RRB- . It will be completed by 2018 , mapping dark matter of an eighth of the sky in the process . Dark matter , the mysterious substance that makes up 85 per cent of all matter in the universe , is invisible to even the most sensitive astronomical instruments because it does not emit or block light . But its effects can be seen using a technique called gravitational lensing - studying the distortion that occurs when the gravitational pull of dark matter bends light around distant galaxies . Understanding how the clumpiness of dark matter changes with time will reveal the nature of the enigmatic dark energy , which is the ultimate goal of the survey . The dark matter map released makes use of early DES observations and covers only about three percent of the area of sky DES will document over its five-year mission .