Nigella Lawson is returning to the BBC to host a show about ` back to basics ' cooking for the first time since the explosive court case involving her ex-husband Charles Saatchi . The celebrity chef , who last appeared on the channel with Nigellissima in 2012 , will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 , a series which focus on ` a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . The show will mark Nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Mr Saatchi and the subsequent court case , in which she was forced to divulge details of the pair 's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use . Scroll down for video . Nigella Lawson is returning to the BBC for the first time in three years with a new series ` Simply Nigella ' She briefly appeared on screen in the U.S as co-presenter for Taste but was stopped from flying to the country after confessing to taking cocaine during that case . The cook , who has famously fronted shows about cooking decadently , said the new show would be about ` food that makes our life easier , that makes us feel better , more alive and less stressed ' . It is said to be focussing on ` healthy everyday breakfasts and substantial weekend brunches ' , as well as ` quick-to-make , lighter suppers that de-stress ' . Nigella was at the centre of a very public court case in 2013 , after she and Mr Saatchi accused their former assistants of spending £ 685,000 on credit cards given to them for work purposes . Months earlier , the couple 's marriage had come to an abrupt end after Mr Saatchi was pictured with his hand on his wife 's throat in a central London restaurant . But Lisa and Francesca Grillo were acquitted of fraud by a jury . It came despite the fact that Francesca , 35 , had used her family card to spend £ 8,000 on designer clothes in a single day . The show will see the celebrity chef focus on ` a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . Pictured : Nigella in the premiere of Taste , a show she co-hosted in the U.S -LRB- left -RRB- and arriving at Isleworth Crown Court in 2013 -LRB- right -RRB- before giving evidence in the fraud trial of her two assistants . It will be the first time Nigella has appeared on the BBC since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi -LRB- with whom she is pictured -RRB- and the explosive fraud case that followed . Their defence , which involved lurid drug allegations against their former boss , was that the TV cook let them spend whatever they liked providing they kept quiet about her cocaine and cannabis use . The court case also heard Miss Lawson describe her ex-husband as a ` brilliant but brutal man ' who grabbed her throat out of jealousy when she idly wished for grandchildren . She claimed he drove her to drugs with his ` intimate terrorism ' . Referring to details of her doomed marriage to Mr Saatchi being revealed in court , the 54-year-old said : ` To have not only your private life but distortions of your private life put on display is mortifying ' . After their acquittal , the Italian sisters -- dubbed ` the greedy Grillos ' by the prosecution -- said they had merely won their freedom , while Miss Lawson had established herself as a public favourite . Police said at the time they would not be taking any action after Ms Lawson 's admission which came after the end of her marriage to Saatchi . The show will air in autumn this year . Nigella 's return to BBC2 is just one of a number of new commissions for the station , which were unveiled today . Kim Shillinglaw , director of the station , revealed that at least eight new shows would be aired on the taxpayer-funded channel during the coming season . The Great British Pottery Throw Down , to be presented by Sara Cox , is among the new shows to air on the station and is being advertised as ` the Great British Bake Off 's messier cousin ' . Publicised with the tagline : ` It 's messy , it 's hot , it 's pottery , ' the show will see ten amateur potters thrash it out to try and win the ` master of the wheel ' title . The Hairy Bikers have been asked to host a show which attempts to tackle the issues of an ageing nation . Other commissions include the move of popular show Family Guy to the channel , which will move over from BBC3 . The Hairy Bikers have also been asked to host a show which attempts to tackle the issues of an ageing population in Old School by taking pensioners into classrooms to try and improve loneliness . Gareth Malone has also been brought back to the station for new show The Naked Choir , which will see him scour the country for would-be stars , and Hair - a show designed to find the country 's best hairdresser - will also return for another series . Hugo Blick , who wrote The Honourable Woman and The Shadow Line , is also currently in the process of writing a new drama for BBC2 and BAFTA award-winning Stefan Golaszewski will bring a new comedy series called Mum . Daniel Radcliffe and Bill Paxton will star in new factual drama Gamechanger while a hard-hitting documentary series will follow Greater Manchester Police 's new unit investigating sex offences . Gareth Malone -LRB- left -RRB- has been brought back to the station for new show The Naked Choir , which will see him scour the country for would-be stars , while Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- right -RRB- will star in new drama Gamechanger . Announcing the new commissions , Ms Shillinglaw said : ` BBC Two is in great shape . From the critical and ratings success of Wolf Hall , BBC Two 's biggest drama series in at least 13 years and Banished , which was our fourth highest drama series launch , to stand out seasons on Food , The Super Rich And Us , Taking Liberties and our Holocaust Memorial content , we 've got people talking and watching the channel in significant numbers . ` The sheer range and quality of content I 'm announcing today demonstrates the unique role BBC Two plays in enhancing people 's lives and contributing to the creative life of the UK . ` From enabling British writing , presenting and directing talent to do their most distinctive , signature work to Factual with real purpose that tackles contemporary issues in lively , intelligent ways or encourages viewers to take their passions further , I want BBC Two to be the place to come for widest range of grown up , opinionated and entertaining content on British television . '