Who has been Liverpool 's player of the season ? Had you asked that question 12 months ago , the answer would have been glaring : Luis Suarez . For his 31 goals and his breathtaking displays , the accolade could only have gone to the Uruguayan . It was not , though , a case of him operating alone . Had it been a ` normal ' season , Steven Gerrard , Daniel Sturridge , Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling would all have been worthy recipients . But they were not the only contenders . Jordan Henderson was outstanding . Martin Skrtel was a big presence . Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool 's player of last season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign . Steven Gerrard -LRB- left -RRB- and Phillippe Coutinho -LRB- front -RRB- also played well as Liverpool 's title tilt fell short . The Brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team . As well as scoring the winner , he had the most shots , most touches , the highest duel success , highest dribble completion , and the most tackles . Fast forward to the present and ask the same question : who has been Liverpool 's player of the season ? There is no obvious candidate . Henderson , of course , would have his backers . The England international has excelled since the turn of the year , while Coutinho would command his share of the vote . Brendan Rodgers suggested after the Brazilian 's fabulous goal against Manchester City on March 1 he might be a contender for PFA Young Player of Year but , at times since , his flame has not flickered so brightly . Sterling had three blistering months when his goals were key to reviving fortunes . Emre Can has caught the eye since Christmas , while results have been better with Lucas Leiva in the team ; Liverpool have only suffered three defeats in the 23 matches he has started . And that explains why Liverpool are where they are at the moment . There have been lots of satisfactory contributions , a few excellent , but there has n't been anywhere near the consistency of 12 months ago . Jordan Henderson has chipped in with some important goals and impressed with his boundless energy . Coutinho has again played well and won the game for Liverpool to send them into the FA Cup semi-finals . Coutinho has popped up with some important goals this season -- five of his six strikes have earned Liverpool results -LRB- four wins and a draw -RRB- . It is why they find themselves on the wrong side of the line for Champions League places and why they have made such heavy weather of this FA Cup campaign . For long periods here they flattered to deceive . Sterling saw little of the ball and Sturridge continued to show how out of form he is . The goals have dried up for Rodgers ' side over the course of the last month -- they had only scored seven in their previous six matches before this game . Rodgers must have feared the worst as Simon Mignolet kept his side 's Wembley dreams alive with two stunning saves early in the second period , but then , much to his relief , up popped Coutinho . There is still time , of course , for one of Rodgers ' squad to emerge as the absolute best of this bunch ; on May 19 , a gala dinner will be held at the city 's Echo Arena when the successor to Suarez will be announced . Daniel Sturridge 's injury-hit season has been a tempestuous affair for the out-of-sorts striker . Raheem Sterling was denied of service at Ewood Park during a frustrating display for the contract rebel . At this moment , nobody is better placed than Coutinho . If Liverpool are going to clamber into the top four -- still a possibility given Liverpool 's implosion -- and win the FA Cup , much will depend on the little Brazilian . He proved he had what it takes to settle a frantic collision at Ewood Park . Rodgers needs him to show that right through until the end of May .