A litter of adorable baby foxes are being looked after they were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park in Pennsylvania . The newborn cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park , who noticed the box sitting next to a clothing donation bin . When she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes -- thought to be only 10 days old -- sitting together . Scroll down for video . The baby foxes are being looked after after they were discovered in a cardboard box , left by a clothing donation bin in a car park . The seven cubs weighed around six ounces each when they were taken in by the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center . Three of the rescued red foxes rest with a cuddly toy . Once they have grown and gained strength they will be released back into the wild . The cubs were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center in Stroudsbury , where they are now being cared for . Katherine Uhler , director of the center , said the little creatures - five males and two females - were healthy but dehydrated when they arrived . She said : ` They came in at about six ounces each . ` There are five males , also known as dogs , and two girls known as vixens . ` We know they 're red foxes because even though they 're not red yet , they still have this little white tail . ' The center is spending more than $ 1,000 looking after the foxes , who are being bottle-fed special ` fox milk ' and formula . Ms Uhler added : ` We had to give them rabies vaccinations and feed them fox milk . ` We gave them Pedialyte fluids first then mixed a quart of Fox Valley formula which is designed specifically for baby wild foxes . Vets at the center said they know the cubs are red foxes - among the most common of the species in America - because of their white tales . ` We bottle feed them until they are a little bigger , then they 'll start feeding out of the bowl . ` When they 're finished feeding out of the bowl then we 'll start feeding them what they eat in the wild which is meat , and some vegetables and fruits . ' The pack will be returned back to the wild in July . It is costing the center in Pennsylvania more than $ 1,000 to take care of the group , which includes five male and two female red foxes . The tiny animals were vaccinated against rabies and have been bottle-fed milk to build them up , before they will start feeding from a bowl .