Spain manager Vicente del Bosque was flabbergasted as to how his star-studded side failed to find the back of the net despite taking ` command ' of their friendly defeat by Holland on Tuesday night . Despite the visitors dominating significant periods of the match , it was goals to Holland 's Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen that proved decisive at the Amsterdam ArenA . But it 's Spain 's lack of composure in front of goal that most frustrated Del Bosque . Holland 's Stefan de Vrij meets a cross from Wesley Sneijder to opening the scoring against Spain . Within four minutes Davy Klaasen pounced on the rebound from his own shot after David de Gea 's save . Vicente del Bosque says his Spanish side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes . ` It seems impossible not to have scored ... The first 20 minutes have burdened us , ' Del Bosque said after the match . Guus Hiddink 's side scored twice in the space of four minutes through a 13th-minute De Vrij header from Wesley Sneijder 's cross before Klaassen finished off the rebound from his own shot after it was saved by Manchester United 's David De Gea . ` We have taken command of the game , we 've been all over them , we have reached the penalty area but we lacked a goal . ' Spain 's Mario Suarez puts his hands on his head after a failed attempt on goal at Amsterdam ArenA . Gerard Pique shoots into Dutch keeper Kenneth Vermeer in one a number of good chances for Spain . Spain 's David de Gea shows his frustration during the match dominated by his side but ultimately lost . Del Bosque 's side were unable to atone for the 5-1 World Cup thrashing by the same side , a rematch of the 2010 final they won , which was the beginning of the end of their title defence in Brazil . On the bright side , Del Bosque was impressed with the debuts of Malaga forward Juanmi and Sevilla winger Vitolo . ` The two rookies have had a good performance . Vitolo has been very active and Juanmi looked like scoring , ' Del Bosque added . Sevilla winger Vitolo runs into space as he makes his full international debut for Spain on Tuesday night . Del Bosque was impressed with the match 's other debutant Juanmi -LRB- left -RRB- who ` looked like scoring ' Spain 's next outing will be in Euro 2016 qualifying against Belarus on June 14 . They sit second in group C behind undefeated Slovakia . The Dutch have some work to do in their qualifying campaign as they trail unbeaten Czech Republic and Iceland to be third in group A after five games .