A schoolgirl killed herself by walking in front of a train just weeks after her mother was found murdered , it emerged last night . Friends of 16-year-old Rachelle Owen said the teenager ` just wanted to be with her mum ' Kay Diamond , who was discovered dead in February . Miss Owen died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake Station , Wirral , on Friday night . Police said the death was not being treated as suspicious . Schoolgirl Rachelle Owen , 16 , has died after being struck by a train - just two months after her mother Kay Diamond , 44 , was allegedly murdered . In a statement , her family said they were suffering a double tragedy following the murder of 44-year-old Miss Diamond whose body was found in a flat in Toxteth , Liverpool , on February 28 . A post-mortem examination revealed that she had suffered a severe head injury . A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial . In their statement the family of Miss Owen said : ` Rachelle was a beautiful , vibrant , loved daughter , granddaughter , sister and niece , who attended Hilbre High School Humanities College . She will be greatly missed forever by all of her family and friends . ` This is a double tragedy to our family following the recent death and funeral of her mum , Kay Diamond . ' Last night Hilary Diamond , the mother of Miss Diamond , was too upset to comment on the loss of her granddaughter . A vigil was held in Miss Owen 's memory yesterday , with friends lighting a candle at 8 pm . Floral bouquets and messages have also been laid close to the station where she died at around 9.40 pm on Friday . Tributes have been paid to the schoolgirl after she died at a crossing near Hoylake station on Friday . A tribute site on Facebook described how Miss Owen , of West Kirby , Wirral , has left behind ` many broken hearts ' . It added : ` We will all miss her beautiful smile . ' Her aunt , Stacey Owen , wrote : ` Heaven gained the most beautiful angel . Rachelle Owen . Words ca n't describe how much we will miss you ! Sleep tight . ' Victoria Owen added : ` Keep thinking it wo n't be true and this is a crazy nightmare ! ` So beautiful inside and out , we have all lost a very special person , my gorgeous cousin . ` Sweet dreams Rachelle Owen , you will be missed by so , so many . ' Molly Connor , a friend , wrote : ` RIP my gorgeous girl , God only takes the best . Always and forever in my heart Rach , I love you so much sleep tight my angel . ' Heather Price added : ` So very , very sad . Heartbreaking that she had so much pain . ' Another comment read : ` She just wanted to be with her mum . ' Anthony Blye , of Toxteth , has been charged with Miss Diamond 's murder and is due to enter a plea at Liverpool Crown Court in June .