Two months after it announced it was launching its own mobile network , Google is now looking at ways to get rid of roaming fees . The tech giant is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa , the owner of the Three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . Industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help Google create a global network . Scroll down for video . Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa , the owner of the Three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . Industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help Google create a global network . Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan , regardless of where in the world they are . In particular , a deal with Hutchison would extend the service to the UK , Ireland , Italy and spain . , but the plans would only affect the small base of customers on Google 's plan . Last week Three extending its Feel at Home scheme to Spain and New Zealand . Feel at Home lets Three customers use their phones , and their plans , in the same way they can at home even when they 're in a foreign country . Spain and New Zealand take the total number of Feel at Home countries to 18 . The other nations include France , Switzerland , Israel , Norway , Sri Lanka , Australia , Finland , Indonesia , Macau , Italy , Austria , Hong Kong , Sweden , Denmark , the Republic of Ireland and the USA . Three already offers a similar scheme called Feel at Home that lets customers use their phones and their plans in 18 countries . Google 's vice president Sundar Pichai confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February . It will be initially offered to cities that have Google Fiber , such as Kansas , Texas and Utah and Google is working with network operators on developing the cellular plan . ` You will see us announce it in the coming months , I think we are at a stage where it is important to think about hardware , software and connectability together , ' said the 43-year-old . The rumours of a Google mobile network plan first emerged in April last year . Instead of building masts , Google will buy access to existing 3G and 4G networks at wholesale prices and sell the connectivity back to customers at a cheaper rate . Three already offers a similar scheme called Feel at Home -LRB- pictured -RRB- that lets customers use their phones and their plans for free , in 18 countries . Spain and New Zealand were the latest countries to join this scheme . A mobile virtual network operator -LRB- MVNO -RRB- is a company that offers mobile service plans using existing networks . MVNOs do n't own the infrastructure the networks are built on . Instead , they buy access to parts of these networks at wholesale prices . The company can then use this access to run its own wireless plans and resell the connectivity back to customers - usually at a reduced rate . Lycamobile in the U.S , for example , is an MVNO because it runs on T-Mobile 's network . In the UK , Tesco Mobile shares O2 's , and ultimately Telefonica 's , networks . An MVNO is typically run as an independent company , with its own staff and customer service . This would make Google a mobile virtual network operator -LRB- MVNO -RRB- similar to Lycamobile in the US that runs on T-Mobile 's network , and Tesco Mobile in the UK which shares O2 's networks . MVNOs do n't own the infrastructure the networks are built on . Instead , they buy access to parts of these networks at wholesale prices . The company can then use these network to run its own wireless plans and resell the connectivity back to customers - usually at a reduced rate . Mr Pinchai said : ` We want to be able to experiment along those lines , -LSB- but -RSB- we do n't intend to be a network operator at scale . ' He described the plans as a ` project ' and will do it on a small enough scale to not threaten existing networks . In particular , Mr Pichai said the setup should provide at seamless connection between Wi-Fi and mobile networks . Sources said at the time of the original rumours that any Google-branded mobile network would initially launch in cities that have Google Fiber . Google launched its 1000mps Fiber broadband service in 2011 , starting with Kansas City . Google 's vice president Sundar Pichai -LRB- pictured -RRB- confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February . Instead of building masts , Google will buy access to existing networks and sell connectivity back to customers at a cheaper rate . Travelex has launched a ` Supercard ' that makes fees charged by banks for using your card abroad a thing of the past . Based on an average 10-day holiday , Travelex told MailOnline a family of four could save almost £ 110 . The Supercard looks and works like a standard debit card , but it connects to an app and lets users consolidate multiple cards onto one account . The banking fees are paid for by Travelex and savings are shown in real-time . And if a card is lost or stolen it can be blocked using the app . In 2013 , the firm announced it was expanding the service to Austin in Texas , Provo in Utah and a number of other towns in Missouri and California . More locations are due to be added later this year , but the roll-out is slow because Google has to install the relevant infrastructure needed . Google Fiber starts at $ 70 -LRB- £ 42 -RRB- a month and has been praised for offering high speeds at relatively low prices . Google 's wireless plans would remove some of the costs , and time spent , in setting up its own network and it would equally benefit from using already established and well-connected networks . This could help Google cement itself as an internet service provider . Google could additionally use the network to sell its Nexus range of phones , for example , with contract or service plans .