Sebastian Vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at Ferrari is not a one-off this season . Fresh from Ferrari 's first victory in 35 grands prix in Malaysia 11 days ago , and ending his own 20-race drought , Vettel returned to a hero 's welcome at the team 's factory at Maranello last week . The win allowed Ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in May 2013 at the Spanish Grand Prix courtesy of Fernando Alonso . Sebastian Vettel reflected on his stunning win for Ferrari at the Malaysian Grand Prix during the press conference before the weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai . The four-time world champion shares a friendly discussion with McLaren star Jenson Button . Four-times world champion Vettel said : ` It was a great victory we had in Malaysia , great for us as a team , and for myself a very emotional day - my first win with Ferrari . ` When I returned to the factory on Wednesday , to see all the people there was quite special . There are a lot of people working there and as you can imagine they were very , very happy . ` The team had n't won for quite a while , so they enjoyed the fact they had something to celebrate . There were a couple of rituals involved , so it was nice for them to get that feeling again . ' Asked as to the specific nature of the rituals , Vettel replied : ` I was supposed to be there for simulator work anyway , but it was quite nice to receive the welcome after the win . Ferrari 's Vettel and Britta Roeske arrive at the Shanghai circuit . Along with a Ferrari mechanic , Vettel caught up with members of his old team Red Bull on Thursday . ` All the factory got together for a quick lunch . It was quite nice to have all the people together in one room - it was a big room ! - so we were able to celebrate altogether for a bit . ` I also learned when you win with Ferrari , at the entry gate , they raise a Ferrari flag - and obviously it 's been a long time since they last did that . ` Some 10 years ago there were a lot of flags , especially at the end of a season , so this flag will stay there for the rest of the year . ` We will , of course , try and put up another one sometime soon . ' Inside the Ferrari garage , Vettel shares a discussion with team staff as he looks to build on his Sepang win . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene shares a conversation with Vettel at the team 's hospitality suite . The feeling is that will not happen after this weekend 's race in China as the conditions at the Shanghai International Circuit are expected to suit rivals Mercedes . Not that Vettel believes his success will be a one-off , adding : ` For here and the next races , we should be able to confirm we have a strong package and a strong car . ` We will want to make sure we stay ahead of the people we were ahead of in the first couple of races , but obviously knowing Mercedes are in a very , very strong position . ` In general , for the start of a season things can be up and down , and we want to make sure there is quite a lot of ups , not so many downs . ` But it 's normal in some races you are more competitive than others . ` We managed to do a very good job in Malaysia , but for here and the next races we have to be realistic about we want to achieve . ' Ferrari mechanics show their joy after Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix , helping record the team 's first Formula One win since 2013 at the Spanish Grand Prix .