People looking for low-maintenance animal companions have found their perfect match it seems . Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders . Indeed , on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named Leo . A product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable . ' Photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig . Scroll down for video . Bizarre trend : Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls -LRB- above -RRB- and says she ca n't keep up with orders . Although Yamkovskaia specializes in owls , piglets , cats , pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection . Captivated by the Russian wildlife near her home in Tambov , Yamkovskaia started creating the pet dolls in 2014 . In a bid to get all of the features spot on , she went about collecting close-up photographs of her favorite animals . To make her dolls she often uses real furs - such as mink and fox - which she recycles from old hats , collars or coats . Multi-talented : Although Yamkovskaia -LRB- pictured -RRB- specializes in owls , piglets , cats , pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection . Fresh off the production line : It takes her around two days to produce just one doll . She then carefully sticks the pelts to rigid skeletons . To finish , eyelashes and glass eyes are added . Claws are also applied to the owl and cat models . It takes her around two days to produce just one doll . Along with hand stitching , she also uses a sewing machine to speed up the process . After a picture of her owl dolls went viral on social media last year , Yamkovskaia found herself inundated with hundreds of requests . She has since received orders from all over the world . Caught on camera : After a picture of her owl dolls went viral on social media last year , Yamkovskaia found herself inundated with hundreds of requests . On the shopping website Etsy , Yamkovskaia states in her profile section : ` I sew my toys with love and soul . I think they all are alive . ` I 'll be happy if you find a little friend for yourself among them . Finding your teddy , you get a lot of positivity , love and tenderness . ' The teddy bear maker she 's surprised how popular her creations have been . She also finds it amusing when people mistake them for real creatures . To keep fans up-to-date with her work , she frequently posts photographs to Facebook and Instagram . In response to one of her latest posts , one follower wrote : ` You 're art is sooo beautiful and I 'm in love . '