Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine to cleanse skin and shift make-up . But a new generation of wipes -- known as radiance pads -- promises not only to remove eyeliner and mascara , but also to retexturise and brighten skin and , in some cases , even do away with fine lines and age spots . Scroll down for video . Face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years now but there are a new range of wipes now that promise to not only to remove eyeliner and mascara , but also retexturise and brighten skin -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice , these new pads are beauty game-changers , offering all the benefits of a professional facial in a simple at-home swipe . With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe , Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test ... SKIN-BRIGHTENER . Origins Modern Friction Instant Brightening Pads , £ 31 for 40 , boots.com . THEY CLAIM : A quick sweep of these fruit acid-infused pads is like a professional 30 per cent glycolic peel , and you 'll see results in under a minute . Use twice-weekly . THE TEST : These have a strong , antiseptic-type smell and are a bit abrasive , leaving tingling that lasts a minute or so . Skin feels squeaky-clean and looks instantly shiny and smoother . EXPERT VERDICT : ` Definitely not for sensitive skin and should only be used twice-weekly , as advised . The fruit acid strips off dead cells and works to make skin brighter and smoother . ` But the harsh ingredients do open the skin to moisture loss , so follow with a moisturiser with a high SPF to protect skin . ' GENTLY GLOWING . First Aid Beauty Facial Radiance Pads , £ 22 for 60 , feelunique.com . THEY CLAIM : Cucumber and Indian gooseberry tone the skin , while lemon and liquorice root leave it glowing . The pads reduce visible pores , improve clarity and diminish appearance of fine lines . Use once or twice daily . THE TEST : These circular pads are moist and gentle . They leave skin feeling damp and soft , with an instant , youthful glow . EXPERT VERDICT : ` A good starter pad . Skin-soothing cucumber counteracts the harsh glycolic and lactic acids . Liquorice is a known skin-brightener and fruit berries are good antioxidants . ` Start slowly with these -- once a week -- to avoid irritation , and build up to daily use . ' SENSITIVE SKIN . Simple Kind To Skin Radiance Wipes , £ 3.29 for 25 , amazon.co.uk . THEY CLAIM : Ideal for sensitive skin , these help cleanse , exfoliate and remove impurities . Added moisturiser hydrates skin . THE TEST : These look like old-school wipes : big , rectangular , damp tissues that remove make-up easily and effectively . My skin feels soft and plump afterwards , but I 'm not left with a radiant glow . EXPERT VERDICT : ` Ideal for most skin types , with a combination of clever skin-soothing and moisturising ingredients . Mango extract and bisabolol -LRB- an extract of chamomile -RRB- soothe , while glycerin is an ultra-efficient moisturiser . ` A step up from regular wipes and good for twice-a-day use . ' ONE-MINUTE FACIAL . Nip + Fab Glycolic Fix Exfoliating Facial Pads , £ 12.95 for 60 , superdrug.com . THEY CLAIM : Pads are soaked in glycolic acid , which retextures and resurfaces skin , while witch hazel helps to tone . Moisturiser with hyaluronic acid and soothing blue daisy leads to brighter , smoother skin . THE TEST : These have a strong perfume smell and a quick swipe leaves the skin tingling . My face instantly feels brighter , smoother and refreshed -- like a facial , only a hell of a lot quicker . EXPERT VERDICT : ` The glycolic acid lifts dead cells , leaving skin refreshed and renewed , while hyaluronic acid traps moisture . The retexturising and resurfacing are likely more subtle than claimed , but this works well as a weekly brightening boost . ' INSTANT PEEL . Cane & Austin Retexturising Treatment Pads , £ 18 for 25 , beautybay.com . THEY CLAIM : A one-step , at-home glycolic treatment that gently exfoliates , while helping to rebuild collagen . Reveals a clearer , more radiant complexion . For sensitive skin only . THE TEST : Each small , square pad comes folded in its own neat little wrapper . Cool and wet , it cuts through dirt and impurities and leaves a slight stinging sensation , like after a facial . Skin is left instantly youthful and has more of a glow . EXPERT VERDICT : ` A very logical approach to skincare . After the high-grade glycolic acid strips away dead , dull skin cells , the vitamin A -- a retinoid -- helps to stimulate new cell growth . ` This is a highly efficient wipe , but should only be used at night , as vitamin A is damaged by visible light . Best to use once or twice a week at first , then build up to nightly use . ' DEEP CLEANSE . Nivea 3-in-1 Daily Exfoliating Wipes , £ 3 for 20 , tesco.com . THEY CLAIM : The textured side exfoliates dirt and impurities , while the soft side cleanses and removes make-up . The magnolia extract refines and improves the skin . THE TEST : The wipe feels abrasive as you sweep it across , but the collection of dirt is impressive ! My face feels clean afterwards , but a bit dry and dull . EXPERT VERDICT : ` More of a mechanical exfoliant . The act of dragging it across the skin will remove dull cells and stimulate growth of newer , efficient ones . ` But do n't overdo it , or you will remove too much of the skin 's protective layer . Once or twice a week is enough . '