A photo editor for a Baltimore newspaper says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of Freddie Gray . J.M. Giordano , who works at the City Paper , says Baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly . A video posted to the newspaper 's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking Giordano as City Paper Managing Editor Baynard Woods screams , ` He 's a photographer ! He 's press ! ' Scroll down for video . Injured on the job : A photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police Saturday night as he covered protests in Baltimore , Maryland . Shoved to the ground : Giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he could n't get out of the way fast enough . Pictured above in a photo posted to Facebook . The 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield . Giordano and a protester were standing next to each other when the police line suddenly marched forward and the two men did n't move out of the way quickly enough , each being knocked to the ground . About five or six police officers hit Giordano and the other protester with their shields , the photographer said . ` They just swarmed over me , ' he said , according to City Paper . ` I got hit . My head hit the ground . They were hitting me , then someone pulled me out . ' ` I kept shooting it . As soon as I got up I started taking pictures . ' After the incident , the protester who was standing next to Giordano was arrested - even though the photographer was sure that he was n't responsible for throwing a projectile at police , which sparked the charge by officers . That protester was just one of nearly 35 arrested in the protests Saturday night and Sunday morning . The march turned violent later in the evening , when groups of rogue protesters started vandalizing local businesses and smashing cars . Giordano believes he was let go because police knew he was a member of the press , but says they tried to block him from continuing to photograph the event . Hitting a journalist : In the video , the City Paper managing editor can be heard yelling ` He 's a photographer ! He 's press ! ' to no avail . Released : The protester who was knocked down to the ground with Giordano was arrested . Giordano believes he was left alone because police knew he was a member of the media . Blocking : However , Giordano says police continued to try to block him from photographing the protest after the incident . Minor : Giordano says he sustained minor injuries to his arm . However , he says that they will not keep him out of work . On the ground : Above , a photo Giordano took Saturday night after being pushed to the ground by police . However , Giordano says another photographer working at the protest was arrested - Sait Serkan Gurbuz with Reuters who was later released and cited for disorderly conduct . Police did not immediately comment on the incident involving Giordano or Gurbuz 's arrest . Giordano says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but that they will not stop him from continuing to photograph the Gray protests . In addition to his work at City Paper , Giordano has had his photos published by i-D magazine , the Baltimore Sun , and Al-Jazeera America . Baltimore has been in a state of unrest ever since April 19 , when a local man named Freddie Gray died from injuries allegedly sustained while in police custody . The protests on Saturday night were in his honor . On Sunday , friends and family gathered to remember Gray at his wake . The next generation : Before the protests escalated on Saturday , fellow photographer Matt Roth took this touching photo of Giordano teaching some local kids how to use his professional camera .