A pair of British expats say they are ` trapped ' in southern Spain amid an ongoing legal battle with the local town hall over a luxury bed and breakfast they once operated . Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property where they currently reside in Jimena de la Frontera , but it is now on the brink of being torn down . The retired couple told Spain 's Olive Press news website that they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner . Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall over alterations made by a previous owner . The Jubbs purchased the bed and breakfast in Jimena de la Frontera , in southern Spain , in 2008 . Patrick , 64 , told the news website : ` We are in absolute pieces over this . ` All we want is to go back to the UK to be with our family and friends , but we ca n't . All our money is tied up in the property . ' Patrick , a former engineer from London , and his 63-year-old wife , Valerie , bought the bed and breakfast , La Vina de Linan , in 2008 and closed it a year ago as they moved forward with plans to sell it . They said they had a deal in place to sell the estate for € 680,000 , but the town hall ruled that the first floor , kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994 . The Jubbs said they obtained a certificate that stated there were no infractions when they bought the estate . When the Jubbs tried to sell the town hall ruled that the alterations , including a swimming pool , were illegal . The Jubbs told the Olive Press that the Junta provided a certificate stating there were no planning infractions when they bought the property , and that the alterations were legalised by land registry officials in 2005 -- three years before they acquired the estate . In most situations the local authority loses the right to demolish a house that has been illegally altered if it fails to detect the alterations within four years . But in the case of the Jubbs the usual rule does not apply because the property is located inside Los Alcornocales Natural Park in the Andalusian province of Cadiz . Patrick and Valerie Jubb are planning to move back to the UK , but said their money is tied up in the property . Patrick said the alterations never should have been approved in the first place . Online adverts still list the Jubbs ' property for sale , with a guide price of € 875,000 . With a sparkling rating on TripAdvisor , it is marketed as a secluded and private property with panoramic mountain views . It is located just 25 minutes from Gibraltar and 90 minutes from Malaga airport . The home boasts four en-suite bedrooms , a large sitting room with a fireplace , a dining room and terraces .