A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs ` racist yobs ' , while standing up for an SBS football reporter who was sacked after condemning Anzac day on Twitter . SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets which called Anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft . ' Speaking up in support of him , the AFR 's Geoff Winestock wrote on the social media site : ` Ridiculous . Frightening . I also think Anzacs were racist yobs and Anzac Day is a death cult . Sack me Fairfax . ' On Friday , the day before Anzac day , Mr Winestock said of the memorial : ` Anzac Day wish : in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour . ' Scroll down for video . Australian Financial Review journalist Geoff Winestock -LRB- left -RRB- has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre -LRB- right -RRB- , who was fired on Sunday over his controversial Anzac day tweets . The senior writer for the Australian Financial Review labelled Anzacs ` racist yobs ' The day before Anzac day , Mr Winestock said he hoped ` in 50 years no soldiers around to honour ' Both Fairfax and Mr Winestock declined to comment when contacted by Daily Mail Australia . After a public backlash against McIntyre 's comments , SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport , Ken Shipp said in a joint statement that his ` highly inappropriate and disrespectful ' comments have 'cause d his on-air position at SBS to become untenable . ' ` Mr McIntyre 's actions have breached the SBS Code of Conduct and social media policy and as a result , SBS has taken decisive action to terminate Mr McIntyre 's position at SBS , with immediate effect . ' McIntyre 's comments sparked outrage late on Anzac day , with Communications Minister Malcolm Turnball calling them ` despicable remarks ' and social media users taking to twitter to spread the #sackScottMcIntre hashtag . In his tweets , the SBS football journalist condemned Anzac day as an ` imperialist invasion . ' McIntyre referred to the Anzac 's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey . ` We remember and commemorate our ANZACs ' : SBS Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre 's comments on Saturday evening , saying they are ` not at all the views of @SBS ' ` The cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that Australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society , ' McIntyre tweeted , referring to the Anzac 's landing on Turkey 's Gallipoli peninsula . In other tweets , the reporter mocked the ` these brave Anzacs ' and accused Diggers of committing war crimes . ` Remembering the summary execution , widespread rape and theft committed by these ` brave ' Anzacs in Egypt , Palestine and Japan , ' he tweeted . ` Wonder if the poorly-read , largely white , nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered . Mr McIntyre has more than 30,000 Twitter followers . The SBS journalist accused the Australian diggers of committing war crimes . McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and mocked the Digger 's bravery . McIntyre 's comments referred to the soldiers as ` terrorists ' and were met with disgust by Twitter users . McIntyre 's comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic Battle of Gallipoli -LRB- members of the public seen streaming into the Australian War Memorial , right , and names of fallen soldiers , left -RRB- . Mr Turnbull also chimed into the discussion , calling the comments ` offensive ' SBS 's managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the national broadcaster from McIntyre 's comments on Saturday evening , after incensed social media users launched a Twitter tirade calling for the company to fire the reporter . ` Comments from @mcintinhos are his own , disrespectful and not at all the views of @SBS . We remember and commemorate our ANZACs , ' Mr Ebeid wrote on Twitter . The offensive tweets were still live on McIntyre 's Twitter feed the day after they were published , prompting angry social media users to accuse SBS of being ` complicit ' and labelling Mr Ebeid 's tweet a ` token apology . ' SBS 's managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company . Angry social media users accused SBS of being ` complicit ' Others accused SBS Managing Director Mr Ebeid 's of making a ` token apology ' last night . Social media users claimed that the tweets were offensive and ` un-Australian ' especially on Anzac Day . SBS has since responded with an official apology for offence caused , stating ` respect for Australian audiences is paramount at SBS . ' ` At SBS , employees on and off air are encouraged to participate in social media , however maintaining the integrity of the network and audience trust is vital , ' Mr Ebeid and Mr Shipp said in the today 's statement . ` It is unfortunate that on this very important occasion , Mr McIntyre 's comments have compromised both . ` SBS apologises for any offence or harm caused by Mr McIntyre 's comments which in no way reflect the views of the network . SBS supports our Anzacs and has devoted unprecedented resources to coverage of the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landings . ' Flag bearers stand to attention during the 100th anniversary service of ANZAC -LRB- Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -RRB- landings at Galllipoli , an event the Australian sports reporter has called ` an imperialist invasion ' Twitter users labelled McIntyre 's comments an ` Un-australian anti Anzac disgrace ! ' Disgusted social media users began circulating the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre . Twitter user Brian Cox wrote : ' #sackScottMcIntyre SBS sack this dirty traitor ! Un-australian anti Anzac disgrace ! Calling Anzac 's war criminals on this sacred day ! ' ` Come on SBS this disrespectful little grub needs to go #sackScottMcIntyre , ' Jimmy Nuciforo added . ` The ANZACS died defending what this idiot is abusing - free speech , ' tweeted another social media user . The hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre began trending on Twitter after social media users saw his comments . McIntyre 's comments were labelled offensive , especially in light of the centenary of Gallipoli . Some Twitter users defended his right to free speech , and said that if Mr McIntyre was fired for ` speaking the truth ' that was compromising his right to express himself . Others took offense to the fact the comments were coming from someone employed with taxpayer funds . ` He should lose his taxpayer funded job , ' said one Twitter user , while another said , ` Not normally my thing , but since I am paying for it ... #sackScottMcIntyre ' .