Trainer Paul Webber was on Sunday praying the ground at Fairyhouse dries out further for Cantlow , who will attempt to give AP McCoy a glorious send off in Ireland with a second victory in Easter Monday 's Irish Grand National . The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler 's Cabin and success aboard Cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be McCoy 's final week as a jockey . He has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday 's Crabbie 's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor , the gelding which won last year 's Irish National under Barry Geraghty . AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow in his final race meeting in Ireland . That Cantlow disputes favouritism for Monday 's race is largely due to the presence of McCoy on his back . The champion jockey could have ridden Alderwood or If In Doubt , who both also carry the colours of his boss JP McManus . Cantlow 's form this season is not inspiring but he finished a creditable eighth in last year 's race when asked to carry top weight -- only three of the last 20 winners have carried more than 11st - and Webber has identified a reason why the 10-year-old pulled up quickly at Kempton on his latest run . The trainer said : ` He choked at Kempton when he looked to be about to run a decent race on slightly better ground which would have helped . We have never had a breathing problem before with him . Cantlow disputes favouritism for Monday 's race largely due to the presence of McCoy on his back . ` He has worked well with tongue tie twice since with AP on board . I hope it dries up a bit , it is soft to heavy which would n't help . ` He ran blinder last year and it is an almost impossible race to win off top weight . ' McCoy had a double at the track on Sunday , which included a typically determined success on Enda Bolger-trained Gilgamboa in the Grade One Ryanair Gold Cup , which looked unlikely jumping the second last . Bitofapuzzle -LRB- Noel Fehily -RRB- gave trainer Harry Fry a first grade one win of his career in the EBF Mares ' Novice Hurdle Championship Final . McCoy is helped to lift the Ryanair Gold Cup trophy by Oisin Loughlin at Fairyhouse Racecourse on Sunday .