Hassan Munshi , one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into Syria to join ISIS , is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The families of two teenage boys who are thought to have traveled to Syria are ` in a state of profound shock ' and deeply worried about the safety of their ` ordinary Yorkshire lads ' . The boys who have been named as 17-year-olds Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to the embattled country after heading to Turkey on March 31 . Hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi , who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006 . He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims , The Times reported . A statement released on behalf of the two families said : ` Both families are devastated by the events of the last few days and in particular , we are extremely concerned about the safety and well-being of our loved ones . ` Our number one priority is to get Hassan and Talha back home with their families and we implore anyone who may have any information whatsoever to get in contact with the police . ` Naturally , we are in a state of profound shock and are trying to come to terms with the predicament we find ourselves in and we hope and pray that no other family finds itself in our situation . ' The pair from Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones . Hassan 's alleged relative Hammaad was only 15-years-old when he joined a terrifying Islamic State faction who were targeting the Royal Family . Hammaad was arrested on his way home from a chemistry exam in 2006 and found with two bags of ball-bearings - key material for a suicide vest . He was locked up for two years under the Terrorism Act in 2008 . The statement added : ` These were just two ordinary Yorkshire lads who enjoyed the things that all young people enjoy at their age . ` Both Hassan and Talha had a promising future as an apprentice and an A-level student respectively , and we are praying they will be back with us soon and are able to realise that future . ` We would implore all parents to be extra vigilant , although as we found , it 's near impossible to know your children have been groomed and brainwashed . ` Syria is a frightening war-torn place and we need to urgently educate our young children about the dangers posed by those who prey on impressionable teenagers . ' The Times now reports that the two 17-year-old boys told their relatives they were going on a school trip - but instead used the Easter holidays as a ` window of opportunity ' to flee Britain . They are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey on March 31 , said West Yorkshire Police . Both families have reported the boys missing to police although British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria from Turkey . Scroll down for video . ` Seeking jihad ' : Two teenage boys from Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , are believed to have fled to Syria to join Isis militants , seen here taking control of the Yarmouk refugee camp in Damascus . A family friend said they were in a state ` of total disbelief ' and they were ` broken and inconsolable ' . The south Dewsbury area has been linked to a number of extremist plots and was home to the ring-leader of the London bombings on July 7 , 2005 , Mohammad Sidique Khan . According to The Times , a member of one of the families said : ` We do n't want to talk . ' Assistant Chief Constable Mark Milsom , from West Yorkshire Police said : ` We are extremely concerned for the safety of these two boys and would urge anyone with information to come forward and speak to us . ` Syria is an extremely dangerous place and the public will be aware of the dangers these boys may face . ` The choice of returning home from Syria is often taken away from those that come under the control of Islamic State , leaving their families in the UK devastated and with very few options to secure their safe return . ' The force said it has been supporting the missing teenagers ' families and carrying out extensive inquiries alongside the North East Counter Terrorism Unit . The disappearance of the two teenagers follows the arrest of nine Britons by Turkish authorities attempting to sneak into Syria across the Turkish border . The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Waheed Ahmed , 21 , from Rochdale was arrested with his aunt , cousins and four children while attempting to get into Syria . After the arrest , anti-terror police raided the home of his father , Shakil Ahmed , a respected Labour councillor for the town . Munshi 's family comes from Dewsbury in West Yorkshire , where his grandfather Yakub Munshi ran the town 's sharia court . The schoolboy , who was studying for his GCSEs at Westborough High School in Kirklees , West Yorkshire , was traced through his online conversations with ` cyber terrorist ' Aabid Hussain Khan . In one MSN chat , they argued how best to sneak a metal sword through airport security . Munshi had painstakingly scoured the internet for details on how to make napalm and grenades . He claimed he had only done the research out of curiosity but handwritten notes hidden under his bed revealed his burning desire to travel abroad to become a martyr . Munshi also had a library of videos , documents and audio clips showing acts of jihad , mujaheddin fighters and Al Qaeda preachings . Khan , who acted as an administrator on an extremist website called Activion Publications , downloaded information on the Queen , the Duke of Edinburgh , Prince Charles and Camilla , Prince Edward , the Countess of Wessex , The Duke of York and the Princess Royal . Munshi was convicted of making a record of information likely to be useful in terrorism . Khan was found guilty of possessing articles for a purpose connected with terrorism but cleared of a similar charge . A third man , Sultan Muhammad from Manningham , West Yorkshire - Khan 's cousin - was convicted of three similar charges and one of making a record of information likely to be useful in terrorism .