The funeral of South Carolina police shooting victim Walter Scott took on a fiery tone today when the pastor presiding over the service said his death was ` motivated by racial discrimination ' . Dr George Hamilton , the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville , South Carolina , launched an attack on officer Michael Slager , who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back , referring to him as a ` disgrace ' . Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today , where Scott 's casket , draped in an American flag , was led in , accompanied by his distraught mother . The family had a police escort to the funeral . Hamilton continued to rail against Slager , who has been jailed and charged with Scott 's murder , during the service . Referring to the cell phone video which shows Scott being gunned down as he tried to run from Slager , he said : ` It 's one thing to have a loved one die ... It 's another to have to watch them die ... and see how they died ' . Scroll down for videos . Judy Scott is overcome with emotion as she sits with her husband Walter Scott Sr. during the burial service for their son , Walter Scott . Judy Scott , second from left , is escorted to her son 's casket during his burial service as morners lay yellow roses on his coffin . Judy Scott wipes her eyes as she looks at her son 's casket during his burial service in Charleston . Patriotic : Walter Scott 's casket was wrapped in an American flag as it was rolled into a funeral home in Summerville , South Carolina . In mourning : Scott is pictured above being escorted to her son 's funeral in Summerville . Killed : Walter Scott , pictured above left and right , was shot dead by police officer Michael Slager on April 4 . Judy Scott , seated at left , is comforted during the burial of her son , Walter Scott . Fiery : Dr George Hamilton , shown left above in a 2012 photograph , gave the impassioned speech at Scott 's funeral . Right , ABC News correspondent Kendis Gibson , center , stands with mourners . A young child walks among mourners as they attend the funeral service for Walter Scott at the W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Cente . Lifting up : Bearers are seen above carrying the casket from the hearse onto a trolley . Mother : Judy Scott is pictured getting out of a black limousine at the funeral service for Scott , a 50-year-old father of four . According to ABC News , he continued : ` Walter 's death was motivated by racial discrimination . You 've got to hate somebody to shoot them in the back . ` This officer is a disgrace to the North Charleston Police Department ... You do n't tase a man and then shoot him.A badge is not authority to murder . ' Hamilton did add that Slager 's actions were not representative of all law enforcement , insisting ` We will not indict the entire law enforcement for the act of one racist ' . Judy Scott , Walter 's mother , was among the hundreds of mourners at the service today , arriving with other family members in a fleet of black limousines to the service for Scott , 50 , who was a father of four . Scott , a former coast guard , had been married twice and was engaged to be married to a third woman before he was pulled over for a broken tail light by Slager , who shot him five times in the back after a confrontation in North Charleston . So many people came to the service that hundreds were left waiting outside . U.S. senator Tim Scott -LRB- R-SC -RRB- , Congressman Jim Clyburn -LRB- D-SC -RRB- , state senator Marlon Kimpson , Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon , and Elder James Johnson of the National Action Network all attended . After the funeral Rep. Clyburn , said he wanted national strategies and standards for law enforcement to be considered . Referring to the suggestion that officers be made to wear body-mounted cameras , he said : ` Body cameras are a good start . They 're certainly not a panacea ' . In an obituary Scott 's family focused on his love for his friends and family , devotion to God , and appreciation for the Dallas Cowboys . At a wake yesterday his casket had also been adorned with Cowboys memorabilia . The obituary said : ` Walter was born in February 9 , 1965 native of Charleston , SC area . He attended the Charleston County School System . He proudly served his country by enlisting in the National Coast Guard in 1984 where he was stationed in Baltimore , Maryland . ` He received his massage therapist degree from Miller Motte in 2006 . He leaves to mourn loving parents , Elder Walter and Minister Judy G Scott , two brothers Anthony N. Scott and Rodney E. Scott and a God sister Dacquin Curry . Judy Scott , left , prays next to her husband , Walter Scott Sr. , during the burial service for their son . Judy Scott , left , looks up as an honor guard folds a U.S. flag that covered the casket of her son . Anthony Scott , brother of Walter Scott , looks out a car window before leaving the World Outreach Revival Deliverance Ministries Christian Center . Judy Scott , second from right , holds the U.S. flag that covered the casket of her son . Recording : Gathered mourners took photographs of the proceedings on Saturday afternoon . Somber : Light rain fell on mourners at the service on Saturday afternoon , a week after he was killed . In mourning : Funeral guest Eddie Bryan , above , sits under his umbrella before the service . In memoriam : The family included this montage of pictures of Scott in a booklet handed out at the funeral . Funeral service : The above is the front and inside cover of a booklet handed out to attendees at the funeral . ` His four children Samantha , Sebastian Lamar , Walter Lamar II , Miles Quincy Lamar and a special devoted friend Carlotte Jones , step-children Austin Battle , Christopher Battle , Jessica Jones , Jasmine Robinson , uncles , aunts , nephews , nieces , grandnephew and nieces , and a host of cousins , special relatives , and friends . ' -LSB- sic -RSB- . ` Walter loved the Lord ; and he expressed it by singing in the choir . He loved all of his family and friends and often embraced others as family . He was a true fan of the Dallas Cowboys . ' Scott worked as a forklift truck driver and had served in the Coast Guard in the 1980s . Police escorted a hearse headed towards W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville , South Carolina . Mourners waited through light rain as flowers were unloaded and taken to the sanctuary . His family , with a police escort , arrived at the church around 11 am in a fleet of three black limousines . Dozens of mourners who were lined up outside the church held up their cellphones trying to capture the scene as Scott 's casket was unloaded from the hearse and wheeled into the church . Mourners : Crowds of people are pictured waiting outside the ministry where the funeral was held . Local dignitaries : U.S. Representative Jim Clyburn -LRB- left , D-SC -RRB- attended the funeral , as did Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon -LRB- right -RRB- . Embrace : Two funeral attendees embrace in the rain during the funeral for Scott , held a week after he was shot dead . Tributes : Men carry flowers into the church where Scott 's service is being held today . An obituary praised his loving nature and generosity towards family and friends . Sadness : Mourners in Summerville leaned on one another ahead of the service for Scott , who has four children aged 16-24 . The family said they decided to keep the press away after the New York Daily News reported that they had banned Al Sharpton from the funeral - a claim the family and Sharpton have refuted . A wake for Scott was held yesterday , at which his open casket was on display and adorned with Dallas Cowboys memorabilia . At the time he was stopped , Scott owed some $ 18,000 in child support payments , which family said may have been why he tried to run from Slager . His brother , Rodney Scott , said : ` He had trouble keeping up with the payments , that 's all , and he knew he would go to jail . ` His mission was to avoid the police as much as possible . ' Dash cam video from Slager 's patrol car has shown him pulling over Scott , who got out of his car and ran while the officer 's back was turned . Court records show Scott last paid child support in 2012 and a bench warrant for his arrest was issued in early 2013 . Scott had been in jail three times since 2008 . Rodney Scott said his brother would take long detours while driving to their parents ' house because he thought there were more police patrolling the direct , 10-minute route from his home . He said Walter also tried to make sure any vehicle he drove had working headlights and taillights . Some of the city 's black residents have told similar stories about being stopped by police over minor infractions or simply avoiding police altogether . Killing : Scott was gunned down as he ran away from Sager , who has since been charged with his murder . Killing : Walter Scott , left , was killed by Michael Slager , right . Scott was in the Coast Guard for two years , and is pictured left in uniform . Slager is being held in jail on murder charges , and is pictured right in his prison mugshot . It emerged yesterday that Scott had also been jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery . A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff 's Department on Friday said they had to break up a fight between Scott and another man , during which he shoved a deputy to the floor . Despite Scott 's record , those who knew him remember Scott as lighthearted and gentle . They describe a laid-back , fun-loving man who took his girlfriend dancing on weekends , entertained family and friends with backyard cookouts and hosted regular domino games . ` This is a long time coming , but now that it has come all of those things have to be recognized . It 's so sad that it happened like that because a lot of this stuff has been on the backburner for a long time , ' Ernest Murray , 73 , said during Scott 's wake . ` He would n't hurt a fly , man , ' said Ronald Smith , 29 , a co-worker who often got advice on marriage and other life decisions from Scott when the older man gave him a lift home after their shift . ` All of us looked up to him . '