Elephants are often seeing travelling single file , using their trunk to hold onto another mammal 's tail in front of them . But one young elephant decided to go it alone , when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain . Captured at Whipsnade Zoo , the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path -- five of which walk in single file . The baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd , which travel in a single file line . As the first three elephants move from the shot , the fourth -- a smaller elephant -- is flanked by a baby . It stops to dawdle as it reaches the grass and uses its trunk to pick something up off the floor before setting off again . Finding itself in between the last two elephants as it begins walking , the young mammal 's back gets in the way and causes the link to break . The baby elephant stops to dawdle and picks something up from the floor with its trunk . It then rather cheekily forces its way into the line at the expense of the huge -- and rather understanding -- elephant behind it . Uploading the video to Newsflare , the filmmaker wrote : ` We had just come out of the bear 's exhibit at Whipsnade Zoo when we saw elephants being led by zookeepers along the road , it was so amazing and unexpected . ` I quickly grabbed my camera to take photos and managed to get a video of them holding each other 's tails , I had never seen elephants hold their tails in a line before , it was quite remarkable . The baby elephant goes to start walking once more and manages to break the elephant chain with its back . ` The little baby elephant was constantly stopping or running off to the frustration of the other elephants , it was hilarious to watch him being put in his place . ' Whipsnade Zoo opened in 1931 and was originally known as Whipsnade Wild Animal Park . Located at Whipsnade , near Dunstable in Bedfordshire , the zoo has a land area of 600 acres and , as of 2012 , was home to 2,741 . The cheeky elephant forces itself into the line of elephants after breaking their tail-to-trunk chain .