As the daughter of actress Nanette Newman and film director Bryan Forbes , and the wife of a super-rich banker , Emma Forbes was never destined for a life on the breadline . But even she has astonished her showbusiness friends by buying a £ 27 million London mansion -- for cash . The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , an underground pool , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage . Extravagant : The red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade was torn down by the previous owners . But it is not to everyone 's taste -- one neighbour has described it as looking like a ` down - market mortuary ' . The purchase comes after Ms Forbes , 49 , made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat , in Chelsea . Cash buyers : Emma Forbes , 49 , pictured with her hedge fund boss husband Graham Clempson , 51 . Land Registry documents show that she sold that seven-bedroom home for £ 43 million in February . She and her hedge fund boss husband Graham Clempson , 51 , had bought it for £ 18.5 million in 2007 , before spending large sums on revamping it . Registry records show there is no mortgage on the couple 's new home . Ms Forbes and Mr Clempson moved into her new-build house with their children , Lily , 19 , and Sam , 16 , in February . Neighbours have expressed mixed views about the house , which was completed this year after a two-year build . It replaced a red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade that was torn down by the previous owners . Although the architects said they designed the new yellow-brick house to blend in with other Victorian and Georgian townhouses in the conservation area , some residents complain that it ` just sticks out ' . One neighbour said : ` Apparently the council approved it , which is outrageous . ` In an area like this it 's important the buildings fit a certain look . But it just sticks out , it does n't look like anything that belongs here . ' Another resident added : ` It looks like a downmarket mortuary . There was more taste to how it was before . Now it looks like a council estate . ' London property developers have revealed that the sale of Ms Forbes 's previous apartment for £ 43 million made it one of the most expensive flats in the UK . The priciest apartment in the UK is believed to be in the One Hyde Park development in Knightsbridge , which sold for £ 140 million last year . Tristan Ward , a solicitor acting for Ms Forbes and Mr Clempson , said it was ` inaccurate ' to say that she made a profit of £ 24.5 million on their previous flat as the couple spent considerable amounts of money refurbishing it before selling it . Mr Ward added that his clients ' property affairs were a ` private matter ' . Ms Forbes 's mother , 80 , is famous for her roles in the 1970s British film classics The Stepford Wives and International Velvet , both of which were directed by Mr Forbes . He died in 2013 . Additional reporting : Alisha Rouse . An earlier version of this story suggested that Emma Forbes had a voiceover part in Peppa Pig . This is not the case .