A student remains under police guard in hospital after being kidnapped , tortured with pliers and forced to drink bleach by masked men in an apparent revenge attack for ` accidentally scraping a man 's car ' . Motaz Zaid , who is currently studying economics at the University of Greenwich , was with a friend in St Marks Close in Parsons Green , south west London , in the early hours of Friday when the group of thugs targeted them . His friend , who wishes to remain anonymous , said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before Mr Zaid , 20 , was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off . Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green , south west London , in the early hours of Friday when the group of thugs targeted them . Mr Zaid was apparently bundled into a Mercedes by masked men and attacked . The friend , 19 , who was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal , was left for dead in the quiet residential street while Mr Zaid was found dumped a few miles away , close to the A3 on the border of New Malden and Parsons Green . Police became alerted to the incident after spotting the vehicle in Beverley Way , Kingston , at about 1 am . Uniformed officers approached the stationary car , but it drove off and fled from the scene despite attempts by police to pursue it . Officers then discovered Mr Zaid dumped on the side of the road with life-threatening injuries . He was taken to a south London hospital , which can not be named for security reasons , where he remains in a critical condition . His friend was also taken to hospital with stab wounds but was later discharged . The friend recalled the incident today and told the Evening Standard : ` They had been parked waiting for him to get back . As we both got out of the car , these five guys just jumped us . They sprayed something in our eyes and it blocked our vision . ` They were n't after me , they were beating him up . I tried to fight them off and to grab him but he was on the floor and not moving . I hit one of them in the face and three of them chased me into the main road and stabbed me . ` By the time I got back to my friend the car had left and I thought he had got away but after looking for him I realised they had taken him in the car . ' Mr Zaid , 20 , who is currently studying economics at the University of Greenwich , was found dumped at the side of the A3 in Beverley Way , Kingston , south west London -LRB- above -RRB- . He remains in hospital with critical injuries . Mr Zaid 's father Azz said his son 's injuries were ` very serious ' , adding : ` My heart is broken when I see my son like that . I ca n't believe anyone could do that to another human being . ' He said he believes the incident is in response to a minor altercation last week . He said his son was allegedly involved in an accident with another car , in which one of the vehicles became slightly damaged . He claims the other driver refused to negotiate a settlement and threatened violence if his son did not pay £ 400 . Metropolitan Police said officers from the Trident Gang Crime Command are currently investigating the incident and trying to trace the suspects . Officers confirmed the car involved was a Mercedes C220 Estate but said it is not known how many suspects were in the vehicle . Scotland Yard confirmed no arrests have yet been made in connection with the incident . Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .