An Irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in Sydney has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge . Barry Lyttle , 33 , will now be sentenced in Sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence . Patrick Lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 . Scroll down for video . Barry -LRB- left -RRB- and Patrick -LRB- right -RRB- arrived together today to the Downing Centre court in Sydney . His elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . Downing Centre Local Court was told of the guilty plea during a brief mention on Thursday , where Lyttle was supported by family , including his younger brother Patrick . Lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack , with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed . Barry Lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm . Mr Lyttle pleaded guilty after the crown declined to downgrade the charge . But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty . The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . The hearing is expected to include CCTV footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist John Braithwaite , an expert in ` restorative justice ' , which covers sentencing options other than imprisonment . The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . The hearing is expected to include CCTV footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist John Braithwaite , an expert in ` restorative justice ' The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Lyttle should be dropped . During a brief mention of the matter last week , the prosecutor asked for a further adjournment saying police had served both parties with further material and they needed more time to negotiate . Outside court on April 9th , Patrick said he had made ` a fantastic recovery ' . Mr Lyttle spent nearly a week in an induced coma in January following his brother 's alleged attack before making his remarkable recovery at St Vincent 's Hospital in Sydney 's inner suburbs . Barry Lyttle -LRB- pictured left -RRB- has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick -LRB- right -RRB- grievous bodily harm . The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Barry -LRB- centre -RRB- should be dropped . Patrick Lyttle -LRB- right -RRB- said he had made a ` fantastic recovery ' Patrick 's appearance in court last week was his first without wearing a beanie . He appeared in fine health as he and his brother arrived wearing matching suits and shoes . The younger Mr Lyttle has previously called on the charges laid against his brother to be dropped . The brothers , who have been accompanied by their father OIiver throughout their stay in Australia , wish to return home to Ireland together as soon as possible . Patrick Lyttle -LRB- middle -RRB- has called on charges against his brother Barry -LRB- left -RRB- to be dropped . Barry Lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother , Patrick , and his girlfriend , Patricia last week . Patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on January 3 . This means that Barry will be sentenced at Sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years . The brothers from Belfast in Ireland -LRB- pictured here as children -RRB- went on a night out on January 3 in Kings Cross . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .