Marathon season is in full swing with the London Marathon set to take place a week on Sunday . The long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer , it 's the perfect time to pull on your trainers and get fit . But what trainers should you go for ? Running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you do n't have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment . But trainers can be costly - proved by the latest adidas Boost shoes that have gone on sale for £ 130 . Femail writer and marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested out £ 130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers against Aldi 's budget £ 19.99 pair ahead of the London Marathon next week . In contrast , supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow -LRB- Thursday -RRB- with trainers available for the budget price of £ 19.99 , while stocks last . The shoes you run in are important to prevent injuries and ensure you have a comfortable and enjoyable experience - so can you really get the same results from a cheap supermarket pair over the costly version from a major sports brand ? FEMAIL asked Lucy Waterlow , a marathoner with a personal best time of 3.06 and co-writer of Nell McAndrew 's Guide To Running , to take them for a test run ... THE TRAINERS . Adidas Ultra Boost , £ 130 : Adidas promise to deliver ` your greatest run ever ' with their new trainer which features their much-hyped ` Boost ' technology . This is a type of cushioning that the sports brand have developed that looks like polystyrene and offers support and comfort to the wearer . Adidas say the Boost cushioning also gives ` energy return ' so the wearer can run more effortlessly . The adidas Boost technology is a type of cushioning that they say will deliver ` your greatest run ever ' while the Primeknit fabric is said to ` allow the natural expansion of any foot shape ' At £ 130 , the shoes only offer value for money if you intend to run in them often but the bumpy undersole does n't seem to be that durable . It certainly seems to have worked for the numerous elite athletes , including Jessica Ennis , who have worn Boost trainers thanks to sponsorship deals . Wilson Kipsang wore the adidas Adizero Adios version when he ran what was then a World Record time of 2:03:23 in Berlin in 2013 . Speaking of the Ultra Boost version , which have been on sale since February at a RRP of £ 130 , adidas executive Eric Liedtke said : ` Ultra BOOST represents the culmination of years of work and meticulous research striving to create the greatest running shoe ever . ` All of the very best in adidas technology has been combined to create a shoe that provides industry leading Energy Return , alongside unprecedented adaptability and comfort . ' Aldi Premium Running Shoes , £ 19.99 : The premium running shoes are part of the Aldi 's latest ` Specialbuys ' running range under the label ` Crane ' , which will be in stores from 16th April and available while stocks last . It 's not the first time Aldi have sold running trainers as a non ` premium ' version went on sale for £ 14.99 in 2013 . Aldi 's £ 19.99 premium running shoes for women comes in a turquoise and pink shade . The men 's version is royal blue and will only be available in stores while stocks last . Aldi say their running range is ` high spec ' despite the low prices , as they keep their costs down by stocking their own products over big brands , having minimalist store interiors to reduce overheads and charging for plastic bags . The supermarket chain are n't in the business of sponsoring elite athletes so ca n't lay claim to helping Olympians to medals or World Records with their shoes . LUCY 'S VERDICT : APPEARANCE . Adidas : The trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women and are made using adidas Primeknit fabric which is said to ` allow the natural expansion of any foot shape . ' The dark colour makes a refreshing change for women - who are often only offered running shoes in pink and pastel shades - while the Primeknit fabric does look stylish and professional . The Boost cushioning encompasses the shoe a bit like a hovercraft so they do n't make your feet look small and dainty . But while friends I met for a run did observe my feet looked big in the trainers , they also admired the fashionable appearance of the shoe . Aldi : The supermarket 's trainers look the part and come in a bright turquoise and pink shade for women and royal blue for men . The appearance is reminiscent of Brooks popular Adrenaline running shoes so friends did n't guess they were made by Aldi until I told them . The Aldi trainers feature reflective material - which is great for being seen when running at night - but the rest of the fabric used does look cheap . The outsole looks bulky and plastic so it does n't look like it will have much give when running . LUCY 'S VERDICT : FIT AND RUNNING FEEL . Adidas : The shoes have a tongue at the back of the heel so they can be pulled on easily and the Primeknit fabric makes it feel you 're putting your foot into a comfortable sock . The laces are sleek and elastic so can be easily tied for a snug fit . Adidas shoes can often come up small , so it 's advisable to buy a pair half a size larger than your usual shoe size . In doing so , I found my pair to be a perfect fit . My toes had plenty of space at the front so they did n't pinch when my foot pushed forward when I was running , and they were n't too lose at the heel so they did n't rub . Often after trying new running shoes blisters can form but this was n't the case , even after a nine mile run in the shoes . The Boost cushioning gives a comfortable and springy feel and despite its bulky appearance , the shoes do not feel too heavy on the foot while running . Lucy found the Boost trainers , left , fitted well and felt comfortable on a long run , while the Aldi trainers , right , were adequate but felt bulkier and were n't as snug a fit . Aldi : The shoes are not available in half sizes so I opted for my usual shoe size , despite this they still felt too big . I ran in the same running socks I had worn when running in the adidas trainers but felt I could have used a thicker pair in order for the shoes to fit better . The trainers were not a snug fit so I felt I had too much room around my forefoot and tightening the laces further did not help alleviate the roomy feel . Wearing thicker socks did help but I still felt my feet were sliding around a bit too much . However , they did n't rub so I again did n't suffer from any blisters but they did feel less comfortable and were n't as well fitted as the adidas pair . The trainers also felt heavier on my feet than the Boost . Overall , they felt more sturdy then the adidas pair and I did n't feel like they adapted to my feet in the same way - running in them for a short run was fine but I would n't feel comfortable wearing them for a long run or when doing speed work . LUCY 'S OVERALL VERDICT . To my surprise , the Aldi shoes on the whole looked and felt the part - although the fit was n't ideal . I 'd recommend these to runners on a budget who are just starting out , who may just be running two or three times a week and are n't sure yet if they 'll stick with it . At £ 19.99 , if you do n't carry on running if your motivation wanes , you wo n't be too much out of pocket . The supportiveness of the shoes also means they would be suitable to wear at the gym or for walking . However , if you intend to carry on running , I 'd recommend going to a specialist running shop to be fitted for a shoe exactly to your foot type . They can analyse your running style to see if you need any extra support . The adidas shoes felt comfortable and I was happy running in them for miles . Although they feel a little too bulky for speedwork , they 're great for steady runs and I would run a marathon in them . I 'm not convinced this Ultra Boost model is worth the £ 130 price tag though - unless you can run in them often to get value for money . I 'm also not convinced that the unusual bumpy undersole they have will be that durable - after just a few runs the rubber has shown signs of wear . What I convinced by was the cushioning provided by the Boost technology . But in the future I would be more likely to buy the Adizero Adios version for speedwork and racing as they are lighter in weight and not as expensive as their Ultra counterparts .