Can a child recognise their mother simply through touch and scent ? In a heart-warming video that will have you reaching for the tissues , six real-life women and their children are gathered to find out the answer . The sweet youngsters are blindfolded and asked to pick their mum out of the group , while their mothers can be seen waiting anxiously to see whether their child would recognise them . A unique connection : A heart-warming new video poses the question - can children recognise their mothers without seeing them ? Mummy , is that you ? Six children were blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent . Found her ! The task was designed to understand the special bond between mother and child . Touchingly , the women become quite emotional as they children move tentatively along the group one by one , taking the women 's hands , touching their hair and faces . Each child eventually locates their own , throwing their arms around them in recognition . The video , called The Unique Connection , was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother 's Day and the special bond between mother and child . Trust your instincts : The sweet youngsters were blindfolded in turn . Anxious : The six mothers line up in a row , and can be seen becoming emotional as they wait to see whether their child will be able to recognise them . Now you see me : The children move tentatively along the row , taking hands and touching hair and faces until their recognise their own . Touching : The video was released to celebrate Australian and US Mother 's Day on May 10 . It has so far been viewed 2.8 million times , and has even attracted the attention of celebrities . Ashton Kutcher shared the video on his Facebook page , and wrote : ` I could watch this all day . ' Mother 's Day 2015 is celebrated in Australia and the US on May 10 . The UK already celebrated their holiday , also called Mothering Sunday , in March . Viral : The heart-warming video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times .