In recent years , Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters . Despite the fact that Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 , well-known fantasy , sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation as of late , prompting the quick development of 17 production services companies nationwide . Although the country 's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen , there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as Game of Thrones , Interstellar or Prometheus . Thingvellir National Park provided the location for the North of Westeros in Game of Thrones . Fans will likely recognise the National Park as the setting of the battle of the Hound and Brienne . The black volcanic landscapes of Svartalfheim provided the filmmakers of Thor : The Dark World with the perfect otherworldly setting , as outlined in this Icelandair infographic . Meanwhile , Clint Eastwood opted to film battle scenes for both Letters from Iwo Jima and Flags of Our Fathers in Iceland -- specifically along the dramatic cliffs of the Reykjanes Peninsula , just a quick drive from the capital . Scenes from Christopher Nolan 's epic Interstellar were filmed atop the blue ice glacier Svinafellsjokull in the Skaftafell National Park , which is also located near another favoured filming location : Iceland 's largest glacier , Vatnajokull . The Svinafellsjokull glacier provided a stunning setting for Christopher Nolan 's epic film , Interstellar . Interstellar tells the tale of explorers who travel in search of a new planet to sustain the human race . Europe 's most powerful waterfall , the Dettifoss , was used in the opening scenes of Prometheus . In Prometheus , the rushing waterfall in the background is meant to help depict the beginning of time . ` Interstellar was my second time filming in Iceland and it was another worldly experience , ' the director told Film In Iceland . ` Iceland truly represents the beautiful extremes the nature has to offer . ' Not to be left out , Ridley Scott scouted Europe 's most powerful waterfall , the Dettifoss , for the opening scenes depicting the beginning of time in Prometheus . And finally , Game of Thrones enthusiasts will undoubtedly recognise the north of Iceland , namely Thingvellir National Park , from Arya 's storyline and as the setting of the battle of the Hound and Brienne , in the North of Westeros . The Jokullsarlon lake , at the foot of the massive massive Vatnajokull glacier , is another favoured filming spot .