Shaun Bryan - who was the intended target of the shot which paralysed little Thusha Kamaleswaran in 2011 - was jailed for another crime this week . The criminal who dodged the bullet that paralysed five-year-old Thusha Kamaleswaran in a botched gangland hit has been jailed . Shaun Bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in March 2011 . Thusha , who had been was playing in the aisle of her uncle 's shop in Stockwell , south London , was caught in the crossfire when two gangs clashed . Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ` ruthless attack ' in their home in Croydon , south London on December 17 last year . He and 20-year-old Gino Sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones , a laptop and cash . They were both sentenced at Croydon Crown Court after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary . Thusha was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011 . Chilling CCTV footage showed the girl , then five , skipping and dancing in one of the aisles of the shop when she was shot . She went into cardiac arrest twice , and had to undergo emergency surgery in the shop and in hospital . Doctors feared that she would never be able to move her legs again - but she has since regained feeling in both legs , raising hopes that she might one day be able to walk . Thusha Kamaleswaran , pictured left in a documentary , was paralysed in 2011 when gang members shot at Bryan . CCTV showing Thusha falling to the ground in the shop where the shooting which shocked Britain took place . In Bryan 's most recent crime , police officers used a mobile phone tracking app to trace him and his accomplice but lost the pair when they dropped the items they stole . The Met 's dog unit was called in and an Alsatian called Jacob helped hunt down the pair . Both men were sentenced to six years and three months , with Bryan , of Stockwell , jailed and Sawyers , of no fixed abode , sent to a young offenders ' institution . Investigating officer Detective Constable John Davis said : ` This burglary was of a particularly violent nature , the men subjected the two victims to a ruthless attack by threatening them with knives and violence in their own home . ' Bryan was previously sentenced to two years and four months in a young offenders ' institution in 2012 after pleading guilty to eight counts of supplying heroin and cocaine at the Inner London Crown Court . Bryan and his accomplice in his latest crime , Gino Sawyers -LRB- left -RRB- , were stopped by police dog Jacob -LRB- right -RRB- .