I conducted a poll on my radio show recently , and more than 70 per cent of those who voted believe Manchester United will win the title next season . Is it heart ruling the head among the United faithful ? Or is there a genuine belief that serial winner Louis van Gaal is about to re-assert himself at the very top again ? Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea . Van Gaal poses for pictures with United fans at the training ground during a day for the club 's foundation . Van Gaal -LRB- pictured talking to fans -RRB- is starting to assert himself at the United after a stuttering start . If he is to take United back to the very top , he 'll need more than Memphis Depay . I 've already established in this column recently that Van Gaal is a great , and he is a winner . I love the fact he has set himself this huge challenge of resurrecting a fallen giant at the end of his career . The Dutchman knows , however , he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by David Moyes . At the end of his -LRB- albeit shorter -RRB- Old Trafford stay , his record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson . Obviously Van Gaal can not win the same number of trophies Sir Alex picked up during his 27 year reign , so relatively speaking what does he need to achieve to be considered a success at United ? Sir Alex underachieved in Europe : only two Champions League wins in his time -- just one more than Liverpool in the same period , and the same number as Jose Mourinho -LRB- who won those in significantly fewer years -RRB- . Van Gaal has also underachieved in this department -- his only Champions League win was with Ajax , not Bayern Munich or Barcelona . Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago . He should target Euro success as soon as possible . Domestically , United still do n't quite look like the finished article , despite their impressive run in 2015 . But they should at least be challenging for the title next season . So what needs to change for United to reach that level where they are in the mix to win the Premier League and the Champions League ? Sir Alex Ferguson celebrates his second Champions League triumph with United in 2008 . Van Gaal celebrates winning the Champions League with Ajax in 1995 - his only triumph in Europe . Keeping David de Gea would be ideal , but Victor Valdes has winning experience and there is a bond between the former Barcelona keeper and the manager after their time together at the Nou Camp . Van Gaal blooded Valdes and then man-managed him superbly . Either keeper is fine , it 's obvious who would be preferred though . United need a quality right back -- Nathaniel Clyne has been linked and the Southampton man would be perfect . If Clyne is the right fit , Luke Shaw needs to stay fit . He 's been like a rabbit in the headlights this first season , but he 's dealt with Van Gaal 's brutally honest management style well and put in a fine performance at Chelsea . I 've said before , Shaw has the potential to be an all-time great at United . At centre half , Phil Jones and Chris Smalling might become the trusted partnership , or wisdom may win the day and United could go and get Mats Hummels from Borussia Dortmund . He 's a winner and a leader -- perfect for United . Luke Shaw -LRB- right -RRB- has had a difficult start to his United career but impressed against Chelsea . Mats Hummels -LRB- left -RRB- of Dortmund is a player who has long been linked with a move to United . In midfield , United are strong in my view -- Daley Blind and Michael Carrick can fight for that anchor spot , or even play together depending on the opposition . I ca n't help thinking that adding another Carrick-type player to the squad might be a wise move for Van Gaal . United fans are seeing the best of Ander Herrera and Marouane Fellaini in this current period , while Juan Mata and Ashley Young have been big positives this season . Wayne Rooney 's quality and contribution as United captain is never up for debate -- for me he should be the closest challenger to Eden Hazard for Player of the Year . Which leaves players like Adnan Januzaj , Radamel Falcao , Robin van Persie and Angel di Maria . Ander Hererra -LRB- holding off Chelsea 's Cesc Fabregas -RRB- has impressed for United in recent weeks . Juan Mata -LRB- right -RRB- is starting to show his best form after moving from Chelsea last January . Angel di Maria -LRB- centre -RRB- has struggled this season but to leave him leave would be a massive risk for United . United 's on-loan striker Radamel Falcao has struggled for form ever since joining the club last summer . Januzaj has stalled a little bit after bursting onto the scene , but he may yet come good . Van Persie would be brilliant off the bench next season -- he 's still capable of scoring important goals . The two South Americans are expensive stellar players , but neither have impressed in their first season in English football . To let both leave would be a gamble -- European rivals will pick them up , and if they suddenly re-discover their game , United will look foolish . Keeping both is also a risk , but one worth taking if you add one more world-class attacking player . And that 's why United need to go all out to get Gareth Bale . At times this season United have been so slow in their build up . Bale brings dynamism , goals and energy to a side . He could flourish at United , stepping out of Cristiano Ronaldo 's shadow at Real Madrid . United have already enquired about PSV 's Depay , he has all the skills and end product to be loved at Old Trafford , but United still need that marquee man to humiliate opposing defences at home and abroad . Memphis Depay -LRB- left , in action for PSV -RRB- is a prime target for United and has the potential to be a great signing . Gareth Bale has the dynamism , goals and energy that United have missed in their side this season . Van Gaal signed a three-year deal . If he wins the Premier League and the Champions League in that time he will be considered a total success at United . It 's a tough ask , but he could win both next season . Given his record of winning titles elsewhere , I certainly would n't rule that out . I suspect the United haters will have to calm themselves down over the next few seasons . Did they really think United would be gone for long ?