A 28-year-old teacher has been charged after she allegedly exchanged multiple nude pictures and videos with a 14-year-old student she began texting when he was just 12 . Whitney Fetters , from Putnam City , Oklahoma , turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $ 10,000 bail . On Wednesday , Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with one count of soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana . The Spanish teacher , who has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School , allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting ` so they could get high and have sex ' . Scroll down for video . Charged : Whitney Fetters has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana . Accused : She allegedly exchanged naked photos and sexual videos with the boy , and sent him sexually suggestive text messages . She also invited him over to get high and have sex . She had met the victim at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages , but last year , the messages became sexual . Court documents cited by News9 earlier this year indicated the victim sent the first sexually explicit message , telling Fetters he thought she was ` hot ' with a partially nude photo of the boy . They allegedly went on to exchange 20 naked and partially nude images , as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages . One text allegedly sent by Fetters to the boy read , ` Touching myself is fun ' , WSET reported . Another featured a photo of the woman wearing only her underwear with a text : ` That 's all you get . ' The teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy over to stay the night so they could have sex on February 13 , but authorities learned of the relationship before that was able to happen . The plan emerged after other students told school staff that the boy had inappropriate photos of a woman , The Oklahoman reported . Caught : Fetters first started messaging the boy when he was 12 and the texts turned sexual last year . Fired : The 28-year-old Spanish teacher was fired after students told staff that the boy had photos of her . Officials learned of the allegations against the middle school teacher on January 30 . When two school principals approached him during a school sporting event , he allegedly deleted the explicit photos and videos , but police were able to recover them . During a search of Fetters ' family home , police seized her cell phone , computers , marijuana , and lingerie matching the photos found on the student 's iPad . She was removed from her job and no longer works for the school district . Fetters graduated from the University of Central Oklahoma with a BA in Spanish . According to public records , she is not married .