Ed Miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in three days this morning after going to ground over the Easter weekend . The Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning -- his first public appearance since Saturday . While Mr Miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family -- his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day . Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in over 72 hours this morning after going to ground over the Easter weekend . While Mr Miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family -- his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day . After a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in Doncaster on Saturday , the Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family . Labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live TV debates , where he can speak directly to voters . There have already been rumblings of discontent in the party over the amount of time Mr Miliband appears to be spending preparing for the debates . After a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in Doncaster on Saturday , the Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family . At the same time , David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon was prominent on the campaign trail . The Prime Minister was pictured kissing an orphaned lamb on Easter Sunday , and he delivered a major speech on the economy on Bank Holiday Monday yesterday . Mr Clegg spent Easter Sunday with his family , but he made a series of campaign visits yesterday . David Cameron - greeted in Belfast by Tory minister Theresa Villiers - is on a whirlwind tour of the UK his wife Samantha - visiting Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland and England . Mr Cameron , holding his wife 's hand , visited the Titanic Studios in Belfast , where they saw the film sets for the TV drama Game of Thrones . The Prime Minister visited Edinburgh this morning - where he tucked into breakfast with Samantha . Both Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg recorded televised Easter messages , while the Labour Leader only posted a statement to Facebook . The Prime Minister has also ramped up his campaigning today -- visiting constituencies in all four countries of the United Kingdom while Mr Miliband is appearing at an event in Bristol . A number of Labour MPs are concerned at Mr Miliband 's decision to appear in a third TV debate a week on Thursday . The showdown -- dubbed the ` Challengers Debate ' -- will not feature the Prime Minister or his Mr Clegg , leaving the Labour leader open to attacks from the SNP , Plaid and the Greens . One MP said it was ` madness ' for him to take part in the debate minor parties without the Tories and Lib Dems . Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg works while traveling on a train to the north west of England while on the campaign trail . Nigel Farage - who was campaigning in Kent yesterday - met workers at Bird and Yates car repairs during campaigning in Cannock in the Midlands today . First Minister of Scotland and leader of the SNP Nicola Sturgeon met with residents of Livingston , west Lothian . A Labour source told the Telegraph : ` We understand that there are different views but we took a simple decision : the more people see a man with the energy , principles and the ideas to change Britain the better it is . ` And the more opportunity we can have to speak directly with the public the better it is . ` You can gameplay 100 different scenarios but if someone offers us 90 minutes of airtime to talk to the public , if he has a chance to talk to millions of people , we should take it . ' Mr Miliband this morning used his first campaign appearance since Saturday to launch a fresh attack on the Tory record on the NHS . The Labour leader said a & e waiting times had soared because the Government had failed to keep GP surgeries open at evenings and weekends . Addressing an audience in Bristol , he said : ` The NHS can not go forward if queues to see your GP are stretching backwards and I believe that Britain can do a lot better than people waiting day after day for basic healthcare . That 's what our plan will do . ' While Ed Miliband went to ground yesterday , the Prime Minister hit the campaign trail - visiting supporters in Poole , Dorset . Ukip leader Nigel Farage was also out campaigning yesterday , on Bank Holiday Monday , visiting families in South Thanet , Kent . Mr Cameron meanwhile was on a whirlwind tour visiting all four nations of the UK in a day . He kicked off his aeroplane tour in Edinburgh , visiting the Scottish Widows headquarters for breakfast with wife Samantha . The Prime Minister chatted to staff about pension changes as he tucked into haggis , egg and fried bread , while Mrs Cameron had a bacon roll . He was later due to fly to Wales before addressing a rally of supporters in the south-west of England . Ahead of the 600-mile trip , Mr Cameron insisted he had a ` simple message ' . He said : ` We have one month to save our economy from the disaster of an Ed Miliband government . ` We have one month to save Britain from his mountain of debt ; one month to save Britain from his punitive taxes ; one month to save Britain , and British families , from his anti-business and anti-aspiration agenda . ' The premier said Britain had been put back on its feet over the past five years , adding all four parts of the UK were now growing .