Bizarre pictures have emerged of two models posing seductively with a giant brown bear as part of an anti-hunting campaign . The photos , taken in a forest outside Moscow in Russia , show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650 kg bear , named Stephen . Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting - but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat . Scroll down for video . Bizarre : Despite the anti-hunting message , one of the models , Lidia Fetisova , was pictured wearing a fur coat as she hugged the 650 kg bear . Loving embrace : Organisers of the photo shoot wanted to highlight the importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting . Bear hug : Model Maria Sidorova is pictured kneeling on a single bed and wrapping her arms around Stephen the brown bear - in a forest outside Moscow . Photographer Olga Barantseva , who captured the images , said : ` We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears . ` It is about showing a traditional friendship - just like between two human friends - but between humans and the bears in Russia . ` We all need to live side-by-side in harmony and not hunt our fellow citizens who live in the forest . ' In one shot , the bear wraps his paws around one of the models while she is lying in the snow wearing a swimming costume . The same model is seen wearing a fur coat in one picture , despite the anti-hunting message - although it is not clear whether the fur is real . Dare to bare : Lidia Fetisova , pictured wearing a swimming costume , clambered on top of Stephen for one the bizarre pictures . Call of the wild : 18-year-old Stephen sits on a bed and appears to let out a roar as Maria Sidorova , dressed in a nightie , sits in front of the animal . Gentle giant : Lidia Fetisova lies down in the snow and cuddles up next to Stephen as the giant 650 kg brown bear shows his fearsome claws . The models revealed that Stephen was free to do ` what he wanted ' during the photo shoot but Lidia insisted the bear did not harm her at all . Stephen , the 18-year-old , 2.2 metre tall bear , was rescued by his owner Yuriy Panteleenko , who found him barely alive in the hands of hunters . He negotiated the three-month-old bear 's release , but soon discovered his mother had either abandoned him or been slaughtered and he was too weak . Instead Mr Panteleenko took him in and hand-raised him like a parent . But after being hand reared , Stephen was unable to reintegrate back into the wild . The professional circus trainer eventually trained Stephan to become a movie star - and the animal has since appeared in a host of Russian blockbusters including , Tsar . Stephen , the 18-year-old , 2.2 metre tall bear , was rescued by his owner Yuriy Panteleenko -LRB- pictured with the orange top -RRB- , who found him barely alive in the hands of hunters . Lidia Fetisova said she alllowed Stephen to hug her and lick her face and hands . She described the bizarre photo shoot as ` a very special experience ' He added : ` Stephen is a very special bear . I would say he is a unique bear . He is very clever , kind and beautiful . ' Mr Panteleenko used mozzarella and sweet cookies - Stephens favourite treats - to coax him into position for the incredible photographs . One of the models , Maria , said : ` I had been looking forward to this shoot for a while . But the reality even exceeded my dreams of what it would be like to interact with such a big animal . ` I could hug a real bear , speak to him and hide under his giant paw . Photographer Olga Barantseva , who captured the images , said she wanted to ` show the natural harmony between humans and bears ' Maria Sidorova holds a toy bear while a Stephen perches on a bed behind her . The model admitted she was frightened to start with but added : ` As soon as I hugged hum I felt his warmth and how soft his fur was ' Mr Panteleenko -LRB- pictured sitting with the bear -RRB- used mozzarella and sweet cookies - Stephens favourite treats - to coax him into position for the incredible photographs . Mr Panteleenko , a professional circus trainer , eventually trained Stephan to become a movie star - and the animal has since appeared in a host of Russian blockbusters including , Tsar . ` In the beginning I was frightened , but as soon as I hugged hum I felt his warmth and how soft his fur was . ` The experience made me realise that these animals are not all blood thirsty and dangerous to humans - we can co exist together peacefully as long as we respect them . ' Lidia said : ` During the shoot the bear was almost free to do what he wanted - but he did not harm me . ` To be hugged by him and let him lick my face and hands was a very special experience . '