The boy dubbed China 's ` miracle baby ' after he was born the moment his mother was killed in a horrific car crash has just celebrated his first birthday . Zhao Pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city , in south-eastern China 's Fujian province . Both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March , reports The People 's Daily . Pingan Zhao -LRB- pictured -RRB- was named China 's ` miracle baby ' after he was born as his mother died in a crash . Chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been ` catapulted ' from his mother 's womb ' as the truck ran over her , ending up ten feet away from her . This unbelievable story of his birth led to him becoming something of a local celebrity and hailed as a ` miracle baby ' . The baby was given the name Zhao Pingan which means ` safe and sound ' in Chinese . Pingan was then adopted by his uncle Zhao Yanchao and his grandmother Xiao Kaixing . On Saturday , Pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly - about a month after his real birthday of March 18 - in his hometown Xiamen , surrounded by family members and the volunteers and doctors who treated him at the time . Uncle Yanchao said : ` I lost my older brother to an absolute tragedy , now I have a duty to see him live on in Pingan . Chinese media reported that the baby boy had been ` catapulted ' from his mother 's womb -LRB- left -RRB- when the truck ran over her , ending up ten feet away from her . Pingan -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates his first birthday with his family . Pimgan was dubbed China 's ` miracle baby ' by local media after his miraculous start in life -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` He already has his eyes and his mother 's smile . I shall love and treasure him as I know they would have done . ' To celebrate his birthday his aunt , Ms Zhang , in keeping with Pingan 's native Sichuan tradition , gave some items for the little boy to ` hold on to ' to determine his future . He immediately took a calculator , pen and an apple . ` These three items indicates Pingan will safely proceed with his studies and he will have a deep interest in learning . ' said a smiling Ms Zhang . When Pingan was seven months old he was taken Beijing 's Tiantan Hospital Neurosurgery department to have an operation to drain the build-up of water in his head . A doctor said because of Pingan 's injuries his development may be a bit behind his peers , especially in his speech and ability to walk . Pingan enjoys a piece of cake as he celebrates his first birthday one year on from the horror crash . But despite his difficult start in life Pingan has developed into a happy and smiling little boy . Now Pingan 's uncle and aunty are preparing to move and work away from home in order to bring in more money as they are concerned about the ongoing treatment he will need . ` Pingan may still need further operations , ' said his uncle Zhao Yanchao . Baby Pingan suffered from minor bruises and scratches when he was found at the scene of the accident last year . Police spokesman Chan Chien said at the time : ` Eye witnesses said that when the woman was hit by the truck she gave birth on the spot . ' Pingan is a happy little boy - but his family are concerned he could require further hospital treatment for the injuries he received in the crash . ` Others said that the baby which was a healthy 4.2 kg had been thrown out of the woman 's belly and had landed three meters away . ' Police confirmed soon after the accident that they had arrested a 45-year-old truck driver who had apparently turned into the road just as the motorbike was coming along . A spokesman from Beiiing Tian Tan Hospital said shortly after the accident : ` The baby has had an MRI scan because he is suffering from hydrocephalus , water on the brain , which was caused by the accident . ` He will need to undergo more surgery although we do not think his condition is serious . ` He truly is a miracle baby . ' Xiamen City Hospital Paediatrician Dr Fang Mei , who treated Pingan at the time , said on Saturday : ` When he first arrived he was covered in dirt with cuts to his head . ' ` Weighing over 9 lb the baby boy still had his umbilical cord and placenta attached to him when he arrived at the hospital . ' Dr Fang said that as Pingan had hit the floor quite hard he had sustained some nerve damage to his fragile body . She said : ` None of the medical staff had seen how Pingan was pushed out of his mother 's body and we wonder how it could have been possible - but the fact that he survived is something of a miracle . ' Pingan 's plight moved the nation and volunteers and charities flocked to offer their time and help with his recovery . Two branches of the Red Cross in Xiamen City set up a ' 3.18 Hai Cang Miracle Baby Fund ' and were able to find 50 ` Loving Mummies ' to provide him with round the clock care and attention . The head of a local charity volunteer group , Ms Li , said they set up a call to action movement to help the miracle baby and were ` overwhelmed ' by the response . Nappies , toys , as well as expertise and time were all donated to Pingan . The baby poses with some of the hospital staff and volunteers who helped care for him following the crash . Pingan is pictured with his uncle on his first birthday - his uncle is now planning to move away in order to earn enough money to look after the baby and pay for any further medical treatment he may need .