It was the maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world . For those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional Cheryl 's birthday , then the answer was July 16 . Those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates given as part of the question . The question , ` So when is Cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad . At first , it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out . The question , ` So when is Cheryl 's birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad . It asked : Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is . Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates : May 15 , May 16 , May 19 , June 17 , June 18 , July 14 , July 16 , August 14 , August 15 and August 17 . Cheryl then tells Albert and Bernard separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively . The puzzle asked : Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is . Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates . May 15 , May 16 , May 19 . June 17 , June 18 . July 14 , July 16 . August 14 , August 15 , August 17 . Cheryl then tells Albert and Bernard separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively . Albert : I do n't know when Cheryl 's birthday is , but I know that Bernard does not know too . Bernard : At first I do n't know when Cheryl 's birthday is , but I know now . Albert : Then I also know when Cheryl 's birthday is . So when is Cheryl 's birthday ? Albert said : ` I do n't know when Cheryl 's birthday is , but I know that Bernard does not know too . Bernard said : ` At first I do n't know when Cheryl 's birthday is , but I know now . ' Albert said : ` Then I also know when Cheryl 's birthday is . ' To reach the answer , it is possible to work through the information both men known to rule out nine of the dates in a number of steps . First , we know Cheryl has already told Albert the month of her birthday , and Bernard the day . Each of the men does not know what the other has been told . So , for Albert to be ` certain ' that Bernard can not know the answer - as suggested in the first statement he makes - we can deduct that the birthday can not possibly be in May or June . This is because in the months of May and June there are numbers -LRB- dates -RRB- that only occur once across the four months - namely May 19 and June 18 . If Albert had been given May or June as the month , there is no way he could be sure Bernard did not already know the birthday as Bernard might have been the number 18 or 19 . For Albert to be ` certain ' that Bernard does n't know , Albert must have been given a month that does not contain one of these ` unique ' dates - i.e. July or August . The problem was posted on Facebook by ` Hello Singapore ' television presenter Kenneth Kong , and went viral as people posted their various solutions to the problem . It was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiads -LRB- SASMO -RRB- , which were held on April 8 -LRB- stock image of exam room shown -RRB- . Albert 's disclosure now gives Bernard the clue he needs to work out the birthday for himself . Bernard only knows the number of Cheryl 's birthday , but from Albert 's statement he has now also ruled out both May and June . This is because he realises Albert has ruled out May and June because of the ` single number ' aspect above . As Bernard says he knows the date , we can whittle it down further to three dates by ruling out the numbers that appear in duplicate . If Cheryl had told Bernard that her birthday fell on the 14th of the month , then he could not have worked out the date at this stage . However , as he states that he now knows the date , we can rule out July 14 or August 14 . This leaves just three dates to chose from - July 16 , Aug 15 and Aug 17 . Following Bernard 's statement , Albert is then apparently also able to deduce the date of Cheryl 's birthday . This means her birthday must be the only remaining date in the month he was originally told . Given that there are two dates left in August and one in July , it has to be the July date . So the answer is July 16 . Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants . This year around 28,000 students from countries across the world including Singapore , China and the UK took the test . The problem was posted on Facebook by ` Hello Singapore ' television presenter Kenneth Kong , and went viral as people posted their various solutions to the problem . It was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiads -LRB- SASMO -RRB- , which were held on April 8 . This year around 28,000 students from countries across the world including Singapore , Thailand , Vietnam , China and the UK took the test . Henry Ong , executive director of SASMO , told Mothership.sg : ` Being Q24 out of 25 questions , this is a difficult question meant to sift out the better students . SASMO contests target the top 40 % of the student population and the standards of most questions are just high enough to stretch the students . ' Of course , perhaps the more important question is whether Cheryl deserves a birthday gift at all after putting us through all of this .