The finish might have been uncharacteristically scruffy , scored after his first shot came back off the keeper , but it was a landmark goal for Lionel Messi at the Nou Camp on Saturday as he made it 400 goals for Barcelona in a 2-0 win over Valencia . Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez scored with practically his first , putting Barcelona 1-0 up after just 56 seconds . Between the two strikes Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty as Valencia dominated the first half but they could n't make their pressure tell . For Messi , still only 27 , it was another milestone . ` I hope to score many more , ' he wrote on his Facebook page . Lionel Messi -LRB- left -RRB- , Luis Suarez -LRB- centre -RRB- and Neymar celebrate Suarez 's goal in the first minute for Barcelona against Valencia . Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- lashed the ball in after neat play from Messi to continue his fine form for Barcelona . Valencia enjoyed a better first half , despite the scoreline and captain Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute . Bravo celebrates his penalty save but Barcelona were fortunate to take a lead into half time . Messi tapped in Barcelona 's second goal in stoppage time to seal the victory over Valencia . The Argentine has reached the 400 goal total in just 471 games with 309 goals in the league , 75 in the Champions League and 32 in the Copa del Rey . Goals in the World Club Cup and the Spanish and European Super Cup have also made up the stratospheric total . He also has 141 assists to his name in those 471 matches . Afterwards Luis Enrique said : ` Messi gave us what he always gives us . But it 's not just about him it 's about the whole forward line and the whole team . ' Suarez was once again decisive after his two goals in midweek against PSG in the Champions League and he is now just six games from picking up a league winners medal in his first season . The early strike would have counted for nothing however if Valencia had made their first-half domination pay and had Bravo not stopped that eighth-minute penalty . As Messi raced from inside his own half to get the late late second , Enrique could be seen jumping up and down in the technical area long before the ball was in the back of the net . He knows what a major hurdle his side have now cleared . The victory sees Luis Enrique 's side move five points away from Real Madrid , who take on Malaga later on Saturday . Messi skips past two Valencia challenges as Barcelona secured an important win against La Liga 's fourth placed side . Messi attempts an acrobatic kick for Barcelona against Valencia in the La Liga encounter at the Nou Camp on Saturday . Barcelona were ahead inside the first minute with a move that swept from one end of the pitch to the other starting with Bravo releasing the ball quickly and finishing with a first time finish from Suarez past Diego Alves into far corner . Between the two Barca moved the ball quickly with Sergi Busquets releasing Messi and his pass poked home by the Uruguayan who has now scored 12 goals in his last 12 games . Far from being shell-shocked by the early set-back Valencia unleashed the big guns and Barcelona were under-fire for the rest of the first half . Paco Alcacer and Rodrigo both went close and were running an out-of-sorts Gerard Pique ragged . On eight minutes Valencia should have equalized . Rodrigo went down easily under a half challenge from Pique . It was a generous spot-kick and Bravo got down well to Parejo 's kick to save it . With a full Camp Nou sensing that a win here would be a huge step towards the title for Barcelona , and Valencia in a scrap of their own to finish in the top four the game was being played at cup final pace . Parejo flattened Busquets who for once he did n't need to exaggerate the fall as he crashed to ground . And full-back Orban risked a first half sending off with foul after foul . He was shown a yellow and never appeared for the second period . Adding to the drama was the panic in Barcelona 's defence . Pique was either failing to stay on his feet or giving the ball to Valencia forwards . The falling down was contagious with Adriano -- another who did n't come out for the second half -- also losing his footing despite the perfect playing conditions . Neymar -LRB- right -RRB- attempts a diving header for Barcelona as his side looked to increase their lead at the top of La Liga . Barcelona have a five-point lead over Madrid , who could cut the deficit to two points with victory over Malaga . Alcacer continued to threaten . It 's not difficult to see why on-loan Manchester City forward Alvaro Negredo , who Valencia are obliged to buy this summer , can not get a game at the moment . It is also why many Spain supporters think Diego Costa should not be Vicente Del Bosque 's first choice . Alcacer led the line and with Sofiane Feghouli and Rodrigo buzzing around him . Valencia gave Barcelona more problems than any visiting side at the Nou Camp this season . Alcacer came the closest in what remained of the first half making room for a shot from the edge of the area and hitting the base of Bravo 's post but Barca remained a threat on the break . In their best move Messi and Suarez linked with Neymar who pulled the ball back to Xavi instead of finishing . The midfielder set-up Messi and his shot flashed wide . Games at the Nou Camp can be like bull fights that used to be held in Catalonia before they were banned . Everyone in the arena knows the bull loses , it 's just a matter of when . But Valencia had worn the horns in the first half and Barcelona were relieved to get down the tunnel at half time still in one piece and still 1-0 up . The second half brought more calm to a Barcelona defence that now had Mascherano back alongside Pique after his first half spent in midfield . Valencia carried less threat and Barca went close with Neymar heading wide and Messi hitting the bar with a free-kick . He won a the kick with a brilliant run away from Parejo who up-ended him and his effort beat Diego Alves but not the frame of the goal . With 25 minutes left he moved to centre-forward as Suarez was taken off . There was no Neymar style sulk as he made his way off to a thunderous reception from the home fans . He goes into Tuesday 's game against PSG looking for his 20th goal of what has been an excellent first season . Negredo replaced Alcacer and immediately Valencia had their best chance of the second half with Bravo palming away Rodrigo 's shot . But there was to be no reward for all their fire and invention and when Messi raced clear to score the second with the last kick of the game it was all over in every sense .