Brendan Rodgers is ready to unleash Jordan Ibe on the Barclays Premier League once more after his sparkling return to training . Ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a Europa League tie against Besiktas in Istanbul . Before that , though , he had said he had been in outstanding after Rodgers had to thrust him into the spotlight . The young England international spent the first half of the season on loan at Derby County but he returned to Anfield in January and made an immediate impact , with a Man-of-the-Match performance in the Merseyside derby on February 6 . Liverpool winger Jordon Ibe in action for Brendan Rodgers ' side in the Europa League against Besiktas . Liverpool initially thought Ibe would be out for no longer than four weeks but they have been careful not to rush him ; in recent weeks , however , his training has been to a high level and Rodgers will include him in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday . Liverpool 's manager said : ` Young Jordon will come back in and I 've got to say he 's looked absolutely sensational in training . He 's been out for a while but he 's been a couple of weeks now out on the field doing his preparation work and he 's joined in the training . ` Absolutely outstanding , he 's looked . He 's got real natural fitness and he 'll come into the squad for Monday night . ' Ibe was awarded the Man-of-the-Match having performed magnificently in the Merseyside derby in February . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers dishes out the instructions during training on Saturday . The 19-year-old -LRB- right -RRB- has done well since breaking into the Liverpool first team and is seen as a key member . There will not , though , be a return for Mario Balotelli . The striker has been sidelined for the last two games , first with a knee problem then with illness and Rodgers is planning for the game without the Italy striker . ` We 'll assess that over the next couple of days , ' said Rodgers . ` He was injured against Arsenal and has been ill since the midweek and continues to be . We 'll see over the next 24 hours . ' Liverpool have dropped off the pace in the race for a top four spot following back-to-back defeat against Manchester United and Arsenal but if Louis van Gaal 's side beat Manchester City and Rodgers sees his team beat Newcastle , there will be a glimmer of light . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- centre -RRB- , who remains suspended , rides a challenge in training . The Liverpool players watch on as forward Raheem Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- looks to pass on possession . Liverpool duo Lucas Leiva -LRB- left -RRB- and Dejan Lovren -LRB- right -RRB- share a joke after a sprint exercise in training . Midfielder Joe Allen keeps hold of the ball under the attention of Dejan Lovren during the training session . Wednesday 's win over Blackburn in the FA Cup has lifted the atmosphere at Melwood and Rodgers has urged his players to focus on their job . ` The performance and the result the other night puts us back on track again , ' said Rodgers . ` Hopefully from that result we can build the momentum through until end of season . It was excellent performance and a good result in a tough tie . We 'll just take each game at a time now and really focus on the Newcastle . ` The teams in there now have the advantage . You 're looking at them slipping up and building momentum until the end of the season . It will be interesting watching it . But my sole intention is really to focus on Newcastle and getting the three points . ' Philippe Coutinho hit the winner as Liverpool advanced to the FA Cup semi-finals on Wednesday . Mario Balotelli remains sidelined with illness and will miss Monday 's visit of Newcastle to Anfield . Mamadou Sakho -LRB- right -RRB- was forced off injured against Blackburn Rovers in Wednesday 's FA Cup replay .