Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs -- reducing the number to 22 . The move is the latest evidence of how the nation 's favourite brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices . The ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ` shrinkflation ' . Going down : Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs -- reducing the number to 22 . Now 114 grams : Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11g - the equivalent of two chocolate Fingers . In most cases , the price remains the same when the amount in the pack is cut , however in some rare examples the change comes with a price rise . Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11 grams -- the equivalent of two chocolate Fingers -- to a weight of 114g . While the popular biscuits carry the Cadbury brand , they are actually made under licence by another manufacturer , Burton 's Biscuit Company , which is responsible for the changes . Burton 's said it did reduce the wholesale price of the packs to supermarkets to reflect the lower weight , but it had no say over whether this was passed this on to customers . The price at Sainsbury 's has risen from £ 1 to £ 1.50 over the past year , however it has come down from £ 1 to 80p at Tesco , according to figures from the MySupermarket website . Last month , the Daily Mail revealed how the makers of PG Tips have reduced the amount of tea in its teabags -- cutting the weight of a box of 80 by the equivalent of six teabags . From the archive : Boxes of Cadbury FIngers weighed 150g when this photograph was taken in March 2002 . Makers : The popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer , Burton 's Biscuit Company , which is responsible for the changes . Its head office is pictured -LRB- above -RRB- in St Albans , Hertfordshire . We also detailed how the Kit Kat Chunky is less chunky than it used to be after it was reduced in weight from 48g to 40g . When challenged , the manufacturer , Nestle , claimed this was partly because of rising costs and partly because of its desire to help customers lose weight as its contribution to the Government 's anti-obesity campaign . In the news : The makers of PG Tips have reduced the amount of tea in its teabags -- cutting the weight of a box of 80 by the equivalent of six teabags . Tesco reduced the size of cartons of pasta sauce , such as Tomato & Mascarpone , from 375g to 350g yet the price remained the same and it was still promoted as serving two people . John West cut the size of its tins of No Drain Tuna Steak from 130g to 120g , but again there has been no corresponding fall in the price . Cadbury has something of a track record for shrinking packs in a move that protects its profits . It famously cut back on the number of crème eggs in its multi-packs ahead of Easter from five to six . Before Christmas , Burton 's reduced its £ 5 Cadbury Collection biscuits from 380g to 335g . In 2011 , Cadbury reduced the size of the 140g bar of Cadbury Dairy Milk to 120g , so losing the equivalent of two chunks . It then cut the size of its traditional circular Roses tins from 975g to 850g -- effectively snatching away 11 of the chocolate favourites . The firm was taken over by Kraft of the US in 2010 in a deal worth £ 11.5 billion , which has come under fire for a series of cost cutting measures that have undermined the historic British brand . The firm 's American bosses have never been forgiven for reneging on a promise to keep open a Cadbury factory at Keynsham , near Bristol , when it took over the company . They have also come under fire for shifting large parts of their chocolate production to cheaper facilities in Poland . No corresponding fall in the price : John West cut the size of its tins of No Drain Tuna Steak from 130g to 120g . Which ? recently highlighted a number of big brands that have been shrunk , such loaves of Hovis ` Best of Both ' bread are down from 800g to 750g ; Birds Eye Select Mixed Vegetables down from 750g to 690g ; Aunt Bessie 's Homestyle Chip are 50g lighter at 700g ; and Philadelphia Light Soft Cheese is down 20g to 180g . The executive director at Which ? , Richard Lloyd , said : ` Shrinking products can be a sneaky way of putting up costs for consumers because pack sizes shrink but the prices do n't . ` It 's now time for action on dodgy pricing practices that stops people from easily comparing products to find the cheapest . ' The Food and Drink Federation said : ` Food and drink pricing always reflects the economic climate of the day , whether that 's the impact of changing utility prices or ingredient costs which can be volatile . ` Businesses seek to offset these costs wherever possible through improvements in efficiency and productivity , but these actions can only go so far and in some cases companies will reduce the pack size rather than increasing the price for consumers . ' Burton 's confirmed the reduction in the pack size and insisted the chocolate fingers remain good value .