George Galloway has accused the Labour candidate running against him in the Bradford West constituency of lying about being forced to marry when she was 15 years old . Naz Shah , a mother-of-three from Bradford , has previously claimed that she was coerced into marrying her cousin in Pakistan before being sexually and physically abused . However , Mr Galloway 's Respect Party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ` nikah ' , or marriage certificate , showing that she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 . Naz Shah , the Labor party candidate standing against George Galloway in Bradford West , has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15 - but Mr Galloway 's party claims to have evidence this is untrue . At a hustings on Wednesday night -LRB- pictured -RRB- Mr Galloway produced a nikah , or Pakistani marriage certificate , which he claims shows that Ms Shah was in fact married in 1990 , when she was 16 and a half . At a hustings in Bradford on Wednesday night , Mr Galloway , who is defending a 10,000-vote majority , produced the document , saying Ms Shah has ` only a passing acquaintance with the truth . ' To applause , he also accused her of playing into negative stereotypes about Pakistan , and accused her of slandering the British Pakistani community . But Ms Shah has now hit back , saying there are two copies of her Nikah . One dated 1990 , which Mr Galloway has , and another earlier version dated 1988 , which has been supplied to MailOnline . A spokesman for the Labour Party said that Ms Shah was forced into marriage aged 15 , but that her husband wanted to come to the UK on a spouse visa . Because the British authorities do not recognise marriages to people under the age of 16 , a second document was drawn up and dated 1990 . They say this is the document Mr Galloway 's party has . A Labour spokesman said : ` George Galloway is an absentee MP who has failed to stand up for , and has nothing positive to offer to , the people of Bradford West . ` He is instead resorting to desperate untruths about Labour 's candidate . We have written to him to warn him that we believe his conduct to be a breach of election law . ` While George Galloway spends his time seeking to divide our community , Naz Shah and Labour will continue to show people that she will be a strong voice for Bradford West . ' Labour also accused Mr Galloway of obtaining the nikah by sending a man to the registry office in Mirpur posing as Ms Shah 's father , who died several years ago . A Respect Party spokesman responded , saying the allegations were ` totally and utterly untrue ' , insisting that their contact had simply requested the certificate and paid a five rupee sum before it was handed over . Speaking to MailOnline , he said : ` We were given a copy of the nikah by a close family member in this country so we decided to check whether this was genuine . However , Labour have said there are two copies of the nikah , the original being dated in 1988 , when Ms Shah would have been 15 , which they are in possession of . They say the second was drawn up when Ms Shah 's husband tried to get a spouse visa to the UK , where marriages to those under 16 are not recognised . The Labour party said they have been in touch with the election watchdog about Mr Galloway 's comments , claiming they breach guidelines and warning him not to repeat them . ` We got a third party to go to the registry office in Mirpur , where he retrieved the original nikah showing the marriage was in 1990 . ` There was no subterfuge , he paid five rupees and he was given the certificate . ' Speaking to the Guardian , the party said the nikah dated 1990 revealed that Ms Shah 's mother and family members attended , claiming that this shows the ceremony was not forced . On the subject of a second nikah dated 1988 , he said the party was waiting for it to be produced so it could be independently verified . The spokesman also claimed that it was not possible for two copies of the nikah to exist without the couple first being divorced , and said Labour had yet to produce proof of a separation . The Labour party told MailOnline that they had already given the document , which is written in urdu , to three independent translators who had all confirmed it was genuine . Labour also said the party had complained to the election watchdog about Mr Galloway 's behaviour , saying he had made false statements about Ms Shah , and warned for him not to repeat them . Ms Shah first went public with the story of her childhood early last month , just days after being selected as Labour 's candidate in Bradford West . In an open letter , she described growing up in Bradford in extreme poverty and becoming homeless aged six after her father left his family destitute when he eloped with a 16-year-old neighbour . She said was forced to be a parent to her two sisters after her mother , who had suffered years of abuse at the hands of a local drug dealer , was jailed for his murder after she poisoned him . She said she became a political campaigner while fighting for her mother 's release from prison , which came in 2000 after 14 years behind bars . After Ms Shah 's mother was jailed she became estranged from the rest of the family , but travelled to Pakistan in the late 80s to see them . It was then that she claims she was forced into marrying her cousin , saying she only agreed after being coerced by other family members . According to her account , she escaped that relationship in 1992 before going back to college in Britain .