Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents do n't ` get off the grog ' and bring them home , the local government has warned . The Northern Territory 's Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays . ` I 'm giving the parents of the children responsible for this spate of violence a very clear message . Get your kids off the streets . Get them back to communities and back into school , ' Mr Giles said . Mr Elferink threatened : ` If parents do n't want to see their children in care then they need to get off the grog and head back to their home community . ' In a media statement titled ` strong consequences for Alice Springs rock throwers ' the government stated ` the current situation would not be tolerated ' . ` These children will be regarded as requiring protection and we will take immediate action . Parents should not doubt our resolve to do this , ' Mr Giles added . Northern territory 's Chief Minister Adam Giles said parents should not doubt his ` resolve ' to take their children into the hands of child protection services . Parents will also be fined $ 298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours . The manager of Jesuit Social Services in Alice Springs , John Adams , told ABC radio the government 's announcement was a ` knee-jerk ' reaction . ` Removing kids is never the best response to such an issue , ' he said . On Monday night , 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ` large rocks ' at police . Northern Territory Police Superintendent Travis Wurst said none of the group have been identified but ` the main protagonist of the incident is described as a male aged in his late teens/early twenties , of Aboriginal appearance . ' On Tuesday night no rocks were thrown at police but 34 people were taken into protective custody and 77 youths were conveyed home , while three youths were arrested for trespassing . This window was smashed in Alice Springs during the spate of rock throwing in the Northern Territory . Mr Giles -LRB- left -RRB- and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink -LRB- right -RRB- made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays . On Monday night 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ` large rocks ' at police . On Wednesday night , the crime spree appeared to calm . A Northern Territory police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia : ` We only received couple of reports of rock throwing near Anzac Hill and no reports of damage . ' There were 29 youths driven home by police as officers stepped up their police presence to deter anti-social behaviour . Superintendent Wurst said : ` The reduction of property damage and rock throwing is encouraging and police will continue to target anti-social behaviour to ensure a safe environment for the people of Alice Springs . ' A NT Police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia : ` No police officers have been harmed by the rock throwing . ' ` No police officers have been harmed by the rock throwing , ' a NT police spokesperson said . They said incidences of rock throwing had calmed down and that it was n't a ` regular occurrence ' . ` It 's more since the Easter Holidays and the carnival has been here , ' the police spokesperson said . Minister Elferink , who is in Alice Springs assessing the situation , said : ` I have directed my department to take strong action and take children into care where the legal grounds are met . ` Normally the department would see this as a last resort and be willing to work with parents but these are not normal circumstances . ' ` Gangs of youth throwing rocks at police officers is not normal and is illegal . It 's an extreme circumstance and will bring a zero tolerance approach for this kind of behaviour . '