Embarrassing footage has emerged of a missile launch going spectacularly wrong in Russia . The minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth . A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of Russia . Lift off : The rocket just about launches with debris and a plume of smoke clearly visible next to the Russian flag . Up and down : The S300 rocket barely manages to take off before it starts plummeting back down to earth . It scarcely gets off the launchpad and is followed by a small plume of smoke , before it can be seen dropping out of the sky as shouts can be heard from those watching . Seconds later , the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover and a huge explosion can be heard . The shaky camera returns to a massive plume of smoke . The leaked footage will be of some embarrassment to Vladimir Putin who as grown the Russian defence budget has grown by 33 per cent to £ 54billion over the past year . It comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed another rocket launch which killed six Russian ballistic missile technicians . Bang : A loud explosion can be heard before plumes of smoke are clearly visible following the failed launch of a rocket in Russia . Footage of the accident , which happened several months ago but officials tried to keep quiet , was posted on social network sites . It happened near Donetsk in the Ukraine where it is believed the missile was about to be fired against government forces . A second OTR-21 Tochka missile was successfully launched a few seconds later from the wreckage , but there is nothing left of the launch site controlled by Russian backed militia . It shows a deafening explosion in a field with plumes of white smoke rising quickly into the atmosphere . A second missile , which would also have been programmed , is still launched from the wreckage a few seconds later , presumably heading towards its intended target .