Raising the retirement age is unfair on Scottish pensioners because they die younger , Nicola Sturgeon declared yesterday . The SNP demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds - as the latest price of propping up Ed Miliband in Downing Street in the event of a hung Parliament . Miss Sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland because they do n't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country . Raising the retirement age is unfair on Scottish pensioners because they die younger , Nicola Sturgeon declared yesterday . She is pictured at the Westerton Care Home during an election campaign visit in Glasgow . The SNP leader demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds . At the same time , she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the State pension , which would cost billions of pounds more . Miss Sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ` at least ' £ 160 a week . It is currently £ 113 . Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the UK . In central Glasgow it is less than 73 years for men and for women less than 79 . Across Scotland the figure is about 76 for men and 80 for women . In England and Wales the figures are nearly 79 for men and nearly 83 for women . But various studies have linked lower life expectancy in Scotland to higher rates of alcohol consumption , smoking , and poor diet . It is also linked to levels of poverty and housing . Her comments will raise concerns that the SNP will demand a more expensive pension system across the whole of the UK which will benefit Scotland most . Miss Sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ` at least ' £ 160 a week . It is currently £ 113 . Speaking on a visit to a care home in East Dunbartonshire , Miss Sturgeon said : ` The Tory/Lib Dem government 's plan to further increase the state pension age is a worry to people across the UK who are planning for their future , but the failure to take Scotland 's specific circumstances into account is particularly unfair . ` Our comparatively low life expectancy rate is an issue which I will do everything in my power to change but in the meantime it would be completely unacceptable for people in Scotland who have paid in to a state pension all of their lives to lose out . ' ` That is why SNP MPs will reject any plans for a further increase in the state pension age . ' ` Our pensioners have contributed hugely to society and are entitled to get a fair deal in their retirement in return . She said the SNP would ensure that ` the contribution older people have made throughout their lives is recognised ' if they hold the balance of power after the election . Miss Sturgeon also issued a demand for the single tier pension to increase to at least ` to ensure pensioners are no longer subjected to the scourge of means-tested benefits . ' The SNP have demanded an end to ` austerity ' and for the Trident nuclear missile system to be scrapped . A Conservative Party spokesman said : ` Capping the state pension age in Scotland will cost hardworking taxpayers across Britain more than £ 12.5 billion . ` This gives another glimpse into a future with Ed Miliband as Prime Minister , in the SNP 's pocket -- meaning more borrowing , more spending , and more debt than our children could ever hope to repay . ' On Sunday Miss Sturgeon said the SNP would be prepared to prop up a minority Labour government even if Ed Miliband lost the election . She said the party 's MPs would vote to support Labour even if the party won fewer seats than the Conservatives on May 7 . The SNP have demanded an end to ` austerity ' and for the Trident nuclear missile system to be scrapped . For many years , the UK state pension age for men was 65 and the state pension age for women was 60 . But from 2020 , both men and women 's retirement age will be 66 , increasing to 67 between 2026 and 2028 , and then linked to life expectancy after that . The government will then review the state pension age every five years . During last year 's referendum campaign , the SNP argued the level should only increase to 66 in Scotland , because a lower life expectancy means pensioners receive between £ 10,000 and £ 11,000 less .