A historic SpaceX launch that was set to take off today has been scrubbed due to bad weather . A historic SpaceX launch that was set to take off today has been scrubbed due to bad weather . Liftoff of the 208ft -LRB- 63 metre -RRB- tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33 pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2 - minute mark . Elon Musk , founder of SpaceX , tweeted : ` Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud . ' The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral , in Florida , at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow . But more bad weather is forecast . If the weather holds out , SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean . The main aim of the flight is to deliver more than 4,300 lb -LRB- 1,950 kg -RRB- of food , clothing , equipment and science experiments to the station , which flies about 260 miles -LRB- 418 km -RRB- above Earth . On board the Dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . SpaceX is hoping to show that affordable , reusuable rockets are possible for future commercial missions . The plan is for the capsule to be released on a two-day journey to the International Space Station . Once this takes place , the rocket 's first stage will flip around and fire engines to steer its descent . It will then deploy landing legs to touch down on a customised barge stationed about 200 miles -LRB- 322 km -RRB- off the coast of Jacksonville , Florida . At a pre-launch press conference on Sunday , SpaceX Vice President Hans Koenigsmann put the odds of a successful landing at 75 or 80 per cent . Nasa this morning said : ` The weather remains the primary concern for today with the most recent report calling for a 60 per cent chance of acceptable conditions at launch time . ' During a previous landing attempt in January , the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins , causing it to crash into the platform . A second attempt in February was called off because of high seas , but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart . Scroll down for video . Fast-approaching storm clouds prevented the unmanned rocket from blasting off Monday from Cape Canaveral , Florida . The company will try again Tuesday . But more bad weather is forecast . The launch will be the easy part . After liftoff , SpaceX will attempt to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean . Liftoff of the 208ft -LRB- 63 metre -RRB- tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33 pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . The company will make a second attempt on Tuesday . The ISSpresso machine uses a normal Lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . Water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . The granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ` rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' Astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . After demonstrating a successful ocean landing , SpaceX intends to bring its rockets back to a landing pad at the launch site so the boosters can be refurbished and reflown , slashing launch costs . ` It 's a long-term goal , ' Koenigsmann said . As well as the espresso machine , the SpaceX Dragon supply ship also holds experiments for Nasa 's one-year space station resident Scott Kelly , who moved in a couple weeks ago . Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko also will remain on board until March 2016 . This will be the California-based SpaceX company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from Cape Canaveral . A version of the coffee maker is scheduled for launch to the International Space Station aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment . Elon Musk - whose Southern California company delivers supplies to the International Space Station and aims to haul astronauts as well in two years - wants to start retrieving and reusing his rockets to save time and money . First-stage boosters normally just slam into the Atlantic and sink . Musk recently unveiled the images of the Falcon 9 failed landing after persuasion on Twitter by the game pioneer behind Doom , John Carmack . The images show the rocket approaching the barge following last month 's attempt . After it fails to reduce its speed , the rocket is seen crashing at an angle and exploding . Billionaire Musk described the event simply as a ` rapid unscheduled disassembly ' . SpaceX is one of two companies hired by Nasa to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles . As well as a recently extended 15-flight , $ 2 billion contract with Nasa , SpaceX is working on a passenger version of the Dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to deliver commercial communications satellites into orbit . The company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the Falcon rocket , which uses 27 engines , compared to the nine currently flying . The Falcon Heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year . At Cape Canaveral Air Force Station 's Space Launch Complex 40 , a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket stands ready to boost a Dragon capsule on its fifth commercial resupply mission . Saturday 's mission was the group 's first to put the stage on an autonomous landing platform at sea , which was held in position using deep-sea oil rigs . Pictured is an image of the fuel and oxygen combining in an explosion . Once the coffee is brewed , it 's dispensed in a pouch , which astronauts drink straight from using a straw .