Two horses have been rescued after one was found being kept in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around , while the other was chained to the ground . RSPCA inspectors were called to the house after they received numerous calls from residents living nearby in Lawrence Weston , Bristol , who were worried about the animals . Photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide , which is blocked at one end with a gate . RSPCA inspectors were called after a horse was seen living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round . Another picture shows a horse chained to the ground , with little room to move . The animals are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house for around a month and are understood to have been moved on by their owners following warnings from the RSPCA . Andrew Hiles , 65 , who lives nearby , said : ` The situation has got worse and worse . ` This has been the case for the last month . It was certainly a cause for much concern . The horses had no way of turning around , and the horse box was just left by the road side . ` Those were some terrible conditions to live in , and it is not like they have a stable or somewhere nice . It has been going on for a while . I would like to know how they even came to own these horses . ` As far as I know , a lot of us had been calling the RSPCA and asking them to do something , but I do n't know if that 's the case . ' They found another horse , which was larger , and was living at the site chained to the muddy ground . The alleyway where the horse was kept is at the bottom of a muddy slope , and the other horse was kept chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby . Both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours and a warning from the RSPCA . But Margaret Hiles , 61 , is still worried and added : ` We do n't know what has happened to the pair of them , or where they have gone . I do n't think the RSPCA has taken them , they have just been moved . The smaller horse was stuck at the base of a muddy garden , trapped in an incredibly narrow alleyway . A spokesman from the RSPCA said : ` We have received calls from concerned members of the public about two horses being kept in a garden in the Lawrence Weston area of Bristol . ` Our inspectors have made several visits to the property to issue advice to the owner to improve the environment in which the horses are being kept . ` We understand the current situation is that the horses have now been moved . '