She might be a new mother to twins but that did n't prevent a fresh-faced Charlene of Monaco from cutting a glamorous figure as she presented a sports prize this morning . Resplendent in an edgy navy leather jacket and a matching tailored dress , the 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented tennis ace Novak Djokovic with his Sportsman of the Year prize . The presentation of the award , which was bestowed on Djokovic by the Laureus Sport for Good Foundation , came during the Laureus World Sports Awards . Scroll down for video . Princess with prizes : Charlene allows herself a chuckle as she hands the award to Novak Djokovic . Although the main ceremony took place in Shanghai , Charlene 's star turn took place in Monte Carlo instead , with the moment projected onto big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars . Among the big names celebrating with Djokovic , albeit from a distance , were actors Benedict Cumberbatch and Henry Cavill and model Karolina Kurkova . While Cumberbatch , who was hosting the main event , and 31-year-old Cavill have no clear links to sport , Charlene 's own sporting pedigree is impeccable . A successful swimmer , she burst onto the scene in 1999 at the All Africa Games in Johannesburg where she picked up three golds and a silver for her native South Africa . Glamorous gathering : The 37-year-old royal cut an elegant figure during the presentation ceremony . Sporting pedigree : Charlene has an impressive sporting pedigree of her own and was an Olympic swimmer . Chuffed : Mr Djokovic looked suitably thrilled with his Sportsman of the Year award . She went on to compete in the 2000 Olympics but narrowly missed out on the 2008 event after spending 18 months out with shoulder injury . Since marrying Monaco 's Prince Albert in July 2011 , she has used her position to promote a number of sporting initiatives via the Princess Charlene Foundation . Of these , the best known is a programme that encourages children to learn to swim , while emphasising water safety . Today 's outing , for the Laureus Sport for Good Foundation , dovetails with her own charitable ambitions and promotes excellence in sport , as well as positive social change . Now a mother to four-month-old twins Gabriella Thérèse Marie and Jacques Honoré Rainier , Charlene is attending fewer engagements than previously but remains a familiar sight at sporting events . Surprise guests : Mr Cavill and Mr Cumberbatch chat while showing their support for the sporting event . Roles : Mr Cavill 's new film Superman vs. Batman is n't far off , while Mr Cumberbatch is prepping for Hamlet . Adding some glamour : Model Karolina Kurkova and Paralympic cycling star Sarah Storey .