` You guys ready to play some golf ? ' asked the starter . And , yes he was . That 's exactly what Tiger Woods was ready for . Some golf . He smiled , slapped his playing partner Rory McIlroy on the back . Damn right he was ready . Not to win maybe . Not yet . By the summer , though , who knows ? There have been enough sightings of the old Tiger at Augusta this week not to give up on him yet . The problem with new Tiger , though , is that as desperate as he appears to march on , obstacles line his path , like tree roots . In some cases , exactly like tree roots . At the ninth , playing out of the Augusta pines , Woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through . He dropped his club like a red-hot poker , face creased with pain . Woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , right there , but he reset it . There was a degree of scepticism about the extent of that injury , but either way it continued to bother him for several holes and was rotten luck . There is , however , a well-worn method of avoiding such misfortune . Hit it on the fairway . Woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th , when he was rewarded with an eagle . Up to that point , he spent so much time in the trees he should have been fitted with a lumberjack shirt . At the tenth he was in so deep they were thinking of sending Lassie for help . Tiger Woods looks over his second shot on the seventh hole as the Augusta crowd look on . Woods -LRB- left -RRB- speaks to playing partner Rory McIlroy as the pair wait to tee off on the first tee . Woods reacts in pain after hitting a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole . Still , it could have been worse . This was the Masters that Tiger was advised to miss . There were some sage voices out there , saying his old friend would turn on him , that he might be embarrassed by his favourite homeland course . His game was broken , he was broken , it was argued . This was no country for an old man with faltering short irons . Some folk wanted their happy memories preserved . These four days , however , have revealed a healthier reality . Woods did n't come back too soon , he just took his leave too late . Looking at the tournaments he played in January and February , it was plain he did n't want to be there . He should have called time out then . Had he done so , had he started his recovery earlier , who knows where his game would have been by the time he reached Augusta ? Were it not for the phenomenon of Jordan Spieth 's first 54 holes , he would have been in contention here starting the final day . Woods , like McIlroy , began six under par but with Spieth ten shots ahead , it was idealistic to even contemplate a charge . Woods would have needed a score approaching the course record , and Spieth a collapse -- and he is not well-placed for miracles yet . Another major ? Well , you would n't bet against that one . Woods tees off on the tenth but in the end he did not manage to challenge runaway winner Jordan Spieth . Woods plays out of the bunker by the sixteenth green at Augusta National . It could be argued that the enthusiasm for Tiger 's performance this weekend shows how far he has fallen . After all , two of his four rounds -- the first and last -- were over par , and in the head to head on Sunday McIlroy beat him by seven shots . This was far from tournament winning golf . Then again McIlroy is the world No 1 , Woods 110 places below and has barely played this year . He has reshaped his swing which continues to be a work in progress . He would not say when he will play next after this . ` It wo n't be for a while , ' Woods confirmed . ` I like what I 'm doing , so I 'm going to go back and work on that . ' Where this will leave him for the Majors short-term it is hard to say . He finished in the top 20 here , his best return since 2013 and many rated this as the best of several recent comebacks , one that inspired speculation about his readiness for St Andrews in July . He loves the Old Course almost as much as he loves Augusta . It brings the best out of him -- and Tiger 's best may still be good enough , somewhere , some day . He was blown away here -- they all were -- by a 21-year-old Texan who has rewritten the record books . By the time Woods and McIlroy stood on the tee at 2.30 pm local time , Spieth had spoiled it for just about everyone . Only two men -- Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson -- were deemed capable of catching him . The world finally saw the two biggest names in golf paired in the final round of a major , only for it to be part of a distant undercard . Maybe that was why Sunday 's round fell flat -- for Woods , not McIlroy . McIlroy -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates after sinking a birdie putt on the eighteenth green as Woods looks on . McIlroy -LRB- right -RRB- taps Woods on the shoulder after the pair shake hands following the end of their round . The Ulsterman finished fourth and shot 66 to equal the best round of the day . Once again , inconsistency cost him dear at Augusta . He was three over par through the first 27 and with Spieth scoring so fiercely the Masters was gone from there . It is Woods 's record of 18 under par that Spieth has equalled . In the difficult circumstances that preceded this tournament , Tiger most certainly brought his A game , circa 2015 ; how was he to know he also required a time machine to make it 1997 again and stay in the mix ? What is plain , despite Sunday 's disappointment , is that rumours of Tiger 's demise were exaggerated . He was diagnosed from afar as having the chipping yips , and there were plenty of amateur physicians declaring his condition at best chronic and at worst incurable . Phil Mickelson , however , offered a second opinion . Speaking at Torrey Pines , where Woods quit after 12 holes to rebuild his short game , he was a rare voice predicting this cautiously positive return . ` I think Tiger 's going to have the last laugh , ' Mickelson said . ` I think his short game , historically , is one of the best of all time and when you have n't played it 's the first thing to feel uncomfortable and the quickest thing to get back . I do n't think he 's going to have any problems . We have all had stretches where we do n't hit it solid and usually it 's just a small tweak . It 's such a short swing that it 's not a hard thing to fix . I do n't see that lasting more than a week or two . ' Last year 's champion Bubba Watson -LRB- left -RRB- presents winner Spieth with the green jacket at Augusta . Woods reacts after missing a birdie putt on the twelfth hole on Sunday afternoon . Woods hits from the edge of the pine by the tenth hole as the large crowds behind him watch on . It took a little longer than that -- with considerably harder graft -- but considering some feared we had seen the last of Tiger , this was a tentative return to form . If there was a turning point , it came at the 11th on day one , when he missed the green right and saved par with a quite fabulous chip . Anyone who had the chipping yips , it was said , would still be there now , trying to get up and down . Woods would have known the world was watching his every tic , too . His golf has not been without flaws since , not least his driving , but his short game was a weapon around Augusta , as it once was . There had been a practice round earlier in the week in which Woods was rumoured to have outplayed Spieth down the back nine . There was no sign of that individual superiority over the ensuing four days -- 19 shots between them and Spieth leading wire to wire -- but this was never about Woods winning at Augusta . This was about him being back in the game , holding his end up , about him looking like he was enjoying golf , and life , and there was certainly evidence of that . He will probably need to work sun up to sun down again , and to win a minor , before he can land a major , but would anyone bet against it given the sight of him walking Augusta on Sunday in the company of the world No 1 ? Ready to play some golf ? One day Tiger may face down Rory and it will matter . And maybe even one day soon .