Every weekend , Sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the Barclays Premier League team of the day . It was the Saturday that saw Leicester City keep their survival chances alive by coming from behind to beat West Brom and Tim Sherwood claim a priceless victory for Aston Villa at his former club Tottenham . Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace shoved Sunderland closer to the drop zone , while Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton . Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a 1-0 win over Burnley , while the matches between West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws . GOALKEEPER . Brad Guzan 7.5 -LRB- Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA -RRB- . This could prove the key moment if Aston Villa are to preserve their Premier League status , as Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane and beat the club who ditched him last summer . He 'll be grateful to goalkeeper Brad Guzan , who made a number of important saves to keep the Spurs challenge at bay . Goalkeeper Brad Guzan celebrates after Aston Villa 's vital 1-0 win at Tottenham on Saturday . DEFENCE . Leandro Bacuna 7.5 -LRB- Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA -RRB- . It was an afternoon for stout hearts in the Villa defence as they clung on to Christian Benteke 's 35th-minute goal but nobody was found wanting . Bacuna was effective in dealing with the Tottenham threat down his side of the pitch and also set up the winning goal . Villa 's Leandro Bacuna tacks a run by Tottenham 's Danny Rose during their 1-0 win at White Hart Lane . Scott Dann 7 -LRB- Sunderland vs CRYSTAL PALACE -RRB- . Few preidcted that Palace would be sitting comfortably in 11th place at this point of the season , but that 's the situation after their impressive 4-1 win at beleaguered Sunderland . Yannick Bolasie may have stolen the headlines but it was a win build also on solid defence and Dann was their stand-out performer at the back . Scott Dann tries to block an effort from Sunderland 's Steven Fletcher during Saturday 's contest . Ron Vlaar 8 -LRB- Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA -RRB- . After Benteke 's opening goal on 35 minutes , Villa had to soak up a lot of Tottenham pressure and their central defensive pairing of Vlaar and Nathan Baker was excellent . The Dutchman needed to draw on a good deal of his experience and he commanded the back line with aplomb . Ron Vlaar keeps a check on in-form Tottenham striker Harry Kane at White Hart Lane . Nacho Monreal 7 -LRB- Burnley vs ARSENAL -RRB- . Arsenal have found a new resoluteness on their travels and this was much in evidence at Turf Moor as they came away with a narrow but well-deserved win over Burnley . Monreal was a big part of this , performing his duties well both at the back and going forward . Nacho Monreal controls the ball during Arsenal 's 1-0 win at Burnley on Saturday . MIDFIELD . Fabian Delph 8 -LRB- Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA -RRB- . Delph has been a bright point in an otherwise disheartening season for Villa and he was one of their strongest performers again at Tottenham as he took control of the midfield battle . Indeed , the England international could have scored a second goal towards the end but one was enough for Sherwood 's team . Fabian Delph turns away with the ball from Tottenham winger Andros Townsend . Aaron Ramsey 8.5 -LRB- Burnley vs ARSENAL -RRB- . While the Gunners ' resugrence may have come to late to stop Chelsea claiming the title , their form since the turn of the year has offered great encouragement . Ramsey is often at the core of this and his energetic performance at Burnley was rewarded with a 12th-minute winner that took Arsenal 's record to 15 wins in 17 games . Aaron Ramsey celebrates with Hector Bellerin after scoring what proved to be Arsenal 's winner at Burnley . Wilfried Zaha 7.5 -LRB- Sunderland vs CRYSTAL PALACE -RRB- . ` Ruthless , unforgiving ... Too fast , too powerful ' - that was the verdict of Sportsmail 's Craig Hope on Zaha as Palace ran riot at Sunderland . The winger was a constant menace for the home defence and helped improve Palace 's record to 25 points from a possible 36 since Alan Pardew took charge . Wilfried Zaha gets past Sunderland 's Steven Fletcher to set off on one of his marauding runs . FORWARDS . Yannick Bolasie 9 -LRB- Sunderland vs CRYSTAL PALACE -RRB- . A moment of history for Bolasie as he became the first Palace player to score a hat-trick in the Premier League . His treble at the Stadium of Light came in an electric 11 minutes after the break and turned a slender away victory into a rout . His second was the best , a chip over Costel Pantilimon after he pounced to rob a dithering John O'Shea of the ball . Yannick Bolasie wheels away in celebration after completing his hat-trick for Palace against Sunderland . Christian Benteke 8.5 -LRB- Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA -RRB- . Benteke 's 11 goals this season have been vital in keeping their head above water in the Premier League relegation battle and he again popped up with the winner at Spurs . Benteke outjumped Fazio to reach a Bacuna cross and direct a header beyond Michel Vorm to settle the contest . Christian Benteke celebrates his winner for Aston Villa against Tottenham at White Hart Lane . Jamie Vardy 7.5 -LRB- West Brom vs LEICESTER -RRB- . His stoppage time goal at The Hawthorns offered fresh hope that Leicester may pull off the Great Escape and came about through sheer force of will . Vardy robbed Gareth McAuley of possession on the halfway line and advanced beyond Joleon Lescott to score and complete Leicester 's late comeback . Jamie Vardy celebrates his stoppage time winner for Leicester City at West Brom .