A Michigan girl dismissed from a Catholic school for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments has been invited back but will attend a public school for now , her mother said . Barbara McGrath said St. Joseph Middle School officials informed her that Rose McGrath could return to the Battle Creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns until later this week to allow for ` a cooling-off period . ' Barbara McGrath said that her daughter is attending Lakeview Middle School and that she ca n't say whether Rose will return to St. Joseph , a private Catholic school , until she determines if issues can be resolved . Rose McGrath , pictured here with her mother , Barbara McGrath , was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek , Michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards . She 's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process . When Rose found out that she had been kicked out of the school , she tearfully said that she ` did n't do anything wrong ' . The 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments , which started in 2012 . ` It sounds like they 're not going to pass her anyway , even if she goes back , ' Barbara McGrath said of her 7th-grade daughter , who is in remission but still recovering from treatments for acute lymphoblastic leukemia diagnosed in 2012 . ` I do n't see her being able to go back there and being successful . ' The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose 's father that officials worked with her but absences ` hampered her academic performance . ' It adds that the 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April 13 , but Barbara McGrath says that does n't include ` numerous ' partial days . The school , which charges as much as $ 6,983 per year for tuition , also wrote that it has taken ` significant adjustments to our standards ' to help Rose , including reducing her workload and paring down assignments and tests . ` Rose 's attendance , coupled with her academic performance , do not qualify her for continued attendance at St. Joseph Middle School , ' the letter read . It continued : ` We know Rose to be an intelligent and thoughtful child , and believe she would be well-suited to enroll in an academic setting more geared to homebound students , perhaps an online program as we have discussed in the past . ' Though Rose is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork . Rose 's mother says her daughter is n't skipping out of school ` to have fun ' but that she has to miss school because she does n't feel well . Battle Creek Area Catholic Schools ' pastor administrator John Fleckenstein was not immediately available for a comment . He told WWMT last week that ` these were extraordinary circumstances ' but they were necessary after ` so many accommodations were made ' to help Rose . Barbara McGrath countered that the school made only minor modifications to the workload and her daughter ` had to do every single project , every single test . ' McGrath added that , by her account , Rose was on track to pass this year . ` I did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' Rose McGrath said tearfully last week to WWMT . Barbara McGrath said that though Rose is finished with her treatments , she has a long way to go . John Fleckenstein , Battle Creek Area Catholic Schools ' pastor administrator , claims that the school made many accommodations for Rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough . Rose attended St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek from kindergarten through 7th grade . Though she 's been offered a spot back at the school after they dismissed her , Rose 's mother said ` it sounds like they 're not going to pass her anyway , even if she goes back ' ` Even though she 's now done with her treatments you still have a very long recovery process because you 've basically just put two and a half years of poison into your body . You 're not recovering overnight , ' she said . . Rose told WWMT that school was the one place that she actually felt normal . ` When I 'm at home , I 'm sick , I do n't feel well ; no one else does that . But when I 'm at school I 'm like everyone else , ' Rose said . `` The accommodations which were made were woefully inadequate for a child with such a serious diagnosis , ' said Rose 's father Tom McGrath to WWMT . ` It 's not like she 's out at the mall having fun , she 's in her bed , sick with nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain . She 's not having fun , she 's sick . She 'd be at school if she could , ' Barbara said . Barbara McGrath said they have filed a complaint with the federal Office of Civil Rights and asked the private district to adopt an accommodation plan for ill students similar to those required in public schools . Rose appears to have had a large support system throughout her treatment . She told one news source that school was the only place she felt normal . St Joseph claims that Rose , pictured here raising money for St. Baldrcks to find a cure for childhood cancer , only attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April 13 . Though St Joseph as invited her back , she is now attending a public middle school in the Battle Creek area .