A hotel owner believes he has found the perfect solution for revitalising his flagging business - by converting it into a swingers ' paradise . Jon Huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect and attract guests from the gay and swinging communities at his hotel Westward Ho ! in Folkestone , Kent . He plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes to cater for couples and multiple groups . Jon Huxley , standing outside his hotel Westward Ho ! in Folkestone , Kent , is looking at ` developing ' his premises to cater for swingers . He hopes the craze in Fifty Shades of Grey , starring Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey and Dakota Johnson as his object of affection Anastasia Steele , can help transform his business . He said : ` We have plans to attract tourists from the gay and swinging community for short breaks and weekends of adult fun . ` Obviously a lot of equipment will need to be installed like swings , bondage rooms , red room of pain and dungeons of delight . ` We would be having these events each weekend and accepting tourist guests during the week . ` Food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package and it would be a civilised and friendly environment . ' Mr Huxley will be hoping to recreate scenes like this from the hit film Fifty Shades of Grey . Clothing will be optional and privacy for our guests will therefore need to be ensured . ` It is not intended to be a seedy or dirty business . It is a respected clientele who enjoy taking their clothes off . ' Mr Huxley said he has decided to appeal to the swinging community after rowing with the council over the use of Grade-II listed building . Jon Huxley hopes the change in hotel ethos can see his business grow . For months he had been in a dispute with Shepway District Council over complaints about its use as a house of multiple occupation for homeless people . Councillors voted for an enforcement notice after neighbours complained of anti-social behaviour . Mr Huxley said the complaints had been about anti-social behaviour and noise from the street rather than from inside the property . He said he would not need a council entertainments licence because there would be no live entertainment , loud music or dancing . Asked what locals might think of his plans he said : ` I do not involve myself in what happens behind their closed doors and they should not involve themselves in what happens behind mine . ` I have bills to pay and the income has to come from somewhere . They have seen fit to take away my current source of guests so I have to look for other sources . ` I ca n't attract tourists because there is n't a market for it anymore and that is a fact I have to deal with . ` This is a growing market and I ca n't think of any other market that is growing at the rate of this one . ` Fifty Shades of Grey has been a phenomenal success and this is a sleeping giant in terms of the opportunities that are there . ' Mr Huxley , who has owned the hotel for 13 years , said the special weekends would be controlled through advance bookings rather than being open to casual callers . They would be advertised predominantly through the internet or word of mouth with some advertising in ` appropriate places ' . A spokesperson for Shepway District Council told MailOnline Travel : ` We would expect the owner to contact the council to discuss any licensing requirements , and to obtain listed building consent for internal works . ` The premises has currently got planning permission to be used as a hotel but does not hold a premises licence to sell alcohol . ` Anything the owner wishes to use it for outside permitted use may well require planning permission or new licences . ' Mr Huxley hopes to install swings , bondage rooms , red room of pain and dungeons of delight -LRB- film still from Fifty Shades of Grey -RRB- . It is unknown what the residents in Folkestone , Kent , will make of Mr Huxley 's plans .