A Tennessee high school 's football coach was assaulted in his office Tuesday , allegedly by a student who 'd inquired about trying out for the team . Ron Aydelott , head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack , which will require surgery . Witnesses said Aydelott in no way provoked the attack but that the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt ` disrespected , ' reports News Channel Five Network . Scroll down for video . Attacked : Ron Aydelott , head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries after being attacked by a 17-year-old student Tuesday . ` He basically just got attacked , ' principal Tom Nolan told the Daily News Journal . ` The kid just went nuts on him . Coach Aydelott was sitting down at his desk and the guy just kept whaling on him . ` He finally stopped . The kid then walked into the office , put his hands behind his back and surrendered . ' The boy was reportedly in the coach 's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team . The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault , according to a statement from the Rutherford County Sheriff 's Department . ` It 's been pretty crazy since that -LSB- the alleged assault -RSB- happened , ' student Jasper Hold told News Channel Five . ` A kid came in and I guess they got into it and ended up fighting . ' ` He basically just got attacked , ' Murfreesboro 's Riverdale High School principal Tom Nolan said . ` The kid just went nuts on him . Coach Aydelott was sitting down at his desk and the guy just kept whaling on him . ' Longtime coach : Aydelott has been a coach at Riverdale nearly 10 years . Prior to that , he coached football at Hillsboro High nearer to Nashville . In addition to coaching Riverdale 's football team , Aydelott teaches driver 's education classes . Aydelott was transported to a hospital then transferred to Vanderbilt Hospital in Nashville . ` He will have to undergo some surgery , ' Nolan said . ` We 're just in total shock . ' The boy is due back in court Wednesday , where he 'll learn whether he 'll be held as a juvenile offender or adult . According to WKRN , the student has no history of disciplinary problems at the school . As for Coach Aydelott , students were sending their positive thoughts in the hope he 'll be back to normal soon . ` I hope he makes it through because he was my teacher for a time and he was pretty nice to me and to my other fellow students . So I hope that he gets better soon , ' student Kera Pasquerilla said . ` He will have to undergo some surgery ' : The longtime coach suffered serious facial injuries . Police say the parent , Annika McKenzie , 34 , walked into Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead , New York last week without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher , Catherine Engelhardt . McKenzie believed Engelhardt had ` put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day , according to ABC 7 . Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie , telling her to first get a security pass . A fight then ensued . Authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall , placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor . Several students also became involved in the attack , including McKenzie 's 14-year-old niece . Another teacher was able to break up the melee and attend to Engelhardt . She was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to Winthrop University Hospital . Attacked and left unconscious : This photo , taken inside Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead , New York , on Wednesday , shows math teacher Catherine Engelhardt knocked out following the assault .