An architect who arranged to meet a woman on a blind date raped her several hours later while telling her ` girls say no but they do n't really mean it , ' a court has heard . Adam Leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting : ` No , no . ' Leheup met the woman on July 9 , 2013 after arranging to meet on the ` Let 's Date ' mobile phone app . Adam Leheup met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the ` Let 's Date App ' They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon 's Wine Bar . Leheup , who is a University of Greenwich graduate and technical co-ordinator on the £ 500m Nine Elms Point development , denies raping the woman . Blackfriars Crown Court heard that Leheup missed his last train home to Hersham , Walton-on-Thames , so the alleged victim allowed him to come home with her to her flat in Camden during the early hours of July 10 , 2013 . He said they enjoyed a night-long date , which included wine and cocktails , with the young woman responding to his physical advances and allowing him to remove her bra in her bedroom so he could massage her back with oil . In a statement to police , the alleged victim said : ` I told him nothing was going to happen , but he started to kiss me and I could tell he was naked . He took my clothes off and was on top of me and penetrated me and I was shouting : `` No '' a lot , but he was not listening . ` I was saying : `` No '' , but he thought it was a joke or something . Then maybe he realised I was serious and he calmed down . ` He said : `` Girl 's say : No , but they do n't mean it . '' I just wanted him out . My flatmate said she was going to call the police , but he laughed at her and said it would just be a domestic . ' Prosecutor Mr Ish Sheikh told the court the couple met on dating app ` Let 's Date ' - which connects users who mutually find each other attractive - and had two bottles of wine at Gordons Wine Bar , Embankment after meeting and walking across Waterloo Bridge . It was so late Leheup had missed his last train and his date agreed to put him up for the night . ` She made it clear nothing would happen and they went to a second bar , `` Joe 's '' , in Camden where they had mojitos . Leheup went to Gordon 's Wine Bar , pictured , with his alleged victim before going back to Camden together . Leheup has pleaded not guilty to raping the 25-year-old girl at Blackfriars Crown Court , pictured . ` He started kissing my neck and it made me a bit uncomfortable , but it was n't vicious or nasty and later I did kiss him back . We were getting on well , ' the woman told police in a video interview . ` The kissing had got a bit more aggressive , stuff I did not like , his hand on my throat , which makes me vulnerable . ` I said : `` Nothing is going to happen . '' I 'm not that kind of girl . Mr Sheikh added : ` The defendant was also a bit funny towards her when she was talking to other men at the bar . ' They returned to the complainant 's flat in the early hours . ` She shares it with two others and when they got into the bedroom she changed into jogging bottoms and a top and got into bed , where the defendant joined her without any clothes on at all . ` He started kissing her and got on top of her and she was shouting : `` No , no , '' and to stop , but he did not take any heed of these cries and touched her with his fingers . ' Partial intercourse occurred for a very short time and the young woman managed to get away and told Leheup : ` Why did you do that when I said no ? ' Mr Sheikh explained : ` One of the flatmates was woken because of the shouting and told Mr Leheup to leave , but he would n't because he said he had work the next day and wanted to wait until the trains started running . The flatmate threatened to call the police and Leheup clambered down scaffolding outside the balcony door , but was arrested on the way to the underground station . When questioned by police the defendant said his date did not object to being touched intimately by him . ` He said he was fondling her breasts and there was no talk of sex one way or the other . ` When they arrived at the bedroom he said she said words to the effect of : `` Welcome to my crack den . '' ` He said he took her bra off because she wanted a back massage with some oil and they began kissing . ` He said he got on top of her her and she then freaked out and as soon as she did he got off her , ' explained Mr. Sheikh . ` He said he climbed down the scaffolding to avoid a confrontation . ` When she was shouting : `` No '' he should have known she was not consenting . He was not going to take no for an answer that night . ' The young woman admits she was under the influence of alcohol . ` I was probably more drunk than I should have been . I was feeling a bit giddy , a bit tipsy , but I was not falling over . ' The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .