Arlette Ricci -LRB- above -RRB- , the multi-millionaire owner of Nina Ricci , was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the French taxman through HSBC . The multi-millionaire owner of the Nina Ricci fashion company was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the French taxman through HSBC bank . Arlette Ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in Europe , was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in Swiss accounts for more than two decades . A judgement handed down by a Paris criminal court added : ` The seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good . ' Ricci had denied hiding the equivalent of more than £ 15million , saying she had simply tried to avoid tax -- which is legal -- rather than evade it , which is not . However , bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter , Margot Vignat , suggested otherwise . According to the transcript , Ms Ricci boasted that she changed banks to escape prosecution and spent the hidden funds on buying a chalet in an upmarket Swiss ski resort . ` I was never troubled . So I bought a chalet in Klosters , and now it 's fine . There was 2009 , 2010 , 2011 -- it 's been three years so I think I 'm free of any type of inspection , ' Ricci was heard to say . Her daughter was heard warning her about the tax authorities , saying : ` Watch out all the same . They 're vicious . ' But Ricci reassured her , saying : ` Everyone got done but not me . They had to give themselves in and pay a fortune . ' The daughter replied : ` Oh , that could cause some damage ' . Ricci , in turn , said : ` Yes , of course , because all that is very illegal . ' In what will set a legal precedent for other cases of tax fraud through HSBC , Ricci was also fined the equivalent of more than £ 700,000 . Judges also ordered that houses in Paris and on the holiday island of Corsica worth more than £ 3m be seized . Ricci was accused of transferring the deeds of the properties to family trusts in an attempt to restructure her assets , so as to evade penalties . She was given a total of three years in prison , with two years suspended . Her daughter , 51 , was also convicted and given an eight-month suspended sentence . Henri-Nicolas Fleurance , Ricci 's tax adviser , was given a one-year suspended prison sentence and an £ 8000 fine for attempting to organise her insolvency . Jean-Marc Fedida , one of the defence barristers , said ` justice was done under frenetic , brutal pressure ' , so as to use a high-profile defendant as a ` warning to all those ' with offshore accounts . But he conceded the sentence was ` much lighter ' that what the prosecution had asked for . Ricci , who had faced a maximum prison sentence of 10 years , may ask if she can serve the prison term under less strict conditions , including wearing an electronic tag , her lawyers said . The multi-millionaire is the first French national to face trial over tax evasion in what has been dubbed a test case . Her name was among thousands of HSBC clients who were discovered to have non-declared bank accounts in Switzerland . Whistleblower Herve Falciani , a former employee of the bank , passed a list with more than 3,000 names of suspected tax evaders to the French government around six years ago . A BBC Panorama earlier this year further highlighted the issue . The Swiss branch of HSBC is now facing charges of fraud and money laundering after authorities in Brussels claimed it had ` knowingly eased and promoted fiscal fraud by making offshore companies available to certain privileged clients ' . While some of the cases were settled 50 other French nationals will also face trial . Her name was among thousands of HSBC clients who were discovered to have non-declared bank accounts in Switzerland . Above , an aerial view of the HSBC tower in London . Her lawyers always argued the fault lay with HSBC in Switzerland , with one insisting in defence documents : ` She was in no way informed about how HSBC decided to structure the organisation of the funds she entrusted it with . ' They added that they were considering an appeal against sentence . Ricci was the first of more than 50 high-profile French nationals being pursued in the courts for using Swiss accounts to hide their money . The judgment came after HSBC Holdings was formally placed under criminal investigation for complicity in fiscal fraud and illegal selling via its Swiss arm for two years starting in 2006 . Nina Ricci -- real name Maria Adelaide Nielli -- was an Italian-born clothes designer who settled in France aged 12 in 1895 . She died in 1970 . Her son Robert , Arlette Ricci 's father , developed the company 's perfume sideline and raised the firm 's international profile . Arlette Ricci inherited his fortune on his death in 1988 .