Wojciech Szczesny will start in the FA Cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the Poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as Arsenal 's No 1 . Arsene Wenger confirmed Szczesny will play ahead of David Ospina against Reading at Wembley on Saturday but offered no further guarantees . ` At the moment , I hope yes , ' said Wenger , after a long , uncharacteristic hesitation , when asked if Szczesny had a long-term future at the club . ` It is very difficult to answer that question , you know . What is important is Saturday . Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal for the their FA Cup clash with Reading at Wembley . ` His attitude is very good . He has trained very well , very focused . Your job is to fight for your place , no matter how difficult it is . When you choose this kind of job you know it is down to competition . ' Szczesny is understood to be content with his situation and confident of winning back his place . His Arsenal contract runs until 2018 , but he has made just three appearances -- all in the FA Cup -- since an error-strewn display at Southampton on New Year 's Day . Arsenal have greatly improved since the defeat at St Mary 's when Szczesny mix-ups led to two goals . He then infuriated Wenger after the game by puffing on a cigarette in the showers . The Polish international has lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season . Former Arsenal midfielder John Jensen went on Danish television before the smoking revelations and claimed Szczesny had been fined and would not play for Wenger again . The spin machine at the Emirates set about rubbishing this theory and Jensen 's sources , but so far Jensen has been vindicated . Ospina came in for the next game against Hull in the FA Cup third round and stayed in goal when Arsenal played Stoke in the Premier League a week later . The Colombian then kept his place . ` They know the rules , ' said Wenger . ` They are set at the start of the season . I replaced Wojciech because he had a bad game . I still think he 's a great goalkeeper and want him to have the opportunity to show that . The Colombian has taken his chance with both hands , winning 11 out the 12 games he 's started in goal . ` It is important two goalkeepers get competition and he will get that in the FA Cup now as long as Ospina plays in the Premier League . Barcelona play their No 2 goalkeeper in the Champions League . Why ? Because you need to give them competition . ' Ospina has won 11 of 12 Premier League games since the Szczesny chop , but he could not prevent a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the Champions League tie against Monaco.His unfussy style has solidified a notoriously brittle team . With frailties due to their commitment to attractive football , Arsenal crave reliability from their goalkeeper . Szczesny , for all his bravado and talent , was anything but reliable , with a short attention span and a tendency to become bored and seek involvement even when -LRB- especially when -RRB- his team were in control . Arsene Wenger admits that Szczesny lost his place to his errors but insists he 's working hard in training . Ospina is a soothing influence and Wenger 's belated decision to grasp the nettle has strengthened the team , together with the unexpected advances of Francis Coquelin and Hector Bellerin . Coquelin has added ball-winning bite to midfield and Bellerin , with his exceptional pace , is not in such a hurry as others to abandon his post at right back and rampage forward . Add to this a philosophical tweak -- a will to defend harder and adjust to different opponents , such as the attempt to combat Burnley 's high-intensity pressing game by encouraging Ospina to kick almost every ball , and Arsenal are sturdier . Monaco was an aberration caused by complacency or , more likely , an indicator that there is more to do . Wenger will be aware of this and was reluctant to smother Ospina with the credit for a run of 16 wins in 18 games since Southampton . ` It 's a mixture of things , ' said Wenger . ` We had many players back . Laurent Koscielny , Mesut Ozil and Olivier Giroud came back but they came back into form as well in January . And Coquelin is doing well . ' Francis Coquelin -LRB- centre -RRB- has been one of the success stories of the season and is a key player for Arsenal . It was not overwhelming backing for his No 1 and supports the idea that Wenger will prioritise signing another keeper in the summer when Chelsea 's Petr Cech will be on the market . Like Ospina , Cech is a calming presence and a mature personality . Cech also has experience of winning major trophies . In short , he is precisely the sort of individual Arsenal have lacked in recent years . To invest in Cech would be to lose Ospina . The Colombian was happy to sign as No 2 and challenge Szczesny but that is a different psychological proposition to losing your No 1 status to a big-money signing , despite having performed so well . It is a delicate issue for Wenger , a manager often accused of being too loyal . For Szczesny , there appears no way back . Like Lukasz Fabianski last year , it promises to be the FA Cup and out and proof that Jensen was right all along . A move for Petr Cech has been spoken about but it remains to be seen of Wenger will bring in another keeper .