It 's Hot or Not time again as IAN LADYMAN reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside . HOT . CHRIS SMALLING . Smalling used to be part of the problem at Old Trafford , now the defender 's improvement has been such that he 's at the forefront of Manchester United 's march back to relevance . Next up for Smalling : Lessons in passing . Chris Smalling , in action against Didier Drogba , has been at the forefront of Manchester United 's resurgence . BOB WILLIS . It 's a mystery why the former England fast bowler now spends life on the Sky Sports undercard as he remains one of the sharpest , bravest analysts they have . His comment about giving England 's ` constipated ' batsmen ` some syrup of figs ' in the West Indies was so perfect it could have come from our own David Lloyd . Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood . MARLON SAMUELS . Simple message to all Australian cricketers . Giving a rival a mock salute as he leaves the field is amusing . Telling an opponent you are going to break his arm is not . THE MUNICH MEGAPHONE . Bayern Munich 's Thomas Muller led the post-Porto celebrations at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday , climbing into the crowd with a loudhailer . Do n't try that over here though , the stewards in their lovely yellow jackets would not like it . Thomas Muller leads the celebrations after Bayern Munich smashed six goals past Porto at the Allianz Arena . NOT . CELTIC . The Josh Meekings handball controversy has taken our game to a place it should n't go and Scotland 's biggest club are to blame . In sport , when the final whistle blows the contest is over . Writing pleading letters of complaint is for jilted boyfriends and suburban curtain twitchers . Inverness Caledonian Thistle 's Josh Meekings appeared to handle the ball ... he was charged retrospectively . A SOFT MIDDLE . Steven Gerrard was poor at Wembley last Sunday but as the Liverpool captain tried to stop failure in its tracks against Aston Villa who else in the Liverpool engine room assumed responsibility for leadership ? At Anfield they may miss Gerrard even more than they think . Steven Gerrard turned in a poor display against Aston Villa , but Liverpool will miss him next season . SAM TOMKINS . Much self-congratulation in Super League that the gifted Sam Tomkins is heading back to Wigan from New Zealand Warriors . The fact is , though , that English Rugby League 's most recognisable face has left the tiniest of impressions in the NRL and that can only be disappointing for our sport . Sam Tomkins returns to Wigan from New Zealand Warriors after he signed a four-year deal . ATLETICO MADRID . Theirs is a story touched by romance but the cold truth is that Diego Simeone 's team play football on the very edge of the rules . Arda Turna 's sending-off at Real Madrid on Wednesday may have looked harsh but he simply paid the price for so much of what had gone before . Diego Simeone has been the driving force behind Atletico Madrid 's recent success .