When Fiorentina 's season ends next month , Micah Richards wo n't be jetting off on his summer holidays . For the moment , summer is cancelled for the defender - at least until he knows where he 'll be playing next season . His contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season , when he becomes a free agent . The next few months will be vital in determining whether Richards can resurrect his once burgeoning career . Micah Richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to Italian side Fiorentina . Richards joined the Serie A side after being frozen out at City - and will be on the move again this summer . He knows it , too , choosing to delay any holidays until his next destination is finalised . Likewise , he 's taken the decision to change representation , striking an agreement with Wasserman Media Group - the firm that look after Steven Gerrard . His season-long loan in Florence has n't been a disaster , but you can hardly call it an overwhelming success . Unable to hold down a regular place in Vincenzo Montella 's starting XI this season , Richards has had ample time to reflect on his career so far . Tipped as the future of England 's defence , Richards ' career has been on steady decline . But at the age of 26-year-old , there 's time for Richards to buck that recent trend . Richards celebrates with Yaya Toure and Gael Clichy at his boyhood club , where his contract ends this year . Ricahrds is set on a return to the Premier League , shown here in 2011 skipping past Arsenal 's Gervinho . He 's enjoyed his time in Italy ; he likes the lifestyle . But the defender is almost certain that he wants to return to the Premier League ahead of next season . Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini would sign Richards in a heartbeat . He tried , and failed , to sign him on loan in January . The possibility of a permanent reunion with Mancini , who nurtured Richards ' career at Manchester City , this summer is a real one for the defender . But the drive to prove he can still be a force in England is strong . Richards has unfinished business on these shores . Richards will not be short of suitors . Aston Villa , Southampton , Everton and West Ham are showing an interest . On paper , a move for Richards this summer is a no brainer . A Premier League winner , close to 200 top-flight appearances under his belt , still only 26 and available on a free transfer . The Birmingham-born 26 year old was England 's first choice right-back as a youngster . You do n't get many of those to the pound . The pound , though , is n't something Richards will be too concerned with this summer . Talk to those close to the defender , they 'll tell you he simply wants to get back to playing regular football - not once every two or three weeks . Richards , who is currently nursing a slight ankle injury , wants to be a mainstay at his next club - and that will be the determining factor when he makes his decision . His versatility is also likely to be a major selling point . We know Richards as a right-back - but he 's developed a penchant for playing as a central defender in recent seasons . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is willing to offer the former England man a place at the heart of his defence . And it is at centre-back where Richards sees his long-term career . Sportsmail understands Tim Sherwood would be willing to offer Richards a slot in the heart of his defence next season in an attempt to lure him to Villa Park . But , more than anything else , Richards knows he has to play . Prestige will have nothing to do with his next move . If offered the chance of playing a peripheral role for a high-profile club or a regular position elsewhere , he 'll choose the latter . The sooner he makes his decision , the sooner he can get on with booking his summer holidays .