A man sentenced to death in the killings of a baby and her grandmother said he 's so dissatisfied with his attorneys he 'd rather be executed now than continue seeking a new trial with them . Raghunandan Yandamuri , 29 , who had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder , accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters . He said Monday in Montgomery County Court if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately . Raghunandan Yandamuri , 29 -LRB- left -RRB- , of King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers . Above , Nov 2012 . Yandamuri was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna , 61 -LRB- left -RRB- and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi , 10 months -LRB- right -RRB- . Judge Steven O'Neill called that ` a little dramatic . ' Attorney Henry Hilles said he and colleague Stephen Heckman have spent more time with their client ` than has ever occurred in Montgomery County history . ' ` Mr. Heckman and I met with Mr. Yandamuri at the prison tens and tens and tens of times at his request over the two plus years that we were representing him . It boggles my mind to hear him claim that we have not made ourselves available to him , ' Hilles told the Times Herald . Yandamuri was a technology professional outside of Philadelphia and knew the baby 's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot . The Indian national was given two death sentences in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna . He was expressionless as the verdict against him , which included up to 62 years in prison for kidnapping , burglary , and abuse of a corpse , was read in October . Prosecutors argued Yandamuri hatched the kidnapping plot to pay for a gambling habit . They said he was mired in gambling debts and told police he committed the crime after losing at least $ 15,000 at a casino . He told investigators he panicked after the grandmother , who had opened her family 's apartment door to him , was killed in a struggle over a kitchen knife he had carried . Yandamuri , an Indian national working as a technology professional outside of Philadelphia , acted as his own lawyer during his trial before his post-conviction hearings were taken over by lawyers . Yandamuri told police he accidentally dropped the baby , put a handkerchief over her mouth to quiet her and tied a towel around her head . He said he then left the baby -- with her dark hair , huge dark eyes and white dress -- in a trash-strewn , unused sauna in a basement fitness center and when he returned hours later with milk for her she was unconscious . Prosecutors said that the man kept the baby in a suitcase in the trunk of his car for days and slashed the elder Venna 's throat to the bone . Yandamuri knew the baby 's parents , who also were young Indian tech professionals , from his King of Prussia apartment complex . The defendant had gone to a birthday party for the baby 's mother , had met the visiting grandmother and used family nicknames in a ransom note demanding $ 50,000 , authorities said . ` They both are working , so I thought maybe they have some money , ' Yandamuri told police in a videotaped statement . ` My intention was not to kill anyone or not to harm anyone . I only tried to kidnap the baby . ' At trial , though , Yandamuri argued two other men forced him at gunpoint to help and said he was pressured into confessing . ` Mr. Heckman and I met with Mr. Yandamuri at the prison tens and tens and tens of times at his request over the two plus years that we were representing him , ' attorney Henry Hilles -LRB- pictured -RRB- said . He also said during a post conviction sentencing hearing that he would rather receive the death penalty than sit through the hearings where relatives spoke about the victims , according to the Philadelphia Inquirer . His mother Padmavathi traveled from India took the stand and said that her son had been traumatized since age ten after his father was killed in a terrorist attack . She said that he had previously tried to kill himself by drinking kerosene . Yandamuri has tried to file motions on his own since the beginning of his appeal , but they can not be accepted because he is not representing himself . Hilles and Heckman plan on challenging the death penalty as well as alleged bias during Yandamuri 's trial . All death penalty cases in Pennsylvania are given automatic appeal up to the state supreme court level . Earlier this year Democratic Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf declared a moratorium on the death penalty , citing bias in proceedings , expense and inefficiency in repeated appeals . The state has not executed anyone since 1999 .