A woman has been arrested after she allegedly broke into a home on Martha 's Vineyard , lived inside for at least a week and sold items belonging to the owners in a yard sale . Michelle Filkins , 44 , of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property . She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17 . Michelle Filkins , 44 , of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and the malicious destruction of property after she was arrested on April 17 . Filkins was arrested on April 17 after owner Mark Conklin found her sitting in his summer home . According to the police report , Conklin found Filkins sitting in his living room of the property estimated to be worth $ 800,000 . When he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house . She then fled in a gray Nissan pickup truck when Conklin called the police at about 8 a.m. . When police arrived , they discovered a large glass window to the left side of the front door had been broken and covered by a blanket , reports The Boston Globe . Filkins was arrested several hours later after she attempted to get back into the home thinking that Conklin had left . She is next scheduled to be in court on May 14 . A construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw Filkins outside with items from the home , and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away . According to a post on the department 's Facebook page , items missing include four deck chairs from Crate & Barrel , a Weber grill , two side tables from Ethan Allen , one Ann Chase lamp , two lamps from Crate & Barrel , two framed posters , various pots , pans , and linens , and a painting by the owner . Police are asking anyone who received items from the home to return them to the Edgartown police department . ` If in fact you did purchase something you are a victim as well and EPD will assist you in seeking restitution via the court prosecution of this case , ' the police department said on Facebook . Anyone with information can also contact the police department at 508-627-4343 . Police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them .