The future of AC/DC is again in doubt , after drummer Phil Rudd pleaded guilty in a New Zealand court , to charges of threatening to kill and of possessing drugs . Rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis , which stem from a police raid on his waterfront North Island mansion on November 6 . The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges . But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday , in the Tauranga District Court , his lawyer changed his plea to guilty . Scroll down for video . Veteran AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd arrives at court ahead of changing his plea to guilty on charges of ` threatening to kill ' and drug possession . AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd climbs out of his car as he arrives to face charges at the District Court in Tauranga , New Zealand . The 60-year-old Australian , who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years , hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people . Phil Rudd arrives at court to change his plea to guilty but the maximum sentence for threatening to kill is seven years in jail . The case has been adjourned until June 26 when Rudd 's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction . Phil Rudd , 60 , appears in court on Tuesday on charges of threatening to kill and possession of meth and marijuana at Tauranga District Court . He changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing . One ` threatening to kill ' charge has been dropped and he has been remanded Rudd on bail , with existing conditions , until sentencing on June 26 . Rudd was also initially charged with `` attempting to procure murder '' , but it was dropped after prosecutors decided there was insufficient evidence to proceed . The court had earlier heard that Rudd wanted a former security guard ` taken out ' . The case has left Rudd 's position with the top-selling band in doubt . Drummer Chris Slade replaced him for a performance at the Grammys in Los Angeles . Phil Rudd -LRB- drums -RRB- performing in Germany in 2009 with the Young brothers Malcolm -LRB- left -RRB- and Angus -LRB- front -RRB- . Blast from the past . Phil Rudd with AC/DC in 1979 . Despite the serious charges hanging over his head the 60-year-old says he wants to join the band again on their world tour . Brian Johnson and Angus Young caught in typical pose during AC/DC 's performance on day one of Coachella , as the band gets used to life without Phil Rudd and Malcolm Young . While Slade suggested he would also play in the upcoming `` Rock or Bust '' world tour , Rudd said last year that he wanted to keep his job . A summary of facts released by prosecutors last year alleged that Rudd threatened to kill a man and his daughter in a phone call in September . He also allegedly called a business associate and detailed what he wanted done to the man . The document alleged that when police raided Rudd 's home they found 0.71 grams -LRB- 0.025 ounces -RRB- of methamphetamine and 130 grams -LRB- 4.5 ounces -RRB- of cannabis . Threatening to kill charges carry a maximum jail term of seven years in New Zealand . Australian-born Rudd , has lived in the North Coast seaside town of Tauranga since 1983 . AC/DC will bring their ` Rock or Bust ' world tour home to Australian in November after kicking off proceedings at the Coachella festival in the US and moving onto Europe . The highly anticipated Rock Or Bust tour will head Down Under in November . The group , which began in 1973 , kicked off the gigs at Coachella in California . From there it 's onto Europe where they play Holland , Germany and Austria . The band has not only had to deal with Phil Rudd 's absence but also that of Malcolm Young , replaced by his nephew Stevie , after he retired because of dementia .