Arsene Wenger insists he is n't haunted by his decision to back out of signing Eden Hazard in 2012 -- even if he does accept the Chelsea attacker is getting better every year . It might prove to be a stunning oversight on Wenger 's part , having pulled out of a deal to sign the 24-year-old from Lille . Talks got to such an advanced stage that Hazard 's agent discussed the move with Wenger in the Arsenal manager 's house , but the Frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with Chelsea , who landed this season 's standout player for £ 32million . Eden Hazard joined Chelsea for £ 32million in 2012 , an amount Arsenal could not afford to fork out . Hazard , who has had a standout season for Chelsea , even discussed terms in Arsene Wenger 's house . Belgium star Hazard joined Chelsea in May 2012 after impressing in Ligue 1 for French side Lille . That is looking like a tremendous bargain as Chelsea close in on the title , but Wenger said : ` I have no big regrets because - at the time - there was so much financially , so much money involved we could not afford it . And -LRB- I could -RRB- not defend it , honestly . ` It was linked with all the environment . It was not feasible for us financially . ' Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season after a stunning campaign . Going into Sunday 's clash at Arsenal , he has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in only 43 starts . Wenger believes the gong will be a shootout between Hazard and Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez . He said : ` It 's very close . Let 's not forget that for Eden Hazard it is not the first season but for Alexis Sanchez it is . So he will give him a fight and if Alexis does n't make it this year , he will give him a fight as well for next season . ` I think everybody would agree Hazard had a great season . He has found maturity that he did not have before . I believe his final ball is better , his personality on the pitch is stronger , the finishing aspect of his game is much better than before . ` He can turn games when it 's 0-0 and when it 's tight . That 's always a sign of top quality . ' Wenger insists that his forward Alexis Sanchez -LRB- centre -RRB- will run Hazard close in the Player of the Year vote . Chelsea fans reach out to their star man during last weekend 's win against Manchester United .