A six-year-old boy showed maturity beyond his years when he helped deliver his baby brother at home . Ruben Blundell 's brother was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night . Left with no time to get to the hospital , the family had to deliver the baby at home - and Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe . Ruben Blundell , 6 , helped deliver his little brother Theo , who was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night . Michelle Madden , 30 , of Rhos on Sea , Conwy , Wales , said : ` We had tried to prepare Ruben in the weeks leading up to the birth , in case something unexpected happened . ` We told him it was something natural and not to be scared . ` The original plan had been for my mum to look after Ruben while I went to hospital . But , when Theo decided he was coming quickly , Ruben was brilliant . He ran to get the phone , brought towels - whatever we needed . ` We called the paramedics because I knew that the baby was coming really quickly . Ruben was so mature it was unbelievable . He just kept calm and told me to breathe , while my partner Ben was helping to deliver the baby . ' Left with no time to get to the hospital , Michelle Madden , 30 , went into labour at home - and Ruben assisted his father Ben with helping the birth go as smoothly as possible . Michelle said that Ruben was so mature it was ` unbelievable ' , saying he just kept calm and told her to breathe , while her partner Ben was helping to deliver the baby . Paramedics arrived to assist Michelle with the last part of labour , and the family were soon cuddling baby Theo , who weighed in at a healthy 6 lbs 15oz . Proud Michelle , an NVQ assessor in health and social care for North Wales Training , praised her elder son , a year one pupil . She said : ` After Theo 's birth , we just sat in bed together . Ruben kept saying , `` I ca n't believe he is here '' . ` He does n't even want to play with his toys any more . He loves Theo so much and is not jealous at all . He just wants to help me look after him and feed him . I hope that the bond Ruben has through being at Theo 's birth will stay with them all their lives . ' Proud Michelle , an NVQ assessor in health and social care , praised her elder son , a year one pupil . Ben , a catering manager at the Welsh Government 's Llandudno Junction headquarters , and the whole family are delighted with their new arrival . Michelle added : ` Theo 's fine . He has quite a lot of black hair . We think he has my family 's looks about him at the moment . ' Paramedics arrived to assist Michelle give birth to baby Theo , who weighed in at a healthy 6 lbs 15oz . Ruben , a school pupil , loves Theo so much , he does n't even want to play with his toys anymore and just cuddles his new baby brother .