Andre Ayew is keen on a move to Liverpool this summer . The Ghana international will be a free agent as he is out of contract at Marseille and wants to join the Anfield club who he supported as a boy . Everton , Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest while Ayew 's representatives have held talks with Roma . Wolfsburg , Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him . Ayew , 25 , was born in France but followed his father Abedi Pele by playing for Ghana where he has become one of their star performers notably scoring in the World Cup finals last summer against USA and eventual winners Germany . Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer and is keen on a move to England . The Ghana international admits he supported Liverpool as a boy and would like to play for the Anfield club . Although emotionally attached to Marseille , he admits he is seeking a new challenge and is ready to test himself in the Premier League . Talking to Sportsmail , he said : ` I 'm a Marseille boy , I love Marseille , the club , the fans , the area , it 's a great place to play football and I will continue to speak to them but it 's true I 'd like to play in England . ' Ayew , who is represented in England by agent Mark McKay of ExcelFoot , added : ` I grew up watching English football and I support Liverpool . Steven Gerrard is my favourite player . They have always had exciting teams and now they are a club that likes to play with pace and give chances to young players . Ayew 's favourite player growing up was Steven Gerrard , who will leave Liverpool at the end of the season . A player he knew from their time together at Marseille , Ayew speaks regularly to Joey Barton -LRB- right -RRB- . ` I 'm 25 now and it is a good age for me to take the next step in my career . I have offers from England , Italy and Germany but it would be unfair to say who from . I speak to my friends such as Morgan Amalfitano at West Ham and Joey Barton at QPR and they always talk well about the league and the atmosphere . ` I have been fortunate to experience Stamford Bridge and Old Trafford in the Champions League but I want to play at Anfield and other grounds . ` I know my quality . I have shown I can play at Marseille and I have taken on responsibility with my country . It 's important that you always strive to be better . You see with players such as Eden Hazard how hard they work and I believe in hard work to get better . It 's easy to talk though , what is important is that I do it . ' The Ghana international is also being looked at by Swansea , Newcastle and Everton in the Premier League . Liverpool have already secured the signing of Divock Origi -LRB- left -RRB- , who will move to Anfield in the summer . Ayew 's ideal is to help Marseille win the French league but it will be difficult as they trail leaders Paris Saint-Germain by five points . ` I will fight to the end for Marseille then I will make my decision . It is an important step for me . ' Liverpool already have Divock Origi in the bag and are keen on Burnley 's Danny Ings but will be enthused that a player of Ayew 's pedigree has such desire to play for them . Failure to reach the Champions League could also mean he falls within their budget as a free transfer . Brendan Rodgers wants a goalkeeper , midfielder and a full-back as well as a forward . He likes Memphis Depay at PSV Eindhoven but the Holland international is expected to join Manchester United .