A farmer has been forced out of her home after a neighbour repeatedly exposed himself to her . Mandy Dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by 67-year-old Kenneth Ward , naked apart from socks and boots . The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her . Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . Farmer Mandy Dunford , 54 -LRB- right -RRB- , feels forced to leave her home after neighbour Kenneth Ward , 67 -LRB- left -RRB- , who was jailed for exposing himself to her in 2011 , was released from prison and allowed to return to his home . Police had discovered of a cache of weapons , including machine guns , in his home . A judge at Teesside Crown Court also imposed a Sexual Offences Prevention Order , banning the flasher from being within 200 metres of Miss Dunford . But while the former police officer believed her nine-year ordeal of harassment was over , Ward has now been released -- and has successfully appealed to have the restraining order overturned . It means he will be able to return to his cottage next door to Miss Dunford 's farm in Chop Gate , North Yorkshire . As a result , she said she feels forced to leave . ` I feel yet again that the offender has been given more rights than the victim , ' the farmer said . ` My punishment for his crimes has been far worse than anything he has ever faced -- I 'm losing my home so that he can return to his ... I expected to live here for the rest of my life with my animals around me . ' In a hearing held since Ward 's sentencing , a new boundary was drawn up allowing him to approach Miss Dunford 's farm from all sides . She added : ` It means he can follow me around with only the width of a wire fence between us . ` When I heard the order had been changed ... I was horrified and I knew my only option was to pack up and leave . I will be forced to abandon my home and my life just so that he can return ... I ca n't see the justice in that and I want to know why the rights of a man who tortured me for so long are more important than mine . ' Miss Dunford 's problems with Ward began when she put a gate across a lane shared by their properties . Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 at Teesside Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . However , he has now been released and allowed to return home . She said : ` He first started exposing himself to me around 2002 and would peer in through my windows with his wild staring eyes . ` He 'd run around the house at night shouting and tapping on the windows ... he 'd come right up to me and follow me around wearing nothing but boots and socks . ` Sometimes he 'd climb a ladder and expose himself over the wall of his cottage and once he confronted me on the lane and aimed a rifle at me . I turned and ran and heard five shots go off ... I went to the police to report him but their response was hopeless . ' Ward and his brother also left piles of maggot-infested animal carcasses outside her home . Police finally arrested him after Miss Dunford filmed the harassment and showed them hours of footage .