Sometimes , putting up a billboard just is n't quite enough - so a group of Russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out : on the breasts of a beautiful woman . Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir . Indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers . Cleavage : Burger King has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of thi type of advertising . From the heart of Russia : Two companies now offer to write on a woman 's cleavage and take a snap . Burger King 's Russian branch posted a picture of a woman with ` I love Burger King ' emblazoned across her chest , courtesy of Tittygram , on its VK page , the country 's version of Facebook . The message above reads : ` Do you want your name to be written here ? ` Every week the most active participant will get such a named postcard from us ! ` Not only our whoppers are prepared on fire , everything we have is on fire as well ! ' And it has certainly brought them a fair amount of attention , with hundreds of ` likes ' and countless comments - although they are not all positive . What 's more , as advertising campaigns go , it is incredibly cheap : for as little as $ 6 , or £ 4 , they promise to get your message across in a way which is certain to grab attention . Versatile : The picture can then be used as either a personal message , or advertising , and cost just £ 4 . Eyebrow raising : But the use of a woman 's cleavage as advertising space has not been universally popular . According to the Global Post , Tittygram was set up earlier this year , with Titisign following in its footsteps more recently . Both offer a similar service , asking people to send their messages in , at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo . The English website for Titisign boasts : ` Stave off boredom ! Send your communication on the bosom of Russian beauties -- knock your friends ' socks off , advertise your business and make unforgettable gifts ! ` Say hello from the heart of Russia ! ' Boasts : ` Knock your friends ' socks off , advertise your business and make unforgettable gifts , ' says Titisign . Alexey Gavrilov , co-founder of Titisign , revealed to MailOnline the company gets a range of requests for messages - from ` Farewell , Semyonych . With best wishes for your wedding day ' to ` Do not play with heart - it is one . Play with boobs - there are two of them ' . The women , he reveals , are not all professional models . ` We invite not only professional models who are interested in our project and like our idea , but beautiful girls , ' he explained . ` Some of our models we find in professional community - we have photographers in our team - and some of them we find through social networks , others find us themselves . ' However , as one VK user points out , when advertising ` it is necessary find something that is interesting to everyone ' - and this certainly is not .