Rubbish teams refused to empty a recycling bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid . Binmen said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug . Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top . The binmen in Farnham , Surrey , said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug and not by the owner of the bin -LRB- file image -RRB- . Now enraged residents in Farnham , Surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ` little Hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter . Homeowners have been told to remove any non-recyclable material from the wheelie bin lids . Dozens of people have now taken to social media to complain that their blue wheelie bins have been left full ofwaste by the collection teams which are ` trying to make a point ' over recycling rules . Tracy Porter said on Facebook ` I am so angry about this . ` I live opposite a shop and some kind person , not wanting to litter the area , put their crisp packet in the top of my recycling bin , and for that I have to be penalised . ` They would not empty the bin . It 's not my fault , not even my rubbish . What is the place coming to ? ' Another resident , Peter Smith , said he had been left with a wheelie bin full of rotting waste after the collection team refused to empty it because they saw a piece of cellophane paper . They ruled the cellophane was not recyclable and broke the rules , but Mr Smith said ` Why not take that little bit off and take the rest ? ` They are behaving like little Hitlers . ' Waverley Council defended the binmen , saying they had ` nowhere suitable ' to put non-recyclable items . The council has suggested placing overflowing recyclable waste in cardboard boxes alongside the blue wheelie bins . Enraged residents in Farnham , Surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ` little Hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter . But resident Teresa Johnstone responded ` We live in England - will they bother to pick up rain-sodden boxes which have disintegrated when they ca n't even lift a crisp packet from the bin in the first place ? I very much doubt it . ' A council spokesman said ` To prevent a whole truck of materials ending up in landfill , undoing the good work of a majority of residents who are recycling correctly , the council enforces the non-collection of contaminated recycling bins . ` All collectors working for Waverley 's contractor have stickers to place on bins which detail why it has not been collected and remind residents what should and should not be in the blue bin . ' The online discussion was not completely one-sided , with some residents posting messages of support for the council 's stance and questioning some people 's commitment to recycling . Zoe Tudor said ` I do n't think it 's the recycling collectors ' job to sort through each bin - as if their job is n't hard work enough . '