No matter how young or old we are , most of us experience the odd memory lapse . Perhaps it will be forgetting where you put the car keys , or what you went to get from upstairs . Thankfully , these moments pass . But for those with dementia there is no such relief . Imagine what it 's like being unable to recall what you 'd done an hour before . Or not remembering how to navigate around your own house or the names of your nearest and dearest . Or knowing what everyday things are for , such as a fridge . Today , in the third part of our major Good Health series on dementia , we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these memory problems , to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life as possible . Scroll down for video . Older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much . THINGS THAT SABOTAGE YOUR MEMORY . Getting overtired : If the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia . Recently , scientists have found out why . During deep sleep , brain waves move memories from the hippocampus - the area of the brain that is involved in short-term memory - to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain , where long-term memories are stored . If this does n't happen , short-term memories get overwritten with new ones and the consequence is forgetfulness , according to researchers at the University of California , Berkeley . It is a common misconception that we need less sleep as we get older - in fact we need just as much , the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep . Getting a good night 's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia , especially those with Alzheimer 's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns . Quite why this happens is not understood , but it may be related to the impact the condition has on the brain . But there are steps that can make it easier . One of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day -LRB- this becomes harder to avoid as dementia becomes more advanced -RRB- . Catnapping makes it both harder to fall asleep at night and more likely you 'll wake up earlier than desired . Other steps include avoiding caffeine - coffee or tea - in the evening . A regular bedtime is also important as this gives the body the cues it needs to feel sleepy at set times , making it easier to fall asleep . Although many people believe a nightcap will help them sleep , alcohol is counter-productive and tends to make you wake in the night . It is a diuretic and , therefore , you are likely to wake up needing to go to the loo . It is also known to reduce the amount of the night you spend in deep , restorative sleep . Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus . Eating too much junk food : Cakes , chips and biscuits wo n't just impact on the waistline - they can adversely affect your memory , too . Recent research has found that regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus . Scientists at the University of New South Wales , Australia , found that eating these foods every day caused inflammation in the brain after just one week . The work was done on rats , but it is thought the principle could extend to humans . Smoking : Many studies have found that even occasional smoking can impact on the brain . One study , from King 's College London , analysed 8,000 over-50s and found that smokers performed worst in memory tests , learning ability and reasoning . Why this happens is thought to be linked to the fact that smoking reduces the amount of oxygen that reaches the brain . Those who have smoked have also been shown to have greater overall shrinkage of the brain . Not ` using it ' : When someone is diagnosed with dementia , they often start to withdraw from their normal hobbies and activities . Yet to retain your mental ability and memory skills for as long as possible you need to keep the brain stimulated . Think of it this way : just as our bodies need physical exercise in order to stay as strong as possible so , too , do our brains . It 's a tried-and-tested principle : for example , a review of 15 studies by the respected Cochrane Library looked at the benefits of a variety of activities designed to stimulate the brain and promote memory such as word games , puzzles , listening to music and practical activities such as baking and indoor gardening . The studies involved 718 participants with dementia - some took part in these activities and others did not . After between one and three months those who 'd taken part in the brain stimulating and practical activities did better on cognitive function tests than those who did not . TIPS TO HELP WITH A FAILING MEMORY . A failing short-term memory is a characteristic of dementia and can make it difficult to cope with day-to-day life . The following strategies may help : . One of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day . Have set meal times , as these are easier to remember - and write them down on a whiteboard to help recall what time is meal time . The Mediterranean type of diet may be most beneficial as it 's been shown to maintain the health of the blood vessels , and keeping a healthy circulation is key for people with dementia as it ensures a healthy flow of blood to the brain . Try to include oily fish such as trout , salmon or mackerel three times a week : the latest research suggests this is a good way to stop brain shrinkage . These fish contain omega-3 fatty acids and research has found that people with the highest level of these have less shrinkage in the hippocampus , the area associated with memory . To confirm a diagnosis of dementia or to access specialist services , a GP can refer a patient to a memory clinic . Normally , these are based either at a community clinic or at a hospital . They will have a team of psychologist nurses and doctors . As well as running tests that can help provide a diagnosis , they co-ordinate a range of services to help the dementia patient . For example , all clinics will offer cognitive stimulation therapy . This takes the form of group activities and exercises the patient is invited to attend twice a week for seven weeks . These activities could involve word games or even singing and have been found to help improve language skills and comprehension . Each session lasts for about 45 minutes . You can not simply attend a clinic - you need to be referred . Typically , there is a four-to-six week wait after referral for an appointment . If the patient is too infirm or incapacitated to attend , most clinics can offer a home assessment by one of the community mental health team . Do it in chronological order . Having a history of their life can help them remember and , as the condition progresses this book may also be useful to bring out to show them if they seem distressed . Asking the person with dementia to reminisce and recall stories about the people or events shown in the pictures can also be a good way to ` use it ' . Dr Souter is a retired GP and fellow of the Royal College of General Practitioners . Adapted by LUCY ELKINS from Your Guide To Understanding And Dealing with Dementia by Dr Keith Souter , published by Summersdale , £ 8.99 . Order at www.mailbookshop.co.uk , or call 0808 2720808 or p & p is free for a limited time only .