Getting thousands of dollars more when you sell your house could be as simple as changing the door-knobs or sprucing up the curtains . Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers - and they need not cost thousands . ` Spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on the value of your home , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Get into the garden : Tidying the edges , mowing the lawn and trimming the trees will improve the presentation of your home . This beautiful garden at 115 Jersey Road in Woollahra immediately catches the eye . The house on the market and last sold four years ago for $ 5.5 m . Putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out , just like this home for sale in Sandy Bay in Tasmania . It 's expected to fetch upwards of $ 2.5 m . Artwork like these paintings at 1 Madeline Street in Hunters Hill and photo collages , along with new curtains , can add plenty to your home 's appearance . It went for $ 4.5 m in 2013 and is on the market . This property at 5 Closeburn Avenue in Prahran stands out with its bright lights . New light fittings and a fresh coat of paint are winners , according to money expert Michelle Hutchison . Michelle Hutchison -LRB- right -RRB- is a money expert from Finder.com.au who insists that de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on The Block -LRB- left -RRB- will add cash to your sale . In most parts , the Australian property market remains at record high levels , and the experts say you can profit even more handsomely from a bit of elbow-grease . Ms Hutchison said going to the local hardware store and buying a few tins of paint can make a world of difference in just a few hours . Change the door handles . Paint the walls . Give kitchen cupboards new colour . Clean out the wardrobes . De-clutter the garage . Put in new carpet . Fix up the garden . Put in new curtains . Change the light fittings . Put up photo collages and paintings . ` Presenting your home with a fresh coat of paint , new carpet or even a good tidy can potentially add many thousands of dollars to your home 's value , ' she said . ` Get tidy and organised , and fix those things that have been broken forever . ` Get your kids involved to occupy them as well as save money by doing it yourself . ` It might be cheaper than going away for the weekend and the best part is that any improvements will almost guarantee you 'll add significant value to your home . ' Changing the door handles is her first tip . ` Replacing tired , grubby and dated door handles to shiny , matching new ones throughout your home can transform your doors and hallways , ' Ms Hutchison said . ` New kitchen cupboard door handles can also give your kitchen a whole new fresh look . ` For as little as $ 5 and no more than $ 20 each from your local hardware store , they are inexpensive and an easy do-it-yourself project . ' She said that a coat of paint is underestimated as a sell point but the fresh , brighter appearance of a house is very important ahead of a sale . ` Painting a light , fresh neutral colour on your walls can make your whole home much cleaner and brand new . ` If you have wooden kitchen cupboard doors you could also paint them which would give your kitchen a face lift . ` And do n't forget to spring clean your cupboards and any areas that are cluttered such as a garage or study . ' The doors and handles stand out in this part of 11A Molesworth Street , North Adelaide . Getting rid of marks on doors and frames and even changing door-knobs are encouraged by real estate assessors . A beautiful garden is a must like this which adorns this Woollahra property at 115 Jersey Road . Michelle Hutchison tells vendors to de-clutter clothes storage areas , lay new carpet and put images on the wall like you see at 1 Madeline Street , Hunters HIll . ` Tidying up and organising your storage spaces will always add value to any home , sell old clothes and shoes ' she told DMA to make look wardrobes look as good as those on The Block . Finder 's real estate assessors say buyers are increasingly on the lookout for places which have great storage space and that 's an easy fix , even for the most cluttered of homes . ` Tidying up and organising your storage spaces will always add value to any home , ' she insisted . ` Sell old clothes and shoes on sites like eBay or Gumtree or have a garage sale and you could make some money to go towards other fixes around your home . ` This gives the impression of having a bigger property , with families looking for as much storage space as possible . ' First appearances are everything in real estate and the garden must be tended to . Interesting artwork and photo collages give homes real character . This 8 Cintra Avenue , St Kilda home has gained plenty of attention ahead of auction . New light fittings and carpet make a big difference and are among the ten top tips to add great value to your sale . This room has all those qualities in the 115 Jersey Road , Woollahra home . Lights , camera , action . Fittings and artwork adorn 27 Oban Street at South Yarra . Create wardrobe and storage space like they do on The Block and it will pay dividends say money experts . ` Spending some time in the garden can do wonders to the appeal of your home , ' Ms Hutchison revealed . ` The best part is that it does n't have to cost anything . ` Pruning plants and weeding and make a home look a million dollars . ` Some councils even provide free mulch which you can spread on your garden beds . ' Once you 're done on the outside , returning to the interior will serve you well . ` You can update any room with new curtains and best of all you do n't have to spend thousands of dollars , ' she said . ` Retailers like Kmart and Target sell ready-made curtains that even have block-out backing . ` Make sure you measure your window to ensure the curtain will cover it before buying . ` And change light fittings , just another small cost that can make a big difference to any room . ` Most lighting shops will have stock ready to go so there 's no time wasted to order the fittings . ' Her last tip is to be inventive about what you place on those newly painted walls , suggesting photo collages are a sure-fire winner . ` This is a great idea to add a personal touch to an empty hallway or blank walls , ' Ms Hutchison said . ` The idea is to buy different coloured or sized photo frames and arrange them in an asymmetrical pattern . '