Peter Moores found himself in the familiar position of defending his captain on Saturday with Alastair Cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series to stop the mood for change in English cricket claiming him as its next victim . England 's failure to win the first Test and Cook 's failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight . Yet Moores , under pressure himself after the sacking of Paul Downton as managing director , remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada , starting on Tuesday , and in Barbados . Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain with Alastair Cook badly needing runs and wins . England 's failure to win the first Test and Cook 's failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight . ` I 've known lots of people in sport and , in terms of character , Cook is one of the strongest , ' said Moores . ` Even though he did n't get a score here you could see he 's found some form , with the way he 's hitting the ball and moving . ` It was frustrating , but he 's a very good player and it 's almost been forgotten how strongly he finished the Test summer against India . ' Perhaps a bigger concern for England will be the form of Jonathan Trott , who looked both frenetic and unconvincing on his return to the side 18 months after leaving the Ashes tour . ` Trott has earned the right to get a go , ' said Moores when explaining why he was preferred to Adam Lyth . ` He went back to Warwickshire , scored runs and then captained and played well on the Lions tour of South Africa . Cook stands alongside Denesh Ramdin at the end of match ceremonies during day five of the 1st Test match . ` We can see he 's really hungry to do well again and is playing well but he 's been done by the swinging ball . ` It was his first Test for a long time and that was always going to be tough but this is a player who has played some brilliant innings for England and he 's got a good chance now to show that he 's still got that ability . ' Moeen Ali will join the side in Grenada and is expected to play in the second Test , especially as James Tredwell damaged his shoulder diving to attempt to take a catch here on Friday . Cook , Chris Jordan and Jos Buttler show their frustration as a chance is missed and game heads to a draw . England have also decided to keep Adil Rashid with them at least for the next week even though Yorkshire wanted him to return to them . Four of the six Yorkshire players in this England squad missed out on selection for the first Test while the county champions have been further weakened by an injury to Ryan Sidebottom . ` We 've a 17-man squad now which is a bit top heavy but we do n't know yet where Moeen is at , ' said Moores . ` At the end of the next Test we will see where we are and if it feels relevant to let someone move on we will do that . Kemar Roach edges past Alastair Cook at first slip off the bowling of James Anderson . ` I have sympathy with Yorkshire but I know Adil is desperate to stay here and work on his game . He has worked really hard to get into this environment and he 's learning a lot and working very hard to get a go in this series . ' The pressure was increased on Moores , Cook and England by new ECB chairman Colin Graves ' description of West Indies as ` mediocre ' before this series and his promise of an inquiry if they are not defeated . However , the coach insisted : ` We have only one focus and that is to win this series . We 've drawn the first Test after dominating so now it is a two-match series and we have to ignore everything on the outside . '