Internationally renowned design duo Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston - aka Bec and Bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday . Following a preview lunch on Sunday , attendees at the Carriageworks in Sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits . Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection . Scroll down for video . Jungle fever : A model wears a leopard-print bikini with Gladiator sandals at Bec and Bridge show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Gold glamazons : The Bec and Bridge models debuted metallic swimwear and bronzed glows at SS16 showing . Peekaboo : The new swimwear line features plenty of cut-out styles . Hippy highlight : Model wears boho beaded crop top , flowing red maxi skirt and gold cuffs and earrings . Dazzling the fashion crowd with a catwalk show only they could do best , Bec and Bridge 's SS16 collection was filled with glitzy boho glamour - models adorned gold jewellery , flowing dresses and skirts in dark jewel tones including ruby , burnt orange , navy and silver swept the runway floor . The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech . It features both resort wear and sophisticated styles for glamazons with long , flowing maxi skirts and dresses and short midi dresses both structured and unstructured styles with feminine frills thrown in . Tinsel-town : Jewel-toned metallic fringe dresses and tin foil metallic dresses both featured in the show . It 's a wrap : Model wears burnt orange silk wrap top and matching skinny leg jeans . Marrakesh models : Models wore dark orange , arm cuffs and leather laced heels in a nod to 1970s Marrakesh . Fishnets and foil : Models wear metallic foil pieces and fishnet overswim . In what appears to be a nostalgic throwback to The Wizard of Oz , a silver metallic ` tin-man ' also captured eyes on the runway with a two-piece silver pant suit making an appearance - adding an androgynous look and setting the tone for futuristic metallics debuting in swim . A highlight of the collection was the aforementioned metallic swim-wear , the one and two piece range stealing the show low-cut sport luxe waist bands and models adorning gold arm cuffs and oversized earrings . Over-swim layers were also paired alongside the bikinis with models wearing either edgy black fishnet dresses or exotic printed kimonos . Designer du jour : Bridget Yorsten -LRB- left -RRB- and Becky Cooper 's -LRB- right -RRB- show has been highly anticipated . Bec and Bridge take a bow : The design duo take to runway in navy gowns at the conclusion of their SS16 show . The collection was completed with leather laced open-toe heels adding a warrior edge to the Amazonian goddess look as well as bronzed skin courtesy of St Tropez . Those who attended the show also seen to match the iconic look of the label , with model Jecinta Campbell wearing burgundy two-piece wrap top and skirt with leather laced heels and Rebecca Judd wearing a black studded dress with suede laced heels . Fashion police : Terry Biviano -LRB- left -RRB- , Rebecca Judd -LRB- centre-left -RRB- , Carissa Walford -LRB- centre-right -RRB- and Jesinta Campbell -LRB- right -RRB- rule the row . Match the models : Jecinta Campbell -LRB- left -RRB- and Rebecca Judd -LRB- right -RRB- wore leather shoes similar to the models .