A nurse has been suspended after she removed the alarm buzzer from a brain-damaged patient and told a disciplinary hearing she ` was n't interested ' in the case . Vanessa Kennard was suspended in her absence by the Nursing and Midwifery Council after failing to turn up at the hearing . She was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke , 45 , at a rehabilitation unit at Sevenoaks Hospital in Kent . The father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012 , which left him paralysed on his life side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate . Grant Clarke , 45 , suffered a brain haemorrhage in May 2012 . It left him paralysed on his left side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate . Vanessa Kennard , one of the nurses caring for Mr Clarke at the West Kent Neuro-rehabilitation unit at Sevenoaks Hospital , has been suspended from her role for six months after being charged with misconduct . His family became concerned when they visited him at the West Kent Neuro-rehabilitation unit and discovered he smelled of urine and was becoming more and more depressed . His partner Binny Moore planted a secret camera in an iPod docking station . The footage captured revealed the shocking extent of neglect Mr Clarke was subjected to . It showed him looking on helplessly as one nurse dug into his feeding tubes with a biro pen , while another clip showed Ms Kennard pulling a help buzzer from his hands . Mr Clarke , a former IT company director , was also subjected to ` appalling ' treatment and left in urine-soaked sheets , covered in faeces . Staff at the rehabilitation unit were also shown giving Mr Clarke drinks , despite him being strictly nil by mouth . When Ms Moore attempted to speak to a nurse about her partner 's ` unacceptable care ' she was allegedly told , ` point taken , but do bear in mind that we have eight other patients ' . Mr Clarke , from West Kingsdown , was only moved to another unit after his family showed the footage to police , and he was removed from the unit under a court order . As a result of the filming , Ms Kennard , and her fellow nurses Marie Banwell and Sarah Corter , were all charged with misconduct . Ms Kennard faced 10 counts , including the removal of Mr Clarke 's help buzzer , and telling Ms Moore her partner was too ` buzzer happy ' . Concerned that Mr Clarke was being mistreated , his partner Binny Moore and family planted a secret camera in his room . It captured footage of Ms Kennard and colleagues failing to provide the accepted standard of care for Mr Clarke . One nurse was filmed cleaning his feeding tube with a pen , pictured . Ms Moore , pictured left , complained to the Kent and Medway NHS and Social Care Partnership Trust 26 times - 22 of those complaints were upheld . But the Nursing and Midwifery Council tribunal hearing in London was told Ms Kennard was not interested in the case , and ` does n't care what happens ' . The panel imposed an interim six-month suspension order in her absence . Deputy ward manager Ms Banwell admitted 13 charges but denies nine others - including one of cleaning the patient 's feed tube with a biro pen . Ms Coulter , a ward manager , has admitted 13 charges and denies four others . The two-week fitness to practise hearing has concluded and the panel is still considering the cases against Ms Coulter and Ms Banwell . Mr Clarke 's family complained to the trust 26 times - 22 of which were upheld . Kent and Medway NHS and Social Care Partnership Trust said it was ` appalled ' by what happened and suspended the nurses immediately in November 2012 . The hearing will resume in July .