Beer is booming at discount supermarket chain Aldi which increased its share of the premium ale market by a third stealing customers away from troubled giant Tesco . Tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market , which research by Kantar shows has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth £ 490million . The leader has improved its market share in the increasingly fashionable premium ale market , but it 's believed Aldi is luring customers away from Tesco , offering a smaller range but cheaper prices . Another chapter : Fluctuations in the premium ale market are just a small part of the shopping revolution which has seen shoppers flock away from giants like Tesco and towards the growing discounters . To use an example of the difference in price , Aldi sells bottles of Newcastle brown ale for £ 1.24 . They costs £ 1.64 at Tesco and Waitrose and £ 1.65 at Morrisons . The discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over the last years which shows drinkers with all tastes are now flocking to Aldi to buy their booze . It 's another chapter in the rise of discounters who are slowly stealing market share from the big three , Tesco , Sainsbury 's and Asda . Other research , also by Kantar , showed that Aldi overtook Waitrose as Britain 's sixth biggest supermarket with its performance in the first three months of 2015 , increasing share of the whole supermarket industry from 4.6 top 5.3 per cent in a year . The top four supermarkets , Tesco , Asda , Sainsbury 's and Morrisons have all lost market share in the first three months of 2015 . Aldi , Waitrose and Lidl managed to increase thiers , with Aldi showing the biggest rise . Tesco has had a troublesome year , with its year-on-year share price down 18 per cent . Last year , they discovered a £ 263million gap in their accounts which involved rebates to suppliers and is being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office . Shortly afterwards they sacked boss Phil Clarke who was replaced by Unilever executive Dave Lewis , who announced a series of money-saving measures to try and turn the tide . . The research into the premium ale market does n't tell a very consistent story , with all but two of the big supermarkets managing to increase their market share . Sainsbury 's currently has the second largest share in the beer market which it has improved by 7 per cent while Asda , third , increased by 1.5 per cent . Upmarket Waitrose , which also saw a double-digit increase in the premium ale market , now has a 5.1 per cent share of the entire supermaket industry . But while Aldi made great gains , Lidl , the other rising discounter to have improved its share in the supermarket industry , saw a 7.9 per cent fall in its proportion of the premium beer market . Morrisons ' share dipped 1.4 per cent . In January Tesco published the location of 43 loss-making stores that will close , and shelved plans to open a further 49 stores . City bosses expect them to announce huge losses in profit next week . It 's been a totally different story for Aldi , which offers cheap prices and a smaller range that have helped them compete with the big boys . Aldi -- motto Spend a little . Live a lot -- stocks virtually all own-branded goods and and they 're market share has grown by 0.7 per cent this year . It plans to open 60 new stores in 2015 , more than than Sainsbury 's and Tesco put together . Between January and the end of March , Aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from the same time a year earlier . The total market share of the ` big four ' fell below 73 per cent , the lowest for a decade . Kantar Worldpanel said Aldi had recorded double-digit growth for the past four years . More than half a million new shoppers visited the store in the three months to March 29 , compared to a year before . Lidl also saw sales jump by almost 12 per cent over the period to secure a 3.7 per cent market share . This is some way off Tesco 's dominant 28.4 per cent share , followed by Asda at 17.1 per cent .