Lib Dem campaigner Michelle Gent used her party 's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business . A Liberal Democrat campaigner has been exposed as a dominatrix who used the party 's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business . Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online . The former Lib Dem councillor , 50 , used the party 's offices in Ashfield , Nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films . Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood . A source told Matthew Drake , for the Sunday Mirror , that actors at auditions for one of Ms Gent 's films , The Exorcist Chronicles , were told to ` prepare for anything ' . The source , who walked out of an audition , said : ` They were pushing people to be more and more extreme . Michelle acted like an X Factor judge . ` There were girls flashing , pretending to play with themselves , screaming , faking orgasms and kissing each other in the hope they would be picked for the lead role . ' Ms Gent , a grandmother-of-one , explained the plot of the film during an interview for a bizarre movie reviews website . She said : ` The movie is about a spate of demonic possessions . The Vatican are getting worried about the frightening increase in occurrences of the possessions and need to do something about it . They send out an unusual team -- a Priest , Father Jan , and a Scientist , Daryl Lux . ` It 's a movie that has many levels of perception . If you want to look deeper into the meanings , then it 's certainly possible . Try it , have fun with it . It may take a few viewings to see everything , but I find that kind of thing fascinating . It 's been very cleverly done I think . ' Ms Gent 's other films include Dead Walkers : Rise of the 4th Reich and Awesome Killer Auditions . Michelle Gent -LRB- pictured left in a poster for one of her films -RRB- directed and starred in violent films , some of which showed women bound with leather straps . The former councillor used the party 's headquarters -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Ashfield , Nottingham , for auditions for The Exorcist Chronicles . The offices have since been sold . Sordid : The violent films -LRB- poster pictured -RRB- , which are sold online , feature whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women . Ms Gent was a county councillor in Nottinghamshire from 2009 to 2013 before losing her seat , . She used the party 's offices in Ashfield for her film business in 2012 - the same offices which have been visited by former Liberal Democrat party president Tim Farron . The headquarters were owned by Councillor Rachel Madden , who is believed to have recently sold them for £ 80,000 . A Lib Dem spokesman said : ` Neither Rachel Madden or the Ashfield Liberal Democrat Party was aware that the space used there by Michelle Gent on May 20 , 2012 was being used for purposes related to the films . ' The spokesman accepted that auditions for The Exorcist Chronicles were held there , but said Ms Gent 's movies were ` commercially available horror ' films , rather than bondage or porn . MailOnline has contacted Ms Gent for comment .