Lionel Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have , but when the going gets tough , Barcelona turn to Jeremy Mathieu and Gerard Pique . The French centre-back flung himself through the air to reach Xavi 's free kick at the back post , heading home from close range , finally breaching Celta Vigo 's stern defence . It was Mathieu who had opened the scoring in the El Clasico , in similar fashion . Pique , meanwhile , just a minute before Mathieu scored , had made an incredible , game-saving tackle on Celta striker Charles , to prevent him from opening the scoring . Jeremy Mathieu -LRB- right -RRB- heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo . Celta Vigo goalkeeper Alvarez Conde -LRB- right -RRB- is unable to stop the powerful header from Mathieu . Celta Vigo : Alvarez Conde , Mallo Novegil , Cabral , Fontas , Castro Otto , Hernandez , Fernandez , Krohn-Dehli -LRB- Radoja - 67 ' -RRB- , Orellana , Larrivey -LRB- Dias de Oliveira 71 ' -RRB- , Agudo Duran . Booked : Krohn-Dehli , Duran . Sent off : Orellana . Subs not used : Mina Lorenzo , Lopez Sanchez , Blanco , Bongonda , Gomez Sola . Barcelona : Bravo , Dani Alves , Pique , Mathieu , Adriano , Rafinha -LRB- Xavi 58 ' -RRB- , Busquets , Iniesta -LRB- Pedro 75 ' -RRB- , Messi , Suarez -LRB- Rakitic 85 ' -RRB- , Neymar . Subs not used : Ter Stegen , Montoya , Bartra , Sergi . Goals : Mathieu 73 ' Booked : Suarez . Ref : Inaki Vicandi Garrido . Att : 23,731 . This gritty , barely-deserved triumph helped Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga , after Ancelotti 's side 's almost-harrowing 9-1 demolition of Granada . Celta Vigo 's aggressive pressing nearly paid dividends , but their hard-work and effort counted for nothing thanks to Mathieu 's goal . Their frustration manifested itself in a bizarre way , with Fabian Orellana sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets . For some reason Sergio Alvarez , Celta Vigo 's goalkeeper , is kryptonite for Barcelona 's attacking trident , as they also failed to beat him in 90 minutes at the Camp Nou earlier this season . After Barcelona 's Halloween nightmare against Celta Vigo , the directive from Luis Enrique here was not to leave with egg on their faces on Easter Sunday . Barcelona 's own website stated that ` a dose of retribution ' was in order , after the 1-0 defeat by Eduardo Berizzo 's side in late autumn . Before the game Spanish media wondered if the international break had happened at just the wrong time for Barcelona and just the right time for Real Madrid -- something reflected in Madrid 's big win at lunchtime . The Frenchman wheels away in celebration of his second half header at the Balaidos Stadium . Gerard Pique -LRB- right -RRB- and Sergio Busquets join the French defender in celebration of his goal . With Los Blancos in disarray , a couple of weeks spent healing wounds away from the Santiago Bernabeu seemed an agreeable plan , while Barcelona 's momentum was disrupted . Jordi Alba was injured playing for Spain , so Adriano Correia started in his stead . Messi , meanwhile , was dragged round the United States with Argentina , sidelined because of an inflamed foot which left him unable to put his boots on . He managed to do that here , but his presence was barely noticed on the pitch . With rival Cristiano Ronaldo scoring an incredible five goals earlier , Messi was left frustrated in his quest for the golden boot , with the Madrid man four strikes ahead of him on 36 . Luis Enrique has n't shown himself to be the sentimental type , but the former Celta Vigo manager gave Rafinha Alcantara a rare start against the team which he played for , both before moving to Barcelona at 13 , and last season on loan . However , the midfielder failed to impress and made way for the legendary Xavi early in the second half . Mathieu -LRB- left -RRB- is congratulated by team-mates Lionel Messi and Neymar -LRB- right -RRB- after his goal . Javier Mascherano was suspended for accumulating too many yellow cards , as is his wont , but luckily for Barcelona Busquets was fit enough to start for the first time in over a month . Alvarez turned in the display of his life at the Camp Nou and Barcelona 's attacking trident must have worried it was going to happen again , when he made a brilliant diving stop to deny Lionel Messi . Profligacy was an issue in that 1-0 defeat too , which we were reminded of when Neymar slashed the rebound high and wide . Los Celestes had made the early running themselves and Chilean goalkeeper Claudio Bravo , who boasts the best defensive record in La Liga , was down quickly to deny Joaquin Larrivey at his near post . It was Larrivey that put the first goal of the season past Bravo at the Camp Nou and he was determined not to let the Celta forward in again . With Messi quiet , it was down to the other two prongs of Barcelona 's trident to try and make inroads . Neither were successful . Fabian Orellana was shown a red card for throwing a chunk of grass in the direction of Sergio Busquets . The lump of turf strikes Busquets in the neck after tempers reached boiling point . Neymar antagonised the Celta Vigo fans as he drew several fouls , but the Barcelona ones too with his incredible wastefulness . To watch him in recent weeks is to see a different player to the one that dismantled La Liga defences earlier in the season . His first touch was frequently poor , his passes off-target . Suarez , meanwhile , went down in the box looking for a penalty under an arm from Gustavo Cabral , but far too little contact to actually tumble . He was then booked on the stroke of half-time for a dive , although this time he has been charged into . The one opportunity Suarez got he hit hard and true , stinging the palms of Alvarez . But Celta Vigo were on top and Nolito was getting the better of Dani Alves time and time again . Maybe the Brazilian 's mind is elsewhere , with his contract expiring in the summer , but physically he seems less capable too . Orellana -LRB- right -RRB- leaves the field after referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido brandishes a red card . The Barcelona players surround referee following a controversial decision . One horrendous defensive mix-up left Nolito charging for the ball with Bravo . The keeper got his foot to it before colliding with the Celta Vigo man , but the fans screamed for a penalty , unsuccessfully . The offside flag being raised against Orellana led to a Celta goal being ruled out , but the best chance fell to Larrivey before the interval . Orellana cut the ball neatly across the box but the striker , unmarked , nine yards out , lacked composure , hacking at it and sending it into the Vigo night sky . Barcelona continued to struggle , with Neymar 's goal harshly ruled out for offside and a shanked Alves shot the only efforts to their credit . Messi and Neymar react after another missed opportunity during a frustrating evening for the duo . Then came Pique 's tackle on Charles , with the defender making a super-human effort to get back and deny the striker . Celta Vigo were almost instantly punished for it , with Mathieu breaking the deadlock . Barcelona could n't kill the game , even after Orellana 's late sending off , with Messi scooping the ball over Alvarez but inches over the crossbar too . It did n't matter ; they held on to earn the three points and maintain the four-point lead over Real Madrid that they started the week with . And one game less for each side to play . It 's not pretty , it 's not ` the Barca way ' , but if Enrique lifts La Liga , nobody will be worrying about that . Neymar -LRB- right -RRB- fights for the ball against Celtais Andreu Fontas during the La Liga clash .