South Korea Ambassador Lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last month 's knife attack . Mark Lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month . The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . Scroll down for video . South Korea Ambassador Lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand -LRB- pictured -RRB- while he recovers from last month 's knife attack . Mark Lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month . Pictured : Lippert pictured with the brace with his wife and young baby . The brace was created by Seoul 's Severance Hospital and Lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it . ` It is an amazing apparatus , one I have n't seen before - so innovative and creative , ' he wrote on Facebook . ` It is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as I am able to hold things in my hand . ` It is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as I am able to hold things in my hand . He added : ` This is of particular importance when I am walking Grigsby , as I often need two hands to manage -LSB- his dog -RSB- Grigsby , ' he said . Lippert has posted several photos on Facebook of him using the device in South Korea . He added : ` This is of particular importance when I am walking Grigsby , as I often need two hands to manage -LSB- his dog -RSB- Grigsby ! ' Last week South Korean prosecutors formally charged the man who injured Lippert with attempted murder on Wednesday - despite his denials of any intention to kill . Last week South Korean prosecutors formally charged Kim Ki-Jong with attempted murder . The prosecutors ' office in Seoul said Kim , was charged with attempted murder , violence against a foreign envoy and obstruction of duty . Kim , 55 , was a known maverick activist who had been handed a two-year suspended sentence in 2010 for hurling a rock at the then Japanese ambassador to Seoul . He has denied any intention to kill Lippert , but the prosecutors office said in a statement that the crime was clearly deliberate . ` There was an intention to murder because -LRB- Kim -RRB- used a lethal weapon in a pre-meditated crime to attack the ambassador 's face and neck repeatedly , ' it said . Kim has told investigators the ambassador was the ` symbolic ' target of his opposition to annual US-South Korea joint military exercises , which he blames for blocking dialogue with North Korea . The annual drills have long been condemned by Pyongyang as rehearsals for invasion . Kim insisted he had acted alone and not on the orders of Pyongyang , but prosecutors said they were looking into whether he has violated the South 's strict National Security Law banning any act seen as aiding North Korea or promoting its ideology . Investigators have ransacked Kim 's home as part of an investigation into Kim 's possible links with North Korea . Kim had visited the North seven times and once tried to erect a memorial in Seoul to the late North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il after his death in 2011 . North Korea has rejected accusations that it may have been behind the attack as a ` vicious ' smear campaign by Seoul . U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert leaves after he was slashed in the face by an assailant at a public forum in central Seoul on March 5 .