Cole Skuse 's first Ipswich Town goal , in their win against Cardiff City which kept them in the final playoff spot , was a long time coming but boy was it worth the wait . After 21 months and 82 appearances since he signed from Bristol City in July 2013 , Skuse opened his account with a 30-yard effort which could barely have been struck sweeter . The score was already 1-1 when , in the 29th minute , Cardiff defender Bruno Ecuele Manga stretched to clear on the edge of the box and the ball bounced to Skuse , who hit it first time then watched it fly in off the right post . Cole Skuse -LRB- centre -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mate after making it 2-1 to Ipswich in the first half . Freddie Sears -LRB- left -RRB- opens the scoring for Ipswich as Cardiff defender Bruno Ecuele Manga tries to stop him . Sears celebrates his goal with his team-mate Christophe Berra . Daryl Murphy -LRB- centre -RRB- wraps up the win for Ipswich with a third goal in the 90th minute . IPSWICH -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Bialkowski ; Chambers , Smith , Berra , Mings ; Parr -LRB- Anderson 74 -RRB- , Bishop -LRB- Fryers 87 -RRB- , Skuse , Hunt -LRB- Tabb 58 -RRB- ; Sears , Murphy . Subs not used : Gerken , Chaplow , Wood , Williams . Goals : Sears 8 , Skuse 29 , Murphy 90 . Manager : Mick McCarthy . Booked : Skuse , Berra , Mings . CARDIFF -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Marshall ; Peltier , Manga , Morrison , Malone ; Fabio -LRB- Noone 64 -RRB- , Whittingham , Gunnarsson , Ralls -LRB- Pilkington 74 -RRB- ; Doyle -LRB- Harris 85 -RRB- , Mason . Subs not used : Moore , Adeyemi , O'Keefe , Kennedy . Goal : Doyle 13 . Manager : Russell Slade . Booked : Fabio , Malone . Referee : Gavin Ward . Stadium : Portman Road . Attendance : 17,722 . ` I do n't think anyone has seen a better strike than that , ' manager Mick McCarthy declared . ` It was so emphatic it got the crowd up and us up . We needed it , when they scored they had a good period and it changed the dynamic . ' It was a torrid night for Ecuele Manga who was all too easily shrugged away from the ball when Ipswich striker Freddie Sears ran on to a long pass from Christophe Berra , took a touch and then finished low under goalkeeper David Marshall to open the scoring after eight minutes . But five minutes later Cardiff levelled . Scott Malone wonderfully arced a cross from the left which was headed in by Eoin Doyle . Cardiff manager Russell Slade said : ` We had flagged up certain things before the match , we had to be aware of the long ball to Sears and we also flagged up stopping Skuse . That was disappointing . ' Ipswich restored their lead with Skuse 's strike but Fabio Da Silva , formerly of Manchester United , missed a simple chance to level for Cardiff when he shot wide from three yards . Marshall tipped Daryl Murphy 's powerful header over on 49 minutes and denied Tommy Smith in the 76th before Berra sent the rebound on to the bar . In stoppage time , however , Ipswich finally added a third . Skuse had a chance to shoot from distance and the Portman Road crowd were urging him on , but the midfielder passed to Murphy instead and the striker slotted in . Referee Gavin Ward has to separates Ipswich 's Tyrone Mings and Cardiff 's Fabio after they clash . Cardiff 's Scott Malone looks dejected at full-time as defeat leaves Russel Slade 's side way down the .