Despite only occupying 1 per cent of the Earth 's land mass , Indonesia 's rainforests are home to 12 per cent of mammal species in the world including the Sumatran rhino and the Talaud fruit bat . The region tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals , according to maps based on data from the World Bank . And Madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals , while Mexico sits in third with 101 . The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals . The firm used the World Bank 's World Development Indicator for Deforestation and biodiversity figures . The maps were designed by London-based The Eco Experts using the World Bank 's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk , including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers and rhinos . 1 . Indonesia - 184 . 2 . Madagascar - 114 . 3 . Mexico - 101 . 4 . India - 94 . 5 . Brazil - 82 . 6 . China - 73 . 7 . Malaysia - 70 . 8 . Thailand - 55 . 9 . Australia - 55 . 10 . Peru - 54 . In Madagascar , lemurs are one of the most at risk species , as are shrew tenrecs . There are 105 recognised species of lemur , of which 24 are critically endangered , 49 are endangered , 20 are vulnerable and three are near-threatened . In Mexico , the loss of habitat as a result of agriculture and fishing has already driven many species close to extinction . For example , vaquita is the world 's rarest marine mammal . The small porpoise was n't discovered until 1958 but there are now said to be fewer than 100 in the wild . In Brazil there are 82 endangered mammals . Experts from Lancaster University recently surveyed households in the cities of Borba and Novo Aripuanã to find out which animals they hunt and eat from the rainforest . The UK has five endangered mammals , but these are almost exclusively marine mammals such as seals and whales that have come under threat from over fishing , including the blue whale , the fin whale , the sei whale and the North Atlantic right whale . Despite only occupying 1 % of the Earth 's land mass , Indonesia 's rainforests are home to 12 % of mammal species in the world . These include the Sumatran Rhinoceros , the Talaud Fruit Bat and the Sea Otter . Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers -LRB- pictured -RRB- and rhinos . They found that virtually all of the 153 households - 99 per cent - eat fish found in the jungle at least once a month , while 79 per cent eat bushmeat made up of both mammals and birds . Nearly half of the households surveyed - 48 per cent - said they eat turtles and tortoises , with 28 per cent feasting on caimans . And some of the species being eaten are classed as endangered , vulnerable and threatened . Madagascar is second on the list with 114 endangered mammals , with threats particularly facing lemurs and the region 's shrew tenrecs . This compares to 38 in Cameroon and 24 in South Africa . There are 105 recognised species of lemur -LRB- ruffed lemur pictured -RRB- , of which 24 are critically endangered , 49 are endangered , 20 are vulnerable and three are near-threatened . These include a type of forest pig called the white-lipped peccary , which despite being ` near threatened ' was eaten by 19 per cent of those surveyed . The UK has five endangered mammals , but these are almost exclusively marine mammals such as seals and whales that have come under threat from over fishing . These include the blue whale , the fin whale , the sei whale and the North Atlantic right whale . In the US , there are 35 endangered species including breeds of rats , bats and wolves . Elsewhere in Europe , Spain has 16 endangered mammals including the Iberian lynx -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , while Portugal has 11 , Turkey has 17 , Ukraine has 11 and Russia has 31 . This includes the Russian Desman -LRB- right -RRB- . These include the giant kangaroo rat , the Indiana myosis bat , the black-footed ferret and the hog deer . During the 20th century , the global population of hog deer drastically dropped , with the almost total loss of hog deer from southeast Asia . Falling numbers are blamed on heavy hunting in these regions . In the US there are 35 endangered species , compared to Canada 's 11 , including breeds of rats , bats and wolves . These include the giant kangaroo rat , the Indiana myosis bat , the black-footed ferret and the hog deer . During the 20th century the global population of hog deer -LRB- pictured -RRB- drastically dropped , with the almost total loss of hog deer from southeast Asia . Falling numbers are blamed on heavy hunting in these regions . The black-footed ferret -LRB- left -RRB- is also at risk in North America , as is the Hawaiian monk seal -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . Jon Whiting from the Eco Experts said : ` This new data is really alarming and suggests we need to do something urgently if we are going to prevent the extinction of these species . ` The most depressing element is that each of these threats are a direct result of human activity and our impact on the natural world . Many of our most beautiful species are just silently slipping away , so it is incredibly important to raise awareness and pressure nations to be more responsible . ' In Brazil there are 82 endangered mammals . Experts from Lancaster University recently surveyed households in the cities of Borba and Novo Aripuanã to find out which animals they hunt and eat from the rainforest . Some of the species being eaten are classed as vulnerable and threatened including the white-lipped peccary .