Nigel Jackson , 59 , a British expat accused of murdering his wife in Portugal has written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died . A British expat accused of murdering his wife in Portugal has admitted burying her body in the garden but denies killing her , claiming she must have died during a bungled burglary . Nigel Jackson , 59 , was arrested at his country home in Alvor , near Portimao in the Algarve , in January , after the body of his wife Brenda Davidson , 72 , was found in a shallow grave outside . At the time Jackson claimed Mrs Davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . But after being shown evidence she was killed , he had now changed his story . In a letter from jail entitled ` LOVE , CARE DEVOTION AND BETRAYAL ' , seen by the Daily Mirror , Jackson said Mrs Davidson must have been killed by intruders . However , he sticks to the rest of his original story , saying he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets , which they called ` babies ' , because he thought it 's what she would have wanted . He wrote : ` As I thought it was her choice I honoured her choice that night to bury her with our babies . ` I told everyone she had gone away ... this was the only lie I told and I could not live with this lie so I went to the consulate and asked them to get the police . ' He described the moment he found his wife 's body in a pool of blood , claiming to have held the corpse for hours begging her to wake up before discovering the knife and a wound on her neck . Jackson is accused of murdering his wife at his home in Alvor , in the Algarve -LRB- pictured -RRB- . At the time he denied causing her death , saying she had killed herself , but now says she died during a burglary . He also admits to moving his mistress of three years into the house as Mrs Davidson 's body lay in the garden , but said the affair was no secret . He maintains that after her cancer diagnosis his wife had acknowledged that he still had needs to fulfill , and had given her blessing , provided he did n't ` bring it home ' . Jackson said he moved his partner into the house in an attempt to get over his wife 's death , adding : ` I was trying to move on but I could not do so . ' Jackson was initially arrested in January this year after Mrs Davidson 's son Dean became concerned about her whereabouts . According to neighbours , Jackson had initially said she had returned to the UK ` for treatment for a nasty cough . ' But when she failed to return to their home Jackson then alerted the authorities and told them he was ` dedicated himself to trying to find her . ' However her son eventually contacted police and Jackson was arrested at their home and questioned by police for several hours . Mrs Davidson 's body was found in the garden of her home in Alvor -LRB- pictured -RRB- , buried in shallow grave , while Jackson had moved his mistress into the main house . It was then that he revealed the location of the body of Mrs Davidson , his wife of 27 years . Police believe she died last November before the body was wrapped in plastic sheeting and placed underneath a concrete slab and bricks in the garden . The couple moved to the Algarve around 10 years ago from their home in Rochester , Kent and had built up a close set of friends in the close-knit village . They had apparently got bored of their life in Kent and Mr Jackson , a former taxi driver , and his wife , a retired cleaner , moved to Portugal for a change of scene . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .