Sit down for a moment . Relax . Then clasp your hands together so your fingers entwine -- do n't overthink it ! Now look at your thumbs . Which one is on top -- the left one or the right ? If you are a man , the odds are it will be the left ; if you are a woman , it is more likely to be the right . Now unfold your hands and take a look at your fingers , in particular your index finger -LRB- next to your thumb -RRB- and your ring finger -LRB- next to your little finger -RRB- . It can be quite subtle , but in men the ring finger -LRB- measured from the crease where it joins the hand -RRB- is likely to be longer than the index finger . In women the two fingers are typically the same length . Scroll down for video . Strangely enough , your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ` brain sex ' -- the way your brain reflects your gender . Of course , we all have different skills and interests , but some are considered more typically male , and occur more commonly in men , while others are described as more typically female , and occur more commonly in women . According to popular mythology , men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts . You find men in pubs discussing the top speed of a car they are never going to drive , let alone own . They cling to the TV remote control . They like spending time in sheds . Women , on the other hand , are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs . In an emotional crisis , they are more likely to offer sympathy . If you are a man you may be surprised to learn that there are more than 400 different human emotions . If you 're a woman you probably knew that already . This is the stuff of jokes and self-help books -- but it is also shown to be true through science . The question is , do these tendencies result from nature -- with the biological gender we are born with deciding our interests and personalities -- or do they result from nurture , with society and upbringing creating the differing ways that men and women behave ? In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain . The SBS One series Horizon asked Professor Alice Roberts and me to investigate . We started from very different positions . Alice thinks apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how our culture treats boys and girls . In the programme she carries out fascinating tests to prove her point , such as dressing up little boys as girls and vice versa and watching how people treat them . Almost immediately , the girls start rough-housing and playing with trucks , while the boys are treated far more gently by the adults around them . She argues that parents ' unconscious actions -- such as being gentler with girls and letting boys behave more roughly -- often mould children into men and women who embody gender stereotypes . While I agree that lots of wild generalisations about men and women are bandied around , I also think there may be something in claims that our fundamental biology influences how we behave . Professor Simon Baron-Cohen , an expert on the brain who I visited at Cambridge University , has done a lot of pioneering work on this . He believes , broadly , that people of whatever gender fall somewhere along a ` systemiser ' to ` empathiser ' spectrum . Systemisters : According to popular mythology , men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts , like these young train spotters pictured at Chislehurst and Sidcup station . Systemisters are people who enjoy breaking down and analysing systems . They are more likely to become train spotters or computer scientists . They are what he has called ` male brained ' -- as these qualities occur most frequently , but far from exclusively , in men . Empathisers , on the other hand , are more typically ` female ' brained as they are more typically women . Although there are exceptions , most men -- when tested -- come out as more ` systemising ' than ` empathising ' , while for women it is the other way round . While Professor Baron-Cohen accepts social pressures are important in influencing choices and behaviour , his studies suggest the hormones babies are exposed to in the womb can also shape the brain . Higher levels of testosterone in utero , for example -- as measured in long-term studies that took samples from pregnant women then followed their children from birth -- are associated with offspring who are less empathetic but better at some mental skills later in life . In other words , more testosterone during pregnancy produces babies with a more male brain -LRB- we 're not yet sure why some mothers produce more testosterone -RRB- . Dr Mosley will examine if habits , characteristics and preferences are a result of ` nature or nurture ' Empathisers , on the other hand , are more typically ` female ' brained as they are more typically women . An indirect way of assessing how much testosterone you were exposed to is by looking at your fingers . A number of studies have shown that the greater the difference between the length of the ring finger and the index finger , the more ` male ' your brain is likely to be . Mine is slightly more ` male ' than average but much less so than , say , a professional footballer , who is typically male brained with great spatial awareness skills . As you can imagine , this is a controversial area of science . Professor Baron-Cohen does these studies because he is interested in autism , which he describes as an extreme version of the male brain -- more interested in systems and often struggling with empathy . When he started his research there was a lot of criticism , based partly on the fear studies like his will be used to support unhelpful stereotypes -- suggesting men ca n't excel in female areas and vice versa . Ignoring gender differences , however , comes with its own dangers . Take the problem of pain . A while ago , when I was making a programme called Pleasure And Pain , we did a survey where we asked people which of the sexes they thought was better at tolerating pain -- 81 per cent of women said ` women ' , while a mere 11 per cent thought men were the tougher breed . A number of studies have shown that the greater the difference between the length of the ring finger and the index finger , the more ` male ' your brain is likely to be . Although men were more inclined to give themselves the benefit of the doubt , the majority , 54 per cent , still agreed ` women ' were more stoical . But is this right ? One way to find out is to get male and female volunteers to take part in a cold water immersion test . This is a standard pain test widely used because it causes acute pain without doing any long-term damage -LRB- as long as you do n't do it for more than 15 minutes -RRB- . In this test , you put your hand in a bucket of ice-cold water and see how long you can keep it there before the pain becomes intolerable . I 've done it a couple of times and oddly enough after the initial shock it does n't actually feel cold ; below about 3 degrees Celsius your pain receptors overwhelm your temperature receptors so you are no longer able to tell if the water is hot or freezing . All you know is that it is incredibly painful . When this test is done in a laboratory setting , men almost always outlast women . This may be pure machismo , but Professor Jeff Mogil of McGill University , Montreal , thinks there is more to it . As he puts it : ` There are all kinds of reasons to believe there are different neural systems in the brain of males and females . ' That is , our brains process pain differently because our brains are different : our varying ability to withstand pain is proof . He thinks it is unfortunate that much basic pain research has , until recently , been done in male animals . Although men were more inclined to give themselves the benefit of the doubt , the majority , 54 per cent , still agreed ` women ' were more stoical . Males do n't menstruate or go on heat , which makes them simpler and cheaper to study . But it also means we have been developing and testing drugs on males , assuming that they will work just as well on females , which may not be the case . We 've come to realise , for example , paracetamol works better on men , while some opioids work better on women . We do n't , however , know why . That situation is now changing as researchers involve more females and start actively looking for differences . Indeed , Jeff imagines a future where pharmaceutical companies produce pain-killing drugs that are specific to one gender . So perhaps we 'll have pink painkillers for women , and blue ones for boys , each honed to work on the specific male or female brain . ` If that happens , ' says Jeff , ` that 'll be a first in medicine . ' It may also mean far more effective medication for all of us . Head injury , a leading cause of death and disability in young people , is another area where studying gender differences could bring significant benefits . Is your brain male or female ? Documentary premieres on SBS One on Monday at 7.30 pm . A couple of years ago , I was in a large military hospital in Afghanistan , filming a series called Frontline Medicine for the BBC . I saw a number of soldiers , male and female , with serious head injuries . I was told that the women were likely to make a better recovery than the men . Why ? It may be , in part , because women have higher levels of progesterone . Progesterone is best known as a female hormone , involved in the menstrual cycle and pregnancy , but it is also important for the development of neurones -- the cells that carry messages in the brain . Animal studies and a few small human trials have shown that giving progesterone soon after suffering a brain injury improves survival and recovery . Larger studies , some of them funded by the military , are currently underway . This , I think , is why researching gender differences is worth doing . It is not because it will help us understand why men struggle to remember their children 's birthdays or why there are fewer female darts players , but because it may help us find more effective ways to tackle disease . Is your brain male or female ? Documentary premieres on SBS One on Monday at 7.30 pm . Tests extracted from a quiz at bbc.co.uk / science/humanbody/sex , devised in conjunction with Dr Simon Baron-Cohen .