Ed Miliband 's strategy of attacking the Tories for trying to ` privatise ' the NHS backfired last night after the father of a senior Labour politician admitted he had paid for treatment . Caron Wyn Jones , father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones , underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend . He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough -- and he was keen to get it done before a holiday . Ed Miliband 's -LRB- left -RRB- strategy of attacking the Tories for trying to ` privatise ' the NHS backfired after the father of a senior Labour politician - Welsh First Minister Carwn Jones -LRB- right -RRB- - said he paid for treatment . The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS . And it was embarrassing for Carwyn Jones , also Welsh Labour leader . Speaking from his semi-detached home in Bridgend , Mr Jones snr . , 76 , said his son , who has boasted of how he has ` kept the private sector out of the -LRB- Welsh -RRB- NHS ' , opposed his decision . He said : ` It was my decision against my son 's wishes . He would not have wanted me to do it , oh goodness , no . ` It was the time factor because I was going to Italy . There 's nothing wrong with the NHS . I 'm a big supporter of it . I had my operation here in Bridgend . All profits go to the hospital . It 's a private wing , it 's not a private hospital . ' The operation took place in a private clinic at the Princess of Wales NHS Hospital . The Labour-controlled administration in Wales has come under intense criticism for a series of high-profile failings within the country 's NHS . Earlier this year , a study said Welsh hospitals lagged behind England 's on almost every measure . And it is claimed the wait in Wales for an NHS hip replacement is twice as long . Caron Wyn Jones , father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones , underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Last night , Monmouth Tory MP David Davies said the move ` made a mockery ' of Carwyn Jones 's championing of the Welsh NHS . Mr Davies said : ` Carwyn Jones 's father is one of many people in Wales who have to go private because they are unable to get the higher standards of NHS treatment delivered in England . ' Mr Jones said : ` It would be wrong to question the decisions of any individual patient , my father included . My family has regularly used the Welsh NHS . It is an institution I cherish both as First Minister and as a citizen . ' Labour was under fire last night after the Tories pledged an extra £ 8billion a year to the NHS by 2020 if they win the Election . Think tank the Nuffield Trust said Labour was ` now the only -LRB- major -RRB- party ' not to have committed an equal sum . Lord Allen -LRB- pictured -RRB- holds a £ 1.9 million stake in a company which charges hospitals for services such as cleaning and catering . Ed Miliband has made the NHS the central thrust of Labour 's Election campaign , vowing to stop private firms making more than 5 per cent profit in their dealings with the health service . But did he consult Charles Allen , chairman of the party 's executive board , before announcing the policy ? Lord Allen holds a £ 1.9 million stake in a company which charges hospitals for services such as cleaning and catering . He earns £ 210,000 a year as chairman of the ISS Group , a global ` facilities management ' firm which last year made a 5.6 per cent profit on its £ 930million UK revenue . A spokesman for Lord Allen , 58 , said the NHS makes up a ` small proportion ' of the firm 's business . The Labour candidate in Britain 's most marginal seat was last night accused of failing to tell voters that she met Vladimir Putin in Moscow two years ago when a controversial billion-dollar arms deal was signed . Tulip Siddiq , a former aide to Ed Miliband , and who is standing for Labour in Hampstead , was at the Kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses . A smiling Ms Siddiq was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina , the Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Ms Siddiq 's mother Rehana . But the Tories last night accused Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin and Sheikh Hasina . Labour candidate Tulip Siddiq -LRB- left -RRB- was last night accused of failing to tell voters that she met Vladimir Putin -LRB- right -RRB- in Moscow two years ago . They claimed she appears to have gone to great lengths to cover up her trip in January 2013 -- just six months before she won a hotly-contested Labour selection contest in Hampstead -- and her links with Hasina . The Tories also said she had deleted postings and photographs on her blog which showed how she campaigned to get her aunt re-elected . And they questioned why her 1,200-word official Labour profile made no mention of Putin , the arms deal or being a member of a ruling Bangladeshi dynasty . A Tory official said : ` It seems very odd that Ms Siddiq has appeared to try to conceal the most interesting parts of her political life . ' Retiring Labour MP Glenda Jackson won Hampstead with a majority of just 42 in 2010 . Last night a Labour spokesman said : ` Tulip is proud of her background and has always been very open about it . ' As for the photograph , the spokesman said : ` Tulip was totally separate from any official delegation but was invited to an event with her family . '