Kevin Gameiro saved his goalkeeper 's blushes with a late equaliser which put defending champions Sevilla into the last four of the Europa League . Beto had looked to have cost his side their progress , with the game heading towards extra time , before substitute Gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining . It had been a risk to start the Portuguese keeper , but Sevilla boss Unai Emery decided it one he was prepared to take , despite Beto 's absence since a game against Real Madrid in the first week of February . Carlos Bacca slams home the early penalty after Vitolo had been brought down by Neto after five minute . Hulk celebrates his goal with Axel Witsel but Zenit could n't hold on for extra time in the end . It was a gamble that spectacularly back-fired , with the keeper gifting Zenit two of the softest goals imaginable , to see the holders surrender a two-goal lead in the tie . First , just a matter of seconds after the half-time break , with Sevilla two goals up on aggregate a cruising , Beto dropped the ball , under no pressure , at the feet of Salomon Rondon , allowing the Venezuelan to rekindle the tie from a matter of yards . Then , when Brazilian forward Hulk hit a speculative , but not overly threatening shot from 40 yards , Beto could only flap it over his own line , turning the tie on its head and sending it towards extra time . But as Zenit looked to apply the pressure , and Beto attempted to atone himself with two stunning saves , one from each of the two goalscorers , the champions struck on the break . Bacca is mobbed by his Sevilla team-mates after putting them in complete control of the tie early on . Zenit : Lodygin , Criscito , Neto , Lombaerts , Smolnikov ; Garcia , Witsel ; Danny , Shatov , Hulk , Rondon -LRB- Kerzhakov 83 mins -RRB- . Subs not used : Malafeev , Rodic , Anyukov , Tymoshchuk , Sheydaev , Arshavin . Goal : Rondon 48 , Hulk 72 . Booked : Neto , Witsel , Lodygin . Sevilla : Beto , Tremoulinas , Pareja -LRB- Iborra 22 -RRB- , Coke , Carrico , Vidal , Vitolo -LRB- Suarez 92 -RRB- , Banega , Mbia , Krychowiak , Bacca -LRB- Gameiro 72 -RRB- . Subs not used : Rico , Figueiras , Navarro , Reyes . Goal : Bacca 6 , Gameiro 85 . Booked : Iborra . It was a pulsating finish to a game that had started promisingly , but looked to have faded away somewhat in the first half . The Spanish side carried a slim lead , given them by a stunning Denis Suarez volley at the end of the first leg , into the second game , but Zenit were optimistic after scoring an away goal in Seville , which gave them a perceived edge . That advantage lasted little more than five minutes however , as defender Neto stupidly dived in on Sevilla winger Vitolo , to concede an early penalty . It was a bizarre challenge to make , with Vitolo running towards the byline , and the ball not even close to within winning distance . The contact may have been minimal , but the fact that it was there at all was as much down to Neto 's stupidity as anything else , and it was hard to feel sympathy for the Portuguese defender . Carlos Bacca was not in the mood to show any mercy , dispatching the spot-kick beautifully , high into the top corner , and the visitors were in complete control . From then the pattern of play was set , with Sevilla inviting pressure , absorbing it , and hitting Zenit on the break . Indeed , the visitors , two goals ahead on aggregate and with the majority of the game in their own half , had much the better chances in the first period . Coke tries to get a shot away as Sevilla threatened on the break , before Zenit hit back in the second half . Zenit midfielder Axel Witsel challenges Sevilla 's Benoit Tremoulinas during a tense first half . Aleix Vidal should have put them further in front , after out-pacing former Manchester City midfielder Javi Garcia , but he seemed to forget that running is not enough , failing to either pass or shoot and simply running into Yuri Lodygin . Soon after Bacca sprang the offside trap and rounded the Zenit keeper , only to see his shot cleared off the line by Igor Smolnikov . Andre Villas-Boas ' team barely registered a shot before first-half stoppage time , the one exception coming in the 18th minute , when captain Danny exchanged passes with Hulk before seeing his near-post shot saved by Beto . But , as the first 45 approached its conclusion , the hosts suddenly produced a succession of chances , and could easily have got themselves back into the tie . Salomon Rondon , whose goal got Zenit back in the tie , was starved of service for long periods of the game . First Salomon Rondon , almost entirely ineffectual up front in the opening period , was gifted the ball three yards from goal following some dubious defending at a set piece , but the Venezuelan striker could n't sort his feet out , and stumbled the ball away from target . Moments later Danny struck the base of the post with a vicious effort that suggested Zenit might have more to offer in the final quarter of the tie . Not that they could have expected the sort of favours that Beto handed them in the second period , and which looked to have at least earned them an extra 30 minutes . In the end though , it was the home side 's defending that let them down , failing to keep the back door shut as they pushed for a winner , allowing Gameiro to do the damage .