A vicious swan known for terrorising punters and kayakers on the River Cam is now believed to have a grandson following in his footsteps . The savage swan nicknamed Asbaby , which still has many brown baby feathers , has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river . Mr Asbo , the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers . Scroll down for video . Watch out : Savage swan Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the river in Cambridge over the Easter weekend . Up close : One resident who lives near the river said Asbaby ` sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers ' Theft : Asbaby was seen attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman 's handbag -LRB- above -RRB- . Capturing the moment : Asbaby -LRB- pictured -RRB- is believed to be the grandson of Mr Asbo , who was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 . Pecking at the punters : The swan on the River Cam is said to be even more vicious than his father , Asboy , and grandfather , Asbo . Asbaby was seen at the weekend attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman 's handbag . He is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather , and his father Asboy , who conducted a reign of terror on the river last summer . Harry Crossell , 65 , who lives near the river , said : ` He is even more vicious than his father and grandfather . ' -LRB- He -RRB- sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers . I 've seen him chasing after punts and taking their picnics . ` Once I even saw him put his beak around a bottle of champagne . ` It 's terrifying for river users and it 's making people think twice about going out on the water . ' Another resident , Simon Patterson , 52 , said locals were worried Asbaby 's behaviour would get worse as he gets older . ` The swan is only young at the moment , we 're concerned he will get stronger and more vicious as he grows bigger , ' he said . Shock : The swan got up close with this woman , whose surprise at what was unfolding in front of her could clearly be seen -LRB- right -RRB- . Making an appearance : The juvenile swan nicknamed Asbaby got far too close for comfort to tourists on the Cam over the Easter weekend . Naughty swan : One resident said locals were worried Asbaby 's behaviour on the River Cam would get worse as he gets older . ` He swims up and down the river chasing anything which gets in his way . We thought Mr Asbo and Asboy were bad , but this swan is even worse . ` It 's very worrying as the river is starting to get busier now , if he continues someone could get really hurt . ' But Colin Sparkes , navigation officer for Conservators of the River Cam , told MailOnline today : ` Most swans get a bit aggressive this time of year . ` It 's mating season - they protect their territory . As far as I 'm aware , it 's not causing great problems on the river . ` Swans this time of year start to look out for their nest , and indeed when the young and born . ` It 's a very tricky one because the more people feed the swans , the more aggressive they tend to become . Close to the camera : Asbaby ` swims up and down the river chasing anything which gets in his way ' , according to one local resident . Worrying : Asbaby 's actions are said to be ` terrifying for river users ' and are ` making people think twice about going out on the water ' Threatening : The behaviour of Mr Asbo -LRB- above -RRB- before he was moved 60 miles three years ago left dozens of rowers with cuts and bruises . No longer there : The Cam Conservators moved Mr Asbo about 60 miles away in 2012 . His son Asboy is seen above in this file photograph . ` They get used to swimming up to people expecting to be fed . ' He confirmed that there are no plans to remove Asbaby from the river , adding that the case of Mr Asbo was completely different . Mr Sparkes said : ` That swan -LRB- Mr Asbo -RRB- was extremely aggressive - it 's the most aggressive swan I 've ever come across . ` I believe that was probably down to the way he 'd been brought up looking for food from various people . ' The Conservators moved Mr Asbo away in 2012 because they said his behaviour was risking the safety of river users as well as himself . His behaviour left dozens of rowers with cuts and bruises - and a marshal was employed during a university rowing race to stop him injuring students . It has previously been reported how Asboy was seen attacking punters , birds and even a cow . He also injured a canoeist and a swimmer .