Ever felt constrained by the lamp in your living room or bedroom ? Wished you could place it on the other side of the room , but not had the plug socket needed ? Well , your mood-lighting dreams are about to come true . Philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting which , thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features , can be moved wherever you want in your home . The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp . Scroll down for video . Bowl of sunshine : The lamp uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light . When connected to the ` bridge ' , Hue Go can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to television programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood . The bridge is what links the app to the hi-tech bulbs . Linked to Wi-Fi , it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time . The bridge also connects a system to the wider world . With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars , for example . Mood lighting : The button has seven preset light settings : warm white light , cool daylight , and what Philips describe as ` five natural dynamic effects ' that enhance moments such as meditation -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Wakey wakey ! The dome-shaped lamp can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock . It gradually dims or increases light intensity to gently encourage sleep or waking . The bowl-shaped lamp uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge . Rechargeable Non -- replaceable Li-ion battery . Up to 3 hours of light after a 90-minute charge . All shades of white , from warm to cold colour temperatures . 16 million colors . 5 dynamic effects : Cozy Candle , Sunday Coffee , Meditation , Enchanted Forest , and Night Adventure . Each dynamic effect has its own mix of colours to set the right mood . Will cost $ 100 when it goes on sale in June . UK prices have not yet been announced . It comes with seven preset light settings , including ` warm white light ' , ` cool daylight ' and what Philips describe as ` five natural dynamic effects ' . Owners can also pick their favorite colour via a ` colour loop ' function . Philips has patented the natural dynamic effects which include ` cozy candle ' , ` enchanted forest ' and ` night adventure ' . The company claims that each dynamic effect has its own mix of hues to set the right mood and enhance a moment . Perhaps more usefully , the lamp can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock . It gradually dims or increases light intensity to gently encourage sleep or waking . The light will be on sale in the US from June and cost $ 100 . It has gone on sale in the UK and is available at John Lewis and Amazon for £ 79.99 . The bridge -LRB- pictured -RRB- links the app to the hi-tech bulbs . Linked to Wi-Fi via a router , it connects up to 50 bulbs . Spooky : When connected to the bridge , Hue Go can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to television programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood . The dome-like lamp can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app -LRB- pictured -RRB- or any third party app developed for the Hue .