A blind man was left ` completely embarrassed and humiliated ' after staff at his local Post Office refused him entry with his guide dog . Craig Roberts , 36 , from Chadderton , Manchester , walked into his town 's Post Office and an employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served . Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog , the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside . Scroll down for video . Humiliated : Craig Roberts , 36 , was told by Post Office staff in Chadderton , Manchester , that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served . He said he was left feeling ` angry and shocked ' Mr Roberts said : ` I was left feeling so angry and shocked . It is unacceptable that I should be made to feel like I had done something wrong by going to the Post Office with my guide dog . In this day and age there should be more awareness than that . ' He added : ` Luckily a couple of customers heard him and said he was n't allowed to do it because I had a guide dog and that he would have to let me in . He was told a few times and was n't happy about it . ' Mr Roberts , who had gone to the Post Office to top up his electric meter with his payment card , was eventually served by the employee after a ten minute standoff . He said : ` He did serve me in the end . I think he only served me because the other customers interjected . You could tell they were angry and a couple shouted `` you ca n't do that , he has a guide dog '' . ' The Post Office in Chadderton , Manchester , where Mr Roberts was told he had to leave his guide dog outside . Mr Roberts was born with glaucoma , a condition which affects eyesight as a result of pressure built up behind the eye , but in the last 12 months has seen a radical decline in his sight . He now has only 30 per cent vision in one eye which means he ca n't work and struggles with everyday tasks such as cooking and cleaning . The 36-year-old , who lives alone , said : ` I find it difficult doing everyday tasks at home as it is . Making a meal is tricky as I have to make sure it is cooked and cleaning is quite hard because I ca n't see dust and dirt . Under the Equality Act 2010 , people with disabilities have the same right to services supplied by shops , banks , hotels , libraries , pubs , taxis and restaurants as everyone else . Service providers also have to make ` reasonable adjustments ' for guide dog and assistance dog owners which might mean offering extra help , and this includes allowing guide dogs and assistance dogs into all public places with their owners . ` It takes quite a lot to go out to the shops as it is and so to be made to feel that I ca n't even go to the Post Office to simply pay a bill is ridiculous . ' Mr Roberts said he has ` never experienced anything like this before ' but that he has been told a similar incident with a fellow guide dog user at this particular Post Office has happened . He added : ` This incident has really knocked my confidence and made me think if I ca n't take Bruce to the Post Office , will this happened again at the shops or a café ? It was really embarrassing and humiliating . ' So angered was Mr Roberts by the incident that he went straight to a nearby library and lodged an official complaint with the Post Office . He also contacted Manchester Guide Dogs Association , which has been in contact with the Post Office . Sorry : The Post Office has issued an apology ` for any distress caused ' following the incident . A spokesman for Guide Dogs said : ` We 're always saddened when we hear about a shop or another service provider refusing access to a guide dog owner . The Equality Act 2010 makes it illegal to deny access to a guide dog owner . We are always happy to work with the Post Office , or any other organisation to help them understand their duties under the Equalities Act . ' Mr Roberts said : ` I want a written apology from the Post Office and assurance this will never happen to me or any other guide dog user again . ` It is totally unacceptable and they should have greater awareness . ' Having posted the incident on Facebook he said he had received numerous comments in support of his complaint . ` One gentleman said that if that is the way the Post Office deals with a disabled person he would never come into the Post Office again , ' said Mr Roberts , who has had Bruce for seven months and says he 's his best friend . He has called the Chadderton Post Office employee 's response to his guide dog ` outdated ' . ` It is clearly an outdated view of things . I think something needs to be done to educate people that if you have a guide dog it should not stop you from getting about and should n't stop you from doing the things that everyone else gets to do , ' Mr Roberts said . ` I was determined to get this into the public eye because it probably does happen too often and happening just once is too many times . ' A spokesman for the Post Office said : ` Post Office policy is to allow guide dogs and other assistance dogs into branches and we would like to apologise for any distress caused . ' Chadderton postmaster Mr Parekh said : ` I have spoken to Craig and arranged for him to come back into the shop . Any misunderstanding between Craig and my staff will be rectified . '