This is the terrifying moment a car drives directly in front of an oncoming train , sending glass , crash debris and a street light flying across the road . Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying . Despite the crunch , the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured . Caught on camera : Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . Wrong direction : It is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train . Daytime drive : The incident occurred just after 11 am on Monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 Martin Luther King Way South . According to local news reports , the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage . It is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train . He was taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle for treatment of minor injuries . Complaints reportedly included neck and back pain . There were no reports of anyone on the train being injured . The incident occurred just after 11 am on Monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 Martin Luther King Way South . All Central Link rail service was temporarily suspended due to the crash . Full service was restored just after 3 pm . Crash site : As the two vehicles collide , debris flies everywhere . High speed : The car is then rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill - a metal street light is knocked over in the process . All hands on deck : According to local news reports , the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage . Lucky escape : He was taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle for treatment of minor injuries - complaints reportedly included neck and back pain .