A romantic boyfriend gave his partner the surprise of her life when he asked her to marry him by hiring a giant billboard at the side of a road she passes on her way to work . Paul Bakewell , 35 , from Walsall , West Mids , secretly designed a poster which he then had emblazoned on the 20ft-tall advertising hoarding and covered over . The dad-of-one arranged for his partner Tara Barber , 32 , to be driven past the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a business meeting on Friday morning . Scroll down for video . Paul Bakewell , 35 , proposed to partner Tara Barber , 32 , by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the A34 , in Walsall , West Mids . Hairdresser Tara -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , was shocked when her car pulled up to the billboard and her partner , gas fitter Paul -LRB- pictured right -RRB- got down on one knee . ` Tara , you 've changed my life . Will you marry me ? ' : The billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and also featured pictures of the couple . But the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft-wide poster on the side of the A34 in Walsall , West Mids . The billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words : ` Tara you 've changed my life . Will you marry me ? ' Romantic Paul - who had arranged for friends and family to hide on the other side of the road - then went down on one knee and proposed to Tara , who said yes . Gas fitter Paul , who lives with Tara in Walsall , said he did n't sleep for two days because of nerves from planning the big surprise . Paul left the house at 4 am on Friday to help put the poster on the giant billboard - telling Tara he had been called out to an emergency gas leak . Surprise ! Unsuspecting Tara Baker -LRB- pictured right -RRB- , was driven to the billboard by her boss -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , and was shocked by the scene in front of her . Drive-through proposal ! A big crowd of family members and friends had gathered on a green opposite the billboard to watch the proposal , and cheered and tooted horns after Paul got down on one knee . It 's a yes ! Tara Barber , 32 , admitted that it was a well-kept secret and that she had no idea . He added : ` It was definitely the scariest thing I have ever done in my life . I was putting myself out there in front of so many people but I was confident she would say yes . ` I have never been so nervous in my life planning this . It was completely nerve-wracking , I had n't slept for two days before Friday . ` I had been to ask her dad first to do it the traditional way and her family said she would say yes . ` I 'm from just down the road and I know Tara drives this way into work in Walsall every day so I arranged for her boss to drive her there pretending they had a meeting . ` When she arrived she was so shocked and I think more nervous than me when she realised what was happening . ` She did n't have a clue . I thought it would be something special to make a grand gesture . ' The 20ft-tall 30ft-wide billboard featured images of the couple from their relationship . The billboard was positioned on the side of major road , the A34 in Walsall , West Mids , a route that Tara regularly takes to work . ` I wanted to do something different . Anyone can propose at a table at a restaurant or at home but I wanted it to be something she would remember . ' Mother-of-one Tara , who has a son Carrick , six , from a previous relationship , added : ` I was totally clueless , it was the best kept secret . ` My boss pulled over and I thought there had been a car accident because there were so many people by the side of the road . ` Then she started crying and I saw the billboard and my legs just went to jelly , I could n't feel them at all . ` I had no hesitation to saying yes . It was incredible , we 'll never forget this . ` It was the best day of my life and I am glad he did a grand gesture . ' The 35-year-old gas fitter from Walsall had wanted to do something different to ask his partner to marry him . Paul left the house at 4 am on Friday to help put the poster on the giant billboard - telling Tara he had been called out to an emergency gas leak . When he originally planned the proposal , he was disappointed to find out that the advertising space had been bought up for several years by Homeserve . But fortunately , the company agreed to let him use the advertising space . A big crowd of family members and friends who had gathered on a green opposite the billboard to watch the proposal cheered and tooted horns after Paul got down on one knee and an emotional Tara said yes . The advertising space had originally bought been by a company called Homeserve but they agreed to let Paul use the space . The happy family : Newly-engaged couple , Paul and Tara , are pictured with their children from previous relationships , Ellie -LRB- Paul 's daughter - pictured left -RRB- and Carrick , -LRB- Tara 's son - pictured middle -RRB- . Paul , who has a daughter Ellie , 11 , from a previous relationship , added : ` I knew there was a billboard and I started looking into how I could pay to take out a poster two weeks ago . ` But when I inquired I found HomeServe had bought the space so I approached them . ` They were completely brilliant and designed the poster and worked with me to arrange the day . '