A runaway cab driver ended up sending a pedestrian tumbling through the air before crashing into a bus stop full of waiting passengers . The chilling footage was posted on Facebook and shows the cab throwing 25-year-old Kadeem Brown across a median in the Bronx , New York . The conditions were so icy at the time he slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop . His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark who was five . She was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab . WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES . Fatal blow : A store owner posted video that shows the moment a cab hits a pedestrian in the Bronx , killing him . The victim is seen in the red circle . Careening : Kadeem Brown , 25 , can be seen sliding across the ice after being knocked over by a passing taxi . Shocking : Brown can be seen laying on the ground as horrified onlookers attempt to summon help . ` Accident happened at 170 and Grand Concourse in front of my bodega , ' Facebook user Junior Papi Sanchez posted online . Police say Emilo Garcia , the 44-year-old driver , suffered a seizure moments before the crash on Friday evening . Despite the impact , he reportedly continued driving another 100 feet or so , before jumping a curb and crashing into the group waiting at the bus stop . He finally smashed into the side of a building . Mr Brown died at the scene , while the little girl who is not featured in the video died a short time later . Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been not been charged with any crime . Gone too soon : Kadeem Brown , 25 , was killed . ` A state and city licensed driver has killed two people in broad daylight , ' said Charles Komanoff of the safe street group Right of Way . ` The public has every right to demand that everything about the crash and the driver be dug up and made public . ' A memorial service was held for Brown Wednesday evening at Mount Carmel Pentecostal Church , and he will be buried Thursday morning . Grieving relatives and friends of Brown posted memories of him on a fundraising page for his family . ` I always admired him , and said that 's how our young men should act and carry themselves , ' wrote his friend 's aunt Tia Linder . ` He was destined for greatness , but God had a much higher calling for him . You can tell a person 's true character by what others say about them when they are no longer here . ' Another pal wrote that he was always the first friend to wish her a happy birthday . In heaven : Tierre Clarke , 5 , was tragically killed on Friday , March 20th when a taxi jumped the curb while waiting for the bus with her mother . ` He was down to earth , and always gave an ear when needed , ' wrote Renesha Barrett . ` I miss him already . ' Little Tierre Clark died at Lincoln Hospital . ` She loved to sing and dance -- that was Tierre , ' said the girl 's devastated grandmother , Liz Romani , 58 told the Daily News . She would just be walking down the street and break into song . She loved whatever popular music was out . ' ` We 'd be watching TV , some sitcom , and she would just break into song and start dancing , ' Romani said through tears . The family are attempting to raise funds for a funeral for their daughter by also using a crowdfunding page . Crash : The New York City cab driver who killed a five-year-old girl and a 25-year-old man after mounting a curb on Friday has been stripped of his TLC license . Above , the driver 's smashed-up taxi . Smashed in : The unidentified male driver , 44 , was reportedly traveling along the snowy Grand Concourse service road near 170th Street in the Bronx when he swerved on to the sidewalk . Above , police at the scene . Fatal : The man 's green-colored taxi struck and killed Kadeem Brown and little Tierre Clark , who were part of a group of people waiting at a bus stop on the road -LRB- pictured -RRB- . A man , 55 , and Tierre 's mother were left injured . Police at the scene : Emergency crews arrived at the bustling Grand Concourse , where they discovered Mr Brown and Miss Clark lying unresponsive on the ground . Mr Brown , who lived nearby , was pronounced dead .