Rescuers were given quite the surprise after a horse that was stuck in a muddy ditch for six hours turned out to be white when it was hosed down . Eighteen firefighters freed the Havana cob called Cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather . Relieved owner Tracey Hannant , from Bexleyheath , south London , said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch . Rescue : It took 18 firefighters to free white Havana cob Cody . He was trapped in a muddy ditch for six hours . Clean : How Cody looks when he has n't been swimming in a ditch . The photo was taken after the horse 's lengthy ordeal . The white Havana cob is pictured with Tyler Whimster , 13 , son of his owner Tracey Hannant . She said she thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim and praised London Fire Brigade crews who came to the rescue . ` They saved my boy 's life , ' she said . ` They were covered from head to toe , they stank , and they just kept doing everything they could . Cody , who is naturally white with ginger markings , found himself trapped in Anderson Way , Belvedere , for up to five or six hours last Friday . He was finally freed at 2.55 pm by firefighters and the shaky horse was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers , vitamin injections and a booster . Ms Hannant added : ` It was the most awful thing in the world . I was completely hysterical . ` If you can imagine your child stuck in there , that 's what it was for me . ` He kept looking at me and there was nothing I could do . ' Not a habit : Ms Hannant said it was the first time Cody had escaped from his field in six months of living there . Almost there : Cody was glad when he could finally touch down on dry land again . He was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers , vitamin injections and a booster . Ms Hannant feared the firefighters would accidentally break Cody 's leg or the 15-hand horse would panic and colic -LRB- stomach cramps -RRB- , which is potentially fatal . The mum-of-three , who also has a baby grandchild , praised London Fire Brigade saying : ` They were all trying to keep him calm . ` They were talking about getting a crane at one point . ' It took crews an hour-and-a-half to rescue Cody , who was lifted from the water by a device under his stomach . Ms Hannant said : ` No one could believe he was a white horse . ` When he got out he looked like Black Beauty . ' It was the first time Cody escaped from his field in six months of living there . She thinks her water-loving horse broke out through a hole in the fence and jumped in for a swim , not realising he would get stuck . Horsing around : There was even talk of a crane having to be used at one point but rescuers eventually freed the Havana cob . His owner , Tracey Hannant , believed the horse had probably gone for a swim to cool off . Back at home : Cody 's owner Tracey Hannant spoke of the moment he was rescued . She said : ` No one could believe he was a white horse . When he got out he looked like Black Beauty . ' Her son Tyler , 13 , with the horse . On dry land : Cody is enjoying being back home in his field with Tyler , who was out riding the horse again following the animal 's rescue from a ditch in Anderson Way in Belvedere , south London on Friday last week . She spent all day Monday building a new electric fence to keep Cody and her other four horses safe . Ms Hannant added : ` Cody is not just a horse , I have brought him up since he was six-months-old . ` I felt so helpless . That was the worst pain I have ever known in my life . ' She plans to take Cody to Erith fire station when he is fully recovered , to thank the ` amazing ' firefighters in person .