As healer Mangu Ram rests with a threadbare blanket over his creaking knees , the 82-year-old looks to the future . It is almost 70 years since he fled the violence that followed the partition of India , and he is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir -- unable to own property or vote in state elections . But now Ram and thousands like him are daring to hope they will finally be able to shed the refugee status that has plagued them for decades , after Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Hindu nationalist party won a share of power in India 's only Muslim-majority state . Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man , for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights . A Hindu , traditional healer Ram lives a slum house within India 's only Muslim-majority state . Its rulers have refused to give the West Pakistan Refugees -LRB- WPRs -RRB- the right to own property or vote in state elections - meaning three generations are caught in abject poverty . ` If something can be done , then maybe I will finally have some enjoyment in this life , ' the traditional healer said from his slum home on the outskirts of Jammu , Kashmir 's winter capital . ` If only the gods could show us some mercy . ' Ram , a Hindu , was born in an area of Punjab province , part of modern-day Pakistan but within India 's boundaries before the country became independent in 1947 . Hundreds of thousands of families fled across both sides of the border during the conflict which led to the partition of the sub-continent . Around one million people were killed in the bloody war between the two countries . Ram , aged 82 , with the success of Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's Hindu nationalist party at a recent state vote , he says he is hopeful change will come for the West Pakistan Refugees : ` If something can be done , then maybe I will finally have some enjoyment in this life ' Around 100,000 people are classified as refugees - despite most of them never visiting Pakistan , and living in the Jammu region of India . Most of those refugees were quickly absorbed in towns and cities of the newly-independent nations . However the fate of the West Pakistan Refugees -LRB- WPRs -RRB- like Ram who decamped to Jammu and Kashmir state became mired in the dispute with Pakistan over the territory . Because of this , its rulers held off granting the refugees residential rights , including the right to buy land , vote in state polls or work in the state government . . Observers say the reluctance of successive state governments to grant full rights to the overwhelmingly Hindu WPRs stems from fears of upsetting the demographic balance in India 's only Muslim-majority state , which has special autonomy enshrined in the constitution . A Hindu refugee washes pots at a communal hand pump in Surej Chak , on the outskirts of Jammu . The area has evolved into one of the many slum settlements in Hind-dominated areas of the city region of Jammu , within India 's only Muslim-majority state . Generations of families have become stuck in poverty because of their continuing refugee status . Successive governments have failed to act to due , say commentators , to a fear of upsetting the demographic balance of the state between the Muslim and HIndu populations . The WPRs , whose families mainly originate from Punjab , have fallen foul of a pre-independence law that only grants citizenship to people born - or descendants of those born - in the old undivided kingdom of Kashmir . The same legislation has allowed around 35,000 Hindus who have fled Pakistan-controlled Kashmir since partition to be granted citizenship . There are around 100,000 people classified as WPRs , most living in the Jammu region . Hardly any of them have ever set foot in Pakistan . A Hindu refugee widow , who receives a monthly pension of £ 2 , walks in Surej Chak . The community live in poverty , while Kashmir is one of India 's more prosperous states . Activist Labha Ram Gandhi said : ` Granting us state-subject rights is the only way to improve our condition ' With a Hindu nationalist party winning a share of power in Kashmir , there is hope . Bharatiya Janata Party are expected to champion the refugees ' cause . But a veteran activist Labha Ram Ghandi warned the community is not afraid to take matters into their own hands . Suspected rebels shot dead three unarmed policemen Monday in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir . The three policemen were investigating a dispute between neighbours when they were fired on by at least three militants wearing army uniforms , officials said . In a separate attack , another officer was critically wounded after suspected militants shot at him inside a bus near northern Pattan town , police said . No rebel group immediately claimed responsibility for either attack . Kashmir has been in conflict for decades , with rebels fighting either for independence or a merger with neighboring Pakistan , which also claims the territory in its entirety while administering part of it . Source : Associated Press . And despite prevailing unrest from different factions , who either fight for independence or to merge once again with Pakistan , Kashmir is one of India 's more prosperous states . Yet the estimated 18,000 WPR families however live in abject poverty , mostly marrying among themselves because of their low economic status . ` I spend whatever money I earn to send my children to school , '' said Ramesh Kumar , a part-time driver who lives with his wife , two children and mother in a two-room hovel . He says he thinks the law is ` ridiculous ' , adding : ` I was born here -LRB- in India -RRB- . My roots are here . What else do I and my children need to be citizens of this place ? ' As things stand , Kumar 's children can not be admitted to state-run training colleges or be employed in the state government , although they can work for the federal one . But the tide may soon turn on the rights given to refugees , after a pledge by the newly-elected Bharatiya Janata Party to normalise the WPRs ' status . Although the BJP came second in the December hustings , they have joined a Kashmir governing coalition for the first time and are expected to champion the WPRs ' cause . ` We have been living here like this for three generations now , ' said veteran activist Labha Ram Gandhi . ` Granting us state-subject rights is the only way to improve our condition . ' But he warned the community is ready to take matters into their own hands if their hopes are dashed again . ` We will spill our blood on the streets for our rights , ' he says . The daughter of a Hindu refugee studies in her slum home in Surej Chak . Under the current laws she is not allowed to enrolled at a state-run training college or be employed by the state government . Such laws , argue opponents , make these families ` second class citizens '