Manchester City are preparing bids for English trio Raheem Sterling , Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez as part of a summer Anglification of their squad . The club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of Frank Lampard and uncertainty over James Milner 's future exacerbating the problem . Etihad Stadium chiefs have moved to address the situation and are expected to lodge offers for Liverpool winger Sterling , Everton midfielder Barkley and Southampton striker Rodriguez . Raheem Sterling would cost in region of £ 50million but the forward could buy out the final year of his contract . Everton midfielder Ross Barkley has been inconsistent this season but would command a hefty fee . Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez has not played this season but City are monitoring his return from injury . Club bosses believe the young pair on Merseyside , aged 20 and 21 , can not only make an impact at fist-team level but can inject youth into an ageing squad . Sterling has refused to sign a new £ 100,000-a-week contract at Anfield , with the player and his advisers believing they can get £ 150,000 elsewhere . The England flyer is valued at £ 50m . However , he can buy out the final year of his contract for £ 1.7 m , which may force Liverpool to accept an effectively half-priced bid of £ 25m . Barkley has had an inconsistent season , summed up by his penalty miss in Saturday 's 1-0 win over Burnley , but is still expected to command a hefty fee . City are long-term admirers of Rodriguez , 25 , and have been monitoring his comeback from a injury . The Lancashire lad suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury against City and Saints boss Ronald Koeman revealed he could return to action in the final game of the season against the same side . Frank Lampard was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this season , but will leave in the summer . Premier League rules state that clubs must have eight homegrown players in squads of 25 . To achieve homegrown status , players born outside the UK can qualify as long as they have been at a club 's academy for three years before their 21st birthday . If clubs can not find eight they have to reduce their squads accordingly . City 's list featured six homegrown players this term including Lampard , who will join sister club New York City FC in July and Milner who is still pondering his future . Their contract offer to former Aston Villa and Newcastle United man Milner remains on the table , however , there is interest from Premier League rivals Liverpool and Arsenal and a host of clubs from Italy and Spain . Despite rumours to the contrary , the 29-year-old Yorkshireman is yet to decide where his future lies . England international James Milner is out of contract in the summer and is considering his options . Milner can now speak Spanish after enlisting the help of a private tutor and regularly tests his newly-attained skill out on the likes of Pablo Zabaleta and David Silva , although the arrival of a baby daughter last summer may keep him on home soil . After a poor run of form City , whose Under 18s take on Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup Final on Monday night , will not retain their Premier League title and securing a Champions League place is paramount to their plans . Should they fail to do so an under-pressure Pellegrini will face the axe . Despite intense speculation linking outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp with the post , Pellegrini is expected to see out the final year of his contract should his side finish in the top four .