If a golf course were to be created in Hell it might resemble the now serene landscape of Gallipoli , where the blood of thousands was spilled a century ago in one of World War I 's most spectacular Allied failures . An eerie serenity pervades the rolling landscape of this peninsula and , in the bright spring sunshine , there could scarcely be a more peaceful spot for a Sunday afternoon stroll . But a chill is never far from the spine , whatever the temperature . Scroll down for video . Sulva Bay , Gallipoli Peninsula , Turkey , where in the World War I there were nearly 400,00 Allied casualties . In the early hours of today , 25 April 2015 , a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when , at 0430 , Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe , Anzac Cove , to commence the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign . Thousands of visitors from the UK , Australia , New Zealand , India and France have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the Great War . Today this beautiful Turkish isthmus , facing the Aegean to the west , the Dardanelles Straits and the Sea of Marmara to the east , is a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes , mountain tracks and undulating greenery . Allied soldiers land and begin the attack at Gallipoli , sometimes known as the Dardanelles Campaign . People have been gathering the graves at Beach Cemetery at Gallipoli to mark the campaigns 's centenary . Allied cemeteries at Gallipoli are kept immaculately by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission . A cross left by a visitor at a graveside in Gallipoli bearing a personal thanks to the one of the soldiers killed . On a visit ahead of the poignant anniversary , we wandered among Anzac 's sea-facing white headstones before heading down to the tip of the peninsula . Here stands one of the most magnificent of the cemeteries , the Helles Memorial to the British . Troops are remembered in row upon row of immaculate Commonwealth war graves and huge expanses of dazzling white marble , etched with the names of the fallen , which circle the cemetery . Accompanied by a feral dog and her puppies , we strolled down the dirt track to V Beach cemetery where the sea laps below the walls and where two Irish battalions were laid to rest . The mighty ruined fortress of Seddülbahir , brought to its knees by Allied naval firepower in 1915 , overlooks the cemetery . The ruins of the fortress at Seddülbahir in Gallipoli - its name in Turkish means ` barrier to the sea ' Seaside homes dot the flat sands and yellow sandstone bluffs rise out of the Aegean . In the valleys between the cliffs , olive and tamaris trees grow down the steep escarpments . We stopped for a stiff coffee at a modest coffee house on the square , opposite the mosque at Sedd al Bahr , and watched the fishermen 's tiny rowing boats bobbing in the slack waters of Cape Helles . A far cry from the fateful morning of April 25 1915 , when one of the bloodiest and most ill-conceived campaigns of the First World War kicked off , a campaign which almost brought to an end the career of its main instigator , Winston Churchill , and which witnessed almost 400,000 casualties . The Allied plan was as brilliantly simple in conception as it was hopeless in execution : secure the Straits and take Constantinople , giving access to the Black Sea to supply the Russians in order to free up a new line of attack on the Germans . It would also pull in the Greeks and Bulgarians , ancient enemies of the Ottoman Turks , and hey presto , the stalemate of the Western Front would be suddenly transformed into a glorious victory from the East . Churchill , who was First Lord of the Admiralty , had underestimated the strength of the Turkish troops , under the command of modern Turkey 's founding father , Kemal Atatürk , and had overestimated the potency of his own superannuated fleet , which fell easy prey to the mines and coastal gun batteries . Churchill -LRB- left -RRB- had been a soldier , but in 1916 underestimated the Turkish forces led by Atatürk -LRB- right -RRB- . If the naval thrust was a failure , his attempt to consolidate on land was a calamity , and after nine months of blistering summer heat and frostbitten winter nights the ragbag army of dysentery-ridden men was evacuated the following December and January , and Churchill was forced to resign his post . The easiest way to access the peninsula is from the port of Canakkale , which is a quick ferry ride across the narrowest section of the Straits . The Gallipoli War Museum -LRB- Canakkale Destani Tanitim Merkezi -RRB- , is well hidden from view but well worth finding . This 5,600 square metre visitor centre , on the road to Kabatepe , was commissioned by the army and the Ministry of Defence and was only recently finished . It is an architectural triumph that does justice to its subject . The Gallipoli War Museum has many relics from the campaign from both the Allies and Turkish sides . In addition to 11 rooms , with cinema screens shockingly simulating what it was like in the trenches of Gallipoli . There are also some rather more prosaic offerings which carry poignant memento mori : bullets with bullet holes in them as well as Atatürk 's waistcoat and dress shoes . There are also letters , watches , mangled boots and water canteens that would be inadequate for a summer school trip to Longleat safari park . Items of clothing worn in battle by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk who commanded the Turkish forces at Gallipoli . The battle sites and 31 memorials to the 130,000 dead covers a surprisingly small area . This is because Allied troops were unable to make much headway against the ferocious onslaught of Atatürk 's men . Heat , exhaustion , illness and difficult terrain also dogged every step . With an impressive flourish of national pride , the Turkish government has declared the whole area a Historic Park , to show the futility of war . Up at Chunuk Bair , where the Allies enjoyed a shortlived victory , the trenches have been preserved . You can look down on Suvla Bay 540m below , where British troops landed , and walk a few hundred metres along the preserved dug-outs in the footsteps of New Zealand 's Wellington Battalion , before visiting the New Zealand monument . Here , a statue to Atatürk , the Allies ' nemesis , celebrates the moment when a fob watch covering his heart prevented a bullet from possibly changing the course of modern history . From the Australian monument at Lone Pine there are views across the peninsula , from the Aegean to the Dardanelles . Nearby is Kiliçbayiri , the memorial to the Turkish 57th Infantry Regiment , which was wiped out following the Allied landings at Anzac . Atatürk , the 19th Division commander , famously told his men : `` I am not ordering you to attack . I am ordering you to die . During the time before we die other forces and commanders will take our place . '' The great man , of course , lived to tell the tale . Before taking the 10-minute ferry back across the Straits to Canakkale we walked through the French Memorial at Morto Bay . Lined by rosemary bushes , baytrees and well-ordered flowerbeds , this is perhaps the biggest and most atmospheric of them all , with 3,236 graves and four ossuaries containing the bones of 12,000 unidentifiable soldiers . It surprises many to learn that more French soldiers were killed at Gallipoli than Australians and New Zealanders combined . Mark Porter was a guest of the Turkish Culture and Tourism Office . For more information on Turkish holiday , visit www.gototurkey.co.uk . Turkish Airlines flies form the UK to various Turkish destinations . Hotel Tusan organises trips to the battlefields . Such a pity that so few French visit . We returned to the Hotel Tusan , near Canakkale , haunted by a hellish vision of the past made all the more poignant by the tranquillity which pervades the present . While the 100th anniversary itself is going to be a tad too busy for most , the museum and Historic Park are open to all 365-days a year . For those unable to make the celebrations on the day , there is always a fallback position : Russell Crowe 's film about it , The Water Diviner , is out now .