This is the heart-stopping moment two robbers pointed a gun at a family and their toddler during a corner-shop raid , before throwing sweets at them when they refused to hand over cash . Luke Munro , 19 , and Dylon Thompson , 21 , burst into the Londis shop in Cleveleys near Blackpool in October last year while the owner , his wife , and their toddler were behind the counter . The pair then pulled out a ` realistic looking ' handgun and began waving it in the family 's faces , demanding cash from the till , but the brave parents refused to hand it over . Luke Munro , 19 , and Dylon Thompson , 21 , raided a corner shop in Cleveleys near Blackpool using a ` realistic looking ' handgun , pointing it at the owner , his wife , and their toddler as they hid behind the counter . When the mother and father refused to hand over cash , Munro and Thompson threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed . At that point , CCTV footage shows Munro and Thompson began throwing handfuls of sweets at the couple behind the counter , before fleeing empty handed . The duo were tracked down , and at Preston Crown Court on Wednesday Munro was jailed for five years and four months , while Thompson was sentenced to three years and four months . After the sentencing police said the attack was ` extremely distressing ' for the family , who had been ` left in fear of their lives ' during the raid . Detective Inspector Gareth Willis , from Lancashire Police , said : ` It 's just incredibly brave of them not to give them what they wanted . ` The victims have been extremely brave in what must have been a terrifying incident for them both . Munro -LRB- left -RRB- was jailed for five years at Preston Crown Court for robbery , possessing a firearm and burglary , while Thompson was jailed for three years and four months for robbery and firearms offences . Police said the victims had been left ` extremely distressed ' during the raid , and had been ` left in fear of their lives ' as the gun was waved in their face . ` The female actually had her baby with her in the store when she was threatened with the weapon , which makes the offenders ' actions even more reprehensible . ' Detective Constable Paul Morris , from the same force , added : ` This was a terrifying ordeal for the two shop owners and their young child who were left in fear of their lives after being threatened with what they believed to be a real firearm . ` Munro and Thompson caused extreme distress for the victims involved and I hope that the sentences send a warning to criminals that crimes of this nature are treated seriously by both the police and the courts as well as bringing some closure for the victims . '