An eighth grade student has been charged with a felony after he allegedly hacked into the computer of a teacher he did n't like and changed his desktop background . Domanik Green , 14 , has been accused of accessing the staff member 's laptop at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday , Florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing . The Pasco County Sheriff 's office have claimed he illicitly made his way into the encrypted system , had access to personal files and could have altered his classmates ' grades , but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank . He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at the Land O'Lakes Detention Center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day . Charged : Domanik Green , 14 , allegedly accessed a computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday , Florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing . According to the Tampa Bay Times Sheriff Chris Nocco said : ` Even though some might say this is just a teenage prank , who knows what this teenager might have done . ' During an interview with ABC Action News , for which his mother said he could be identified , he said : ` I was n't really thinking . I was just kind of annoyed at the teacher that day . He added : ` When I logged on and put the picture up , I was trying to annoy my teacher . Green managed to get into the teacher 's laptop by sharing his screen . He then took a picture from Google images and enlarged it . ` But when logging onto the FCAT , I logged onto the wrong computer , ' he added . ` I was trying to talk to my friend through another computer , that way I did n't get caught with my phone out or anything in class . ' Green was also suspended for three days last year for a similar act . He and a number of other students got hold of the password . Booked : He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at the Land O'Lakes Detention Center -LRB- pictured -RRB- until he was released into the custody of his mother . The youngster says he saw a teacher type it in and was easy to remember , as it was a faculty member 's last name . Green has been charged with ` offense against computer system , unauthorized access ' which is a 3rd Degree Felony . He is also suspended from school for 10 days and is being transferred to a different school .