A democratic congressman is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the Family Defender Toolkit . The informational pamphlet includes a bilingual card - that some are calling a ` get out of deportation free card ' - that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded . Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained , he or she can ` explain that under the policy in place today , you should be released because you are not a priority for deportation ' . Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of several house representatives who are creating a ` Family Defender Toolkit ' that they hope will help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations . The toolkit includes a wallet-sized card that Gutierrez says should be shown to immigration officers when an undocumented immigrant is in an emergency situation . The two-page booklet details President Barack Obama 's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals -LRB- DACA -RRB- and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents -LRB- DAPA -RRB- policies . Those policies , however , are currently on hold by a court order , according to FOX News Latino . Gutierrez said that though the policy is still on hold , he wanted those who might need the information to have it in advance . ` I created this toolkit for you to protect yourself from deportation , ' Gutierrez said in an introduction video to the booklet . He continued : ` Even though you can not apply yet for the expanded DACA and new DAPA you can still prepare . ' The Representative added , however , that he hopes people ` never have to use this card ' and that it should only be used when speaking to immigration officials , . The two-page booklet details President Barack Obama 's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals -LRB- DACA -RRB- and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents -LRB- DAPA -RRB- policies , which have been placed on hold by a court order . Critics of the pamphlet say that it encourages a false sense of security in immigrants who are in the country illegally and that it is ` flaunting the law ' He said the card , which should be kept in a wallet , should not police officers in situations of minor infraction , according to CBS . Critics of the toolkit claim that the card is ` flaunting the law ' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants . ` Rep. Gutierrez is only interested in open borders , which wreak havoc on the 93 million middle-class Americans already out of work and the millions more who are seeing their wages reduced due to companies hiring illegal workers , ' said Aaron del Mar , Republican Party Chairman from Cook County , Illinois , said . A hearing in which the Department of Justice will try to reverse the hold on President Obama 's executive immigration action is scheduled for Friday . Gutierrez said that though the policy expansion is still on hold , he wants people to have knowledge on the subject in advance . A hearing in which the Department of Justice will try to reverse the hold on the policy will take place on Friday .