They 're two words that strike fear into parents ' hearts and leave the entire family exhausted and emotional : temper tantrum . These outbursts can be triggered by anything from being refused an ice cream to frustration at an early bedtime . Now a new video created by Oprah Winfrey 's OWN TV , reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down . Scroll down for video . When I 'm mad , my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting , ' says one child , explaining what goes on in his head when he starts to feel angry . A group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst , in a video featured on Super Soul Sunday , Oprah 's Emmy award-winning TV series . And while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults , it seems children are also benefiting from it . The video titled , What Children Can Teach Us About Anger , is described as showing that ` you 're never too old , or too young , to discover mindfulness and let anger go . ` In this short , we hear from children who have already learned a life-changing lesson - taking a deep breath can change your whole world . ' Talking about what happens in their minds when they get angry , the children in the video explain how it 's easy to feel out of control . ` When I 'm mad , my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting , ' says one . Mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well being . And it seems that you 're never too young to learn the art . Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger . ` My brain slows down and then I feel more calm , and then I 'm ready to speak , ' explains one child already using the technique . ` First , you find a place where you can be alone . Then you find some way to relax and calm down , ' says another little girl , explaining how she uses mindfulness techniques to combat feelings of anger . While another goes into more detail about his temper : ` Your blood keeps pumping because you 're really mad . You start to get sweaty because you 're getting really , really mad . And then when you start getting really mad , you turn red . ' One little girl offers up an analogy to explain her anger , using a jam jar and glitter . ` It 's kind of like if you had a jar . The jar would be your brain , and then you put glitter in the jar . ` If you shook up the jar and the glitter went everywhere , that would be how your mind looks . ' These children all seem to have the presence of mind to know what to do when they find themselves lost in a passion . ` First , you find a place where you can be alone . Then you find some way to relax and calm down , ' explains one little girl . ` My brain slows down and then I feel more calm , and then I 'm ready to speak , ' explains another girl , who appears to have mastered the art of mindfulness at a remarkably young age . Others expand on how to use deep breaths to refocus the mind . ` Your blood keeps pumping because you 're really mad . You start to get sweaty because you 're getting really , really mad . And then when you start getting really mad , you turn red , ' says one child , struggling with anger . ` I breathe in through my nose , ' explains one , while another adds that she likes to close her eyes while taking deep breaths . ` My brain slows down and then I feel more calm , and then I 'm ready to speak , ' explains the youngster who used the glitter analogy . ` It 's like all the sparkles are at the bottom of your brain . ' Defined by the NHS as paying more attention to the present moment , and to your own thoughts and feelings , mindfulness is fast becoming a tool for the masses . ` My brain slows down and then I feel more calm , and then I 'm ready to speak , ' explains a little girl who appears to have mastered the art of mindfulness at a very young age . Studies claim that adopting a more ` mindful ' approach to life can not only reduce your daily stress , but prolong your mental health . It 's also a key tool in helping people deal with their feelings of anger and frustration . Mark Williams , professor of clinical psychology at the Oxford Mindfulness Centre , explained that the technique can allows us to ` become more aware of the stream of thoughts and feelings that we experience ' . Adding that by taking the time to consider what we 're really feeling , and why , can help to quickly diffuse reactions and behaviour that are ` unhelpful ' or unpleasant .