Police in Delaware charged a woman with fatally stabbing her husband in their home after an argument about him cheating on her with own her sister and their nanny 's daughter . New Castle County police charged Temitope Adebamiro with first-degree murder on Friday after being called to her home in Bear early on Thursday morning because of an ` unknown problem ' . When they arrived at the home around 12:40 am , they found 37-year-old Adeyinka Adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . Scroll down for video . Temitope Adebamiro , 35 , was charged with murder on Friday after her husband 's death was ruled a homicde . Police were called to a home in Bear , Delaware , early on Thursday and found Adeyinka Adebamiro stabbed . Paramedics pronounced him dead about an hour later and the Delaware Division of Forensic Science ruled Adeyinka 's death a homicide , according to the News Journal . The husband , Adebamiro , their two children and a nanny had been living at the home for two years . Adebamiro , 35 , and the victim had been married for more than ten years , although she told police he had physically abused her while she was pregnant , cheated on her with several women and sent her to Nigeria on multiple occasions . She said he last sent her to Nigeria over Christmas so he could spend it with the nanny 's daughter . Detectives determined there was a verbal argument that led to a physical altercation . The argument allegedly began after the victim found photos on Adebamiro 's cellphone that she had taken of pictures he had stored on his mobile phone . The stored pictures were of Adebamiro 's sister and the nanny 's daughter . At some point after the argument , a single stab wound severed the victim 's carotid artery and jugular vein . Adebamiro 's story about what happened changed several times and she suggested that her husband killed himself as well as mentioned a power outage that never happened . She did not ever admit to the killing , but investigators felt there was enough evidence to charge her . In addition to murder , Adebamiro was charged with possession of a weapon during the commission of a felony . She was arraigned and committed to the Delores J Baylor Women 's Correctional Institution where she is being held without bail .