Forget the X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent , today 's bright young things want to make their name in the world of technology . But for entrepreneurs like Robyn Exton , who has launched a dating app for lesbians , making money means abandoning life in the UK to travel to San Francisco to look for investment . In a new Channel 4 documentary , How To Be A Young Billionaire , Robyn admits : ` I want to raise a million dollars . ' Scroll down for video . How to Be a Young Billionaire follows three young British adults as they attempt to make a success out of their apps in San Francisco . Pictured : Robyn Exton who is the founder of Dattch -LRB- HER -RRB- a lesbian dating app . The 28-year-old , who grew up in Kent , came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend . But she struggled to meet someone so ever determined , Robyn came about creating Dattch -LRB- now re-branded as HER -RRB- a dating app designed for lesbian , bisexual and curious women . She said she decided to create her own app when the ones that were available were n't up to the job . ` I was with my friends in the pub and we were all signed up to a bunch of different lesbian sites . ` One of my friends had just split up with her girlfriend and we were signing her up to one of the sites we were on and we knew that what we were using was awful . Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters but the app has since gone into decline seeing Josh seeking a five million dollar investment . Josh has created a MinoMonsters two which he hopes will set his wealth back on track . ` I cared so much about it and then the actual idea for Dattch came up . ' On moving to Silicon Valley , she said : ` Its really depressing because you start to realise that everything is completely dependent on money . I ca n't ever imagine not doing it and being prepared to give it up . ' The region may be renowned for its investment in tech but with 5,000 smart phone apps launched each week and only one in ten surviving Robyn was prepared for knock-backs . In fact , the ambitious entrepreneur managed to impress the right people and secured investment from media mogul and co-founder of Bebo Michael Birch . He said : ` We liked her a lot , super-passionate , she built a great product proving she could execute was getting some early traction . ` She identified an area that we feel was being under served . had the potential to be the market leader in that and at this stage a relatively low valuation . Good time to invest . ' Both Robyn and Josh seek the investment of Michael Birch the co-founder of Bebo . But with the pressure still on to raise cash , she gave a five minute presentation to 400 influential women at a lesbian technology conference in New York . A week later , the first figures from the app were promising and within 48 hours of pitching it was the fastest growing lesbian dating app in the city . Yet , Robyn admitted to being most thrilled by another claim to fame . She recounted a story of someone spotting her Dattch sticker on her laptop . ` He said all the girls in his office talking about it and I was like `` oh where do you work '' and he was like `` I work at Vogue , '' ' she laughed . After securing her investment , Robyn is now moving to San Francisco permanently and plans to roll out her app across America . Another mini-millionaire who is on the hunt for investors is 22-year-old Josh Buckley who made his first million at just 18 years old . It was his development of the game MinoMonsters that earned him nearly million a month at its peak . But Josh says that he was a high earner long before MinoMonsters . ` It started when I was 11 , I bought a book to teach myself programming and I built a website while teaching other people how to program . ` Within a month I sold the website for two thousand dollars . and I realised holy s *** you can make money doing this ! ' Just four years later the child prodigy sold a business for a six figure sum . ` The funny thing was my parents did n't even know I was running this thing at the time so they had a bit of a shock to find out I had this big windfall . ' But now three years after relocating to California Josh 's wealth is on the line . After pitching her app at a lesbian technology conference Dattch became the fastest growing lesbian dating app in New York City having caught the attention of Vogue magazine . Julia Onken works for high school confession app Fess but believes she is destined for bigger things . ` MinoMonsters 1 was doing pretty well . It made millions of dollars and was going up by ten per cent a week we realised it probably would have capped out at a certain level and if you do n't keep growing you 're gon na die - figuratively . ' In the hope of keeping his fortune going Josh created MinoMonsters 2 but desperately needed a five million dollar investment in order to launch the game . He said : ` I 'm trying to think what am I going to do next . We 're six months behind . It feels like we 've done a lot wrong here . ' ` We were making 10 million a year . We 're burning $ 3,000 a day $ 70,000 dollars a month . ' Although Josh admitted he and his team would be prepared to work up to 16-hour days , seven days a week on his business , his chief designer Sash Mackinnon revealed that his immense work stress led him to having a heart attack at just 21 . More investors have withdrawn from Josh 's project and it is yet to be revealed whether Apple , his final hope , would agree to promote MinoMonsters . The game 's launch has been postponed until April but Josh is still optimistic . He said : If I failed tomorrow I would get back up pretty quickly and try again and just keep on trying . ' The final technology hopeful featured in the documentary is Julia Onken , 21 , who moved to California with her family . A social marketing director for Fess , which encourages students to share their secrets , Julia is confident that she will become the next big thing in the tech boom . She said : ` I do n't think anyone else right now would necessarily think of the idea I have . That might be cocky and I might be doing a terrible job and I just think I 'm doing a great job . '