Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . But within the US , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts . People in California , for instance , are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US . Click on the interactive map below to find out which regions think global warming is happening . Now a new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states , 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties . To create the map , researchers at Yale University asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried . They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits . Nationally , 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming . But , as the results show , this national number glosses over the geographic diversity . Concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in Pickett County , Tennessee , to a high of 74 per cent in Washington , D.C. . The results also identify significant variation within states , and one surprising result is Texas . Here , public concern about climate change ranges from a low of 39 per cent in King County to a high of 61 per cent in Travis County . Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . Pictured are the percentages of people who are worried about climate change , divided by different counties . Concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in Pickett County , Tennessee -LRB- pictured -RRB- , to a high of 74 per cent in Washington , D.C. . The Earth experienced its hottest month of March since record-keeping began in 1880 . There 's been no break from the globe 's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks . Last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 째 f -LRB- 13.6 째 c -RRB- , which is 1.5 째 f -LRB- 0.85 째 c -RRB- above the average for the 20th century . Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere , leading to increased temperatures , melting of polar ice and glaciers , and rising seas . The data , released last week by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -LRB- NOAA -RRB- takes into account global averages across land and sea surfaces . It follows earlier announcements from US government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history . ` Although a majority of people in every state think global warming is happening , this analysis makes it possible to see how much opinions differ within each state , ' said Peter Howe of Utah State University , the lead author of the paper . ` These differences are partly due to the fact that different groups often think differently about the issue . ` For example , Hispanics and Latinos tend to be more worried about global warming than other racial or ethnic groups , which can be seen on the map in counties with more Latino residents . ' Hawaii , California , Vermont and Massachusetts are the four states that are most worried by climate change . Three are coloured in orange , which means that at least 50 per cent of the people in every county are concerned about climate change . The data used in is based on 12 surveys conducted between 2008 and 2013 by the Yale Project on Climate Communication . To validate the model , the research team conducted separate surveys in four states and two cities . They found the estimates were within three percentage points of the independent surveys at the state level and four percentage points at the city level . ` Most of the action to reduce carbon pollution and prepare for climate change impacts is happening at the state and local levels of American society , ' said Anthony Leiserowitz , a research scientist at the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies . ` Yet elected officials , the media , educators , and advocates currently know little about the levels of public and political will for climate action at these sub-national levels . Leiserowitz added that state and local surveys are costly and time-intensive , and as a result most public opinion polling is only done at the national level . In Texas , concern about climate change ranges from a low of 39 per cent in King County to a high of 61 per cent in Travis County -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Pictured are the number of adults who believe global warming is taking place . The results are divided by congressional district . The researchers say many Americans believe that even if it exists , global warming is not their problem . ` This model for the first time reveals the full geographic diversity of public opinion in the United States at these critical levels of decision making , ' he said . Earlier this year , research by the same group the number of people in America who believe climate change is n't happening has risen to 23 percent , up seven percentage points since April 2013 . The researchers also say many Americans believe that even if it exists , global warming is not their problem . ` Over years of research , we have consistently found that , on average , Americans view global warming as a threat distant in space and time -- a risk that will affect faraway places , other species , or future generations more than people here and now , ' an earlier report by the group said . ` People who prior said do n't know are increasingly saying they do n't believe it , ' said Leiserowitz . He told Livescience media coverage surrounding the release of the IPCC report in September may be the explanation for the shift . While the report made a strong case for human-caused climate change , the majority of global media coverage focused on the question of whether there has been a ` pause ' in global warming . ` Media frames can be really important in shaping the way people interpret the news , ' he said . The findings divide Americans into six distinct subsets . Sixteen percent are ` alarmed , ' sure global warming is happening and concerned about it . On the opposite end of the spectrum are the ` dismissive , ' who comprise about 15 per cent of the public and who almost all see global warming as a conspiracy theory or hoax . Changing either of these two groups ' opinions about climate change is nearly impossible , the report found . This graph reveals the percentage of people in each state who support funding research into renewable energy sources . New York , Vermont and Illinois are among the states with the highest levels of support . Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . But within the US , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts . People in California , for instance , are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US .