Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile . The firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site . Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature . Scroll down for video . Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more . Simply open Tinder , go to your new profile , and connect it to your Instagram account with a single tap - your Tinder profile will automatically start displaying your recent Instagram photos . Tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library . ` You asked , we listened , ' the firm said . ` We 've made some exciting new changes to your Tinder profile including a slick , new Instagram integration and more common friends . ' The firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile . ` Now there 's no need to put your Instagram handle in your profile description to tell your story -LRB- we got sick of having to do that , too -RRB- . ' It also stressed that the app would not let other visitors to your Instagram feed know it was part of a dating profile . ` And in case you were wondering , Tinder wo n't post anything to Instagram on your behalf or alter your existing Instagram privacy settings . ' Tinder has overhauled its profile as part of the Instagram integration - and now shows friends of friends as well as more interests . The firm has also used Facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature . Tinder now shows you the mutual friends and friends of friends you have in common with your potential matches . ` This adds more context and an extra degree of connection to every swipe , ' Tinder claims . It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look , expanding the number of interests people can add . Earlier this month Tinder rolled out ` Tinder Plus ' , a premium service allowing people to ` undo ' a like or change their location . A study has found that nearly two thirds of dating app users are men - and one in five will pay for premium services . Sixteen to 34 year-olds make up the majority of mobile dating app users , accounting for 70 per cent of the total user base . The study , carried out by London-based research firm GlobalWebIndex , also found that six per cent of web users currently use a location-based dating app . Significantly , just a fifth of dating app users are paying for an online dating service , ' co-authors Jason Mander and Felim McGrath said in the report . But now they have set a limit on the number of ` likes ' a user can perform in one day - which seems to be set at 100 . When a user reaches this limit , the app tells them ` You 're Out of Likes ' , and gives a countdown clock until 24 hours are up so they can start swiping again . But , below this clock , a big red button says ` Get Unlimited Likes with Tinder Plus ' . A price is then shown . But different users are reporting the app is asking for different amounts . It seems the prices range from around £ 1.49 a month to as high as £ 14.99 - but the reasons why are not clear . This means some users will pay £ 17.88 a year for Tinder Plus - but others , in the upper price category , will have to fork out a whopping £ 179.88 a year . This equates to some users inadvertently paying £ 162 more than others over the course of a year . Speaking to MailOnline , Rosette Pambakian , Vice President of Communications and Branding at Tinder , told MailOnline the app is testing out different price points ahead of a global release . ` We are testing Tinder Plus in select markets at various price points before rolling it out globally , ' she said . ` The UK is one of our test markets , so a certain portion of the population was given access to Tinder Plus at varying price points . ' However , it is still not clear how the app decides how much to charge a user - and whether it is based on location or activity . In addition , Tinder has not commented on whether a user will receive a refund if they ultimately paid over the odds for the final price of the service .