A ` perfectionist ' straight A student who was stressed about her studies was killed by a speeding train , a coroner heard today . Chandni Nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school , an inquest into her death was told . Miss Nigam would stay up late studying , resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety . Berkshire coroner Peter Bedford heard the teenager , who had been a volunteer at the London Olympics in 2012 , was also worried about her appearance . An inquest heard Chandni Nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school . Stock photo . Tragically , she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life - which is how she ultimately died . Miss Nigam had seen a number of doctors over several years , but her father Ankush Nigam told the inquest that she had often refused treatment . He explained that he felt he was ` torturing ' his daughter by making her attend appointments - and eventually accepted that she would one day take her life . On February last year , the teenager was struck by a train travelling from London Paddington to Hereford at Twyford railway station in Berkshire . In a statement to the court , train driver Stephen Wood said he saw a pair of legs running into his view from the right as he approached the station . Mr Wood said : ` I saw a person turn towards me and spread their arms wide apart . The train struck this person . ' The driver had applied the emergency brake and paramedics were called to the scene , but Miss Nigam , from Lower Earley , Berkshire , died instantly from multiple injuries . Mr Nigam said : ` I 'm glad she 's in a peaceful place . ' He said his daughter first started showing signs of depression and sleep deprivation at 13 and had been on various medication since . The teenager was struck by a train in February last year at Twyford railway station -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Berkshire . Her doctors had believed she showed improvement when on medication , but she was often reluctant to take it . And Mr Nigam criticised doctors for not believing him and his wife when she said their daughter 's condition was worse than she presented to medics . She told doctors she did not want medication for her condition and was not judged to be a suicide risk . But Mr Nigam said his concerns were not taken seriously , even when he explained she had told her parents how she would kill herself in October 2013 . He said his daughter had said she knew the times of fast trains and that it would be on a Tuesday . ` That was the first time she made a comment in respect of the train , ' he said . ` She clicked her fingers and said it would be instantaneous , so do n't worry . ' The inquest heard she told doctors she did not want medication for her condition and was not judged to be a suicide risk . Mr Nigam said he began to accept there was nothing that could be done to help his daughter . He said : ` Nobody was willing to accept our version of events . What she said was given so much significance while what we said was ignored . ` I thought I might as well just let her go . I was waiting for something like this to happen . I literally felt like a passenger . ` I wish I had not subjected her to any of those doctors or anybody now . All I have done is added to her misery . ' He added that every time he dropped his daughter off at a train station , he feared it would be the last time he saw her . He believes his daughter eventually took her life because she feared she would be put back on medication . The inquest heard Miss Nigam had suffered from a number of conditions in addition to depression , including acne , malnutrition , hair loss and itchy skin . She had achieved all A and A * grades at GCSE level , but was in and out of school and college as she battled her illness . The inquest continues . For confidential support in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here . .