Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon . A federal jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260 . He kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read . A sketch shows Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -LRB- second left -RRB- and his defence team as the guilty verdicts on all charges against him were read on Wednesday . The jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty . Boston Police patrol the outside the John J Moakley Federal Courthouse after the jury verdict . The jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison . Tsarnaev 's conviction was widely expected , given his lawyer 's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing . But the lawyer also argued that Tsarnaev 's older brother , Tamerlan , masterminded the attack and enlisted his then-19-year-old brother to help . On April 19 , 2013 , Tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat and had written notes inside suggesting the bombing was an act of retribution for U.S. military campaigns in Muslim-dominated countries . Prosecutors portrayed the brothers as full partners in a plan to retaliate against the US for its wars in Muslim countries . The court will likely meet early next week to resume the penalty phase . Families of the victims were also present to hear the verdict but there was no celebration after each ` guilty ' was read and jury members were similarly somber . COUNT 1 : GUILTY . Conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , resulting in death -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 2 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 3 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 4 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 5 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 6 : GUILTY . Conspiracy to bomb a place of public use , resulting in death -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 7 : GUILTY . Bombing of a place of public use -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 8 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 9 : GUILTY . Bombing of a place of public use -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 10 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting -LRB- Death penalty charge -RRB- . COUNT 11 : GUILTY . Conspiracy to maliciously destroy property , resulting in death . COUNT 12 : GUILTY . Malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 13 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 14 : GUILTY . Malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 15 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 16 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 17 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 18 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . * Death penalty charge . COUNT 19 : GUILTY . Carjacking , resulting in serious bodily injury ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 20 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 21 : GUILTY . Interference with commerce by threats and violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 22 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 23 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pressure Cooker Bomb # 3 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 24 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pressure Cooker Bomb # 3 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 25 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pipe Bomb # 1 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 26 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pipe Bomb # 1 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 27 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pipe Bomb # 2 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 28 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pipe Bomb # 2 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 29 : GUILTY . Use of a weapon of mass destruction -LRB- Pipe Bomb # 3 on or about April 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of Laurel Street and Dexter Avenue in Watertown -RRB- ; aiding and abetting . COUNT 30 : GUILTY . Possession and use of a firearm -LRB- a Ruger P95 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and Pipe Bomb # 3 -RRB- during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . Source : WBUR .