Four Queens Park Rangers supporters have been jailed for football-related disorder following an incident with Burnley fans last year . The unsavoury scenes occurred on February 1 , 2014 following a 3-3 draw during their Championship encounter at Loftus Road . The foursome identified as Harry Childs , Jack Hutchins , Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday , after being charged in July last year , due to their involvement in an act of violent disorder outside a west London pub . QPR fans Harry Childs -LRB- left -RRB- and Jack Hutchins have been jailed for football-related disorder last year . Dean Foreman -LRB- left -RRB- and Bradley Pack were also sentenced for affray on Friday for their involvement . The incident occurred after last season 's 3-3 draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road . Childs , 18 from Billericay , Essex has been sentenced to eight months imprisonment while Hutchins , 21 of Kings Langley , Hertfordshire was given a one-year sentence alongside 27-year-old Foreman who hails from Northolt , London . Pack , 22 of Hemel Hempstead , Hertfordshire was sentenced to 30 weeks imprisonment . In addition all four men also received six-year Football Banning Orders under section 23 of the Football Spectators Act 1989 . Childs , Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6 with Pack previously entering a guilty plea . During the two-week trial , the court heard how the quartet gathered outside the the Plough and Harrow pub shortly before 5 pm , where they confronted a number of Burnley supporters , who were having a post-match drink , through the windows outside the establishment . The incident dates back to February 2014 when the quartet confronted Burnley supporters after their match . With the shouting reciprocated from within , the events soon escalated to violence and the pub 's window being kicked and shattered by Childs . The ensuing scenes saw numerous people assaulted and punched outside the pub , with the Plough and Harrow manager locking the glass front doors and calling 999 in fear of the violence spreading into the premises . Childs - who was wearing a distinctive red patent jacket - and his three associates moved up along Kings Street where they came across another set of Burnley and QPR supporters where further spontaneous violence took place . Police soon arrived at the scene , however Hutchins and Foreman evaded their attention . Childs and Pack were stopped nearby where they identified themselves to the police , but they were not arrested as there was no evidence to support their involvement in the disorder at the time . The foursome attacked the Plough and Harrow pub as the shouting soon turned into violence in west London . An investigation was immediately launched by detectives from Hammersmith and Fulham with support from specialist officers from the Central Football Policing unit . Hours of CCTV were carefully in a bid to identify those responsible for the disorder with Childs , Hutchins , Foreman and Pack and all arrested on suspicion of violent disorder on June 9 , 2014 . Chief Inspector Simon Causer said : ` This kind of behaviour is entirely unacceptable to the police , the thousands of law-abiding and genuine football fans , the clubs and the general public . Our hope is that , in light of these convictions and sentences , perpetrators will think very carefully about the consequences of their actions before carrying out football violence . ` Our borough has a proud history in policing successful match day operations and we have extensive experience working together with our residents and businesses to ensure that our communities are safe and able to enjoy this great sport . The quartet later moved up along Kings Street where further acts of violence and disorder took place . Hours of CCTV were carefully in a bid to identify those responsible for the disorder . ` With continued support from our football clubs and local partners we remain resolute in our zero-tolerance policy towards football related violence and we utterly condemn such actions . ' PC Paul Todd , from the Met 's Central Football Unit , said : ` Football violence has reduced over the years but there are still a minority that insist on putting people at risk by fighting in busy streets near members of public . People arrested for football violence do not only get a criminal record but can also receive an order preventing them from attending football matches in the future . ' A spokesperson for QPR , said : ` The vast majority of QPR fans are excellent ambassadors and passionate supporters . However the club takes a zero tolerance position to violence in or around the stadium and will continue to fully cooperate with the police in these rare instances . '