Drilling threes on the buzzer is all good as far as Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James is concerned - the buzzing of drills at the dentist is a whole other story . The 11-time All Star brushed off rough treatment from the Chicago Bulls as his Cavs won on Sunday by saying it 's the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season . ` It 's April , ' James shrugged . But the self-titled King James ' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a fortnight , as shared with his 9.3 million followers on Instagram . ` Back at the dentist and I 'm hearing a bunch of drilling going on behind me from my docs so I had to sit up like , `` What the heck is going on back there . '' Hahaha but seriously what 's up . #DentistNightMares , ' he wrote in his latest chronicle from the dentist 's chair . LeBron James posts an image of himself not especially pleased with the buzzing of drills at the dentist . The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday . LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in their march towards the playoffs . He contributed 20 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists , and one more if he claims credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer at the end of the third quarter . James came crashing back to earth in the room filled with drills and sharp implements on Monday though after his on-fire Cavs accounted for the Bulls with some impressive shooting from outside at key moments proving the difference . On Sunday night LeBron 's rival Joakim Noah was less than hospitable with a heavy foul or two . But the 30-year-old was more bothered by the man in the white coat and his assistant . LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they beat the Bulls for their 50th win of the season . James also takes some credit for telling Kyle Irving to shoot a three from 52-feet on the third quarter buzzer . James -LRB- right -RRB- got the better of his rival Joakim Noah -LRB- 13 -RRB- during a physical encounter on Sunday . His dentist confession comes two weeks after his last tooth-related post in which the four-time NBA MVP took a selfie as a series of instruments were put to work inside his mouth . ` So is this why folks say they hate Monday 's !!??? ' he wrote at the time . Last year , after claiming his second NBA title , he was less subtle simply saying , ` Someone please help me , PLEASE #DestistakaBoogieMan . ' The Cavaliers are flying high with four games to play until the post-season having already confirmed their playoff place behind Atlanta in the Eastern Conference and as winners of the Central division , ahead of the Bulls . ` So is this why folks say they hate Monday 's !!??? ' LeBron wrote with this image a fortnight ago .