A road rage incident caught on camera shows a man as he brutally beats an elderly truck driver for hitting his car on one of America 's busiest highways . The aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore , Maryland , this after the old man hit the aggressor 's car as he changed lanes and , according to the truck driver , cut him off . That is when Tommy Solis , who filmed the incident , drove by with a friend , and tried to break up the fight . Scroll down for video . A man -LRB- left -RRB- was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver -LRB- right -RRB- along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore , Maryland . ` He punched him through the window , and he proceeds to open up the door and pulls him out , and he hits him again and he falls , ' Solis told Fox DC . ` He was just a poor old man , he was just defenseless , you could see it in his face . ' The truck driver tried to ward off his attacker , even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one point , but still the beating continued . The aggressor , driving a Toyota , even refused to stop fighting as Solis and his friend tried to end the attack , and at one point got in the face of Solis ' friend . That is when the friend clocked the man , leaving him out cold on the side of the highway . ` It was more of instinct than anything . We were n't looking for any kind of trouble . We were just trying to keep the guy from getting hurt , ' Solis told ABC 7 . Tommy Solis -LRB- above -RRB- was driving by and filmed the incident , eventually getting out of his car to try and stop the fighting . The man punched , kicked and threw the elderly truck driver -LRB- above -RRB- along the side of the highway . The man refused to stop and got in the face of Solis ' friend -LRB- left -RRB- , who clocked him and left him passed out cold on the side of the road -LRB- right -RRB- . He added in an interview with NBC 11 ; ` He said , `` Nice shot , '' which was hilarious , hilarious . His eyes were slightly open , but he was n't there . When he got knocked out , his feet were still in the road . That 's why I rolled him over so his feet would n't get run over by the truck when he left . ' The incident was never reported to police , and now the Maryland Transportation Authority is investigating , and may file charges .