David Crossley developed large kidney stones . Like many busy people , David Crossley often used to find himself so wrapped up in his working day that he would go without lunch , and often barely stopped for a cup of tea . In fact , David , 63 , a musculoskeletal therapist from Birmingham , admits : ` I would often be so busy at the clinic that I 'd forget to drink any liquid at all , other than the odd cup of tea or coffee . It had been the same way for years - although I would drink more water at weekends . ' Last year , this habit caught up with him . He noticed a vague ache in his abdomen , stretching around to his back . ` It was n't agonising but it just did n't feel quite right , so I went to the GP , ' he says . ` As I had some bloating , he sent me for an ultrasound . ' This revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result , his doctors believe , of his low fluid intake . A CT scan showed that the stones were so large -LRB- 6 mm across -RRB- they could not be passed naturally , and he needed surgery . One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising dramatically . They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys , which eventually build up into a solid lump . They can be excruciatingly painful - on a level , say experts , with childbirth . The stones often remain symptomless while they 're in the kidney . They start causing pain - known as renal colic - once they travel down the ureter , the narrow tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder . ` Renal colic is caused by the stone suddenly blocking the ureter , ' says Mr Leye Ajayi , consultant urological surgeon at the Hospital of St John & St Elizabeth , London . The pain often comes on suddenly and can cause the patient to ` writhe around in agony ' , he adds . The pain can be intense enough to cause nausea and vomiting . Once on the move , a stone can take days or weeks to travel out of the body . In that time , it may cause persistent or intermittent pain in the back , groin or side , a need to urinate more than usual , and pain when urinating . Sometimes , if a stone blocks the exit of urine from the kidney , it can lead to a build-up of bacteria and trigger a kidney infection . Signs of this include a fever , shivering , extreme weakness , diarrhoea , or cloudy and bad-smelling urine . The bad news is that the number of people developing troublesome stones is rocketing . Emergency admissions to hospital for kidney stones have shot up during the past decade by 136 per cent , according to official figures , rising from just above 5,000 to almost 12,000 per year . Meanwhile , the number of people going in for planned non-emergency treatment for stones has almost doubled in the same period , rising from 26,666 in 2004 to 51,340 . The cause for his condition , doctors believe , was low fluid intake . And bizarrely , it may be that healthier lifestyles - doing tough workouts at the gym , and then not drinking enough , or shunning carbohydrates - are partly to blame , and may be why cases are going up , especially among women . ` More men than women used to suffer from kidney stones , with a ratio of about three to one , ' says Mr Ajayi . ` But an increasing number of women now get them , and the ratio is evening up . ' The main cause of kidney stones is dehydration . ` Your kidneys are your waste-disposal system , ' explains Dr Kathryn Griffith , the Royal College of GPs ' clinical champion for kidney care . ` They discard all the waste chemicals produced by your body , and they can do this efficiently if enough liquid is drunk to help flush them through . ` But if you become dehydrated , you overload the kidneys with urine that has a high concentration of stone-forming chemicals , and these begin to bind together to build stones . ' To avoid this , you need to drink enough to ensure your urine is ` the colour of white wine ' , says Dr Griffith - around 1.2 litres a day . You need more during hot weather or after exercise . Changing diet trends are also pushing the figures up . ` There has been a trend , especially in people either wanting to lose weight or bulk up muscle , to eat low-carb , high-protein diets , ' says Dr Griffith . ` The animal proteins found in meat and fish break down into a waste chemical called uric acid -LRB- a known stone-former -RRB- in your urine . They also reduce the amount of citrate -LRB- a stone-inhibitor -RRB- . ` This can lead to uric acid stones forming , especially if you also do n't drink enough fluid to assist the kidneys in their disposal job . ' There are other causes , too . Your kidneys remove sodium , which is the main component of salt , from your body . When they do this , they excrete calcium , too . But low-carb diets could also put you at risk . So the more salt you eat , the more calcium you will have in your urine , which can build into stones . Obesity is another risk factor . ` Obese people are more likely to have insulin resistance -LRB- where the body ca n't use insulin effectively -RRB- , ' says Mr Ajayi . This causes a change to the nature of urine , making it more acidic , which increases the risk of uric acid stones forming in the kidney . Eating excessive amounts of oxalate is another culprit , as it can lead to the formation of calcium oxalate stones - the most common kind . Oxalate-rich foods include tea , spinach , rhubarb , nuts , strawberries , beetroot and chocolate . They are all fine in moderation , but avoid large daily quantities . If you have more than two urinary tract infections within a short space of time , you should ask your GP for an ultrasound to rule out a less common kind of kidney stone called struvite stones , which are caused by a build-up of bacteria from repeated urinary tract infections , adds Dr Griffith . Virtually all stones under 5 mm in diameter can be passed naturally , with only prescription-strength pain relief and medication that relaxes the ureter needed while this happens , says Mr Ajayi . But if a stone is bigger , you may need to have treatment . The most common is extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy -LRB- ESWL -RRB- . This involves sending shock-waves of energy through the skin that break down the stone . ` This works for stones up to about 10 mm in diameter , but not for bigger ones , or for stones that are very hard , ' says Mr Ajayi . ` It 's also ineffective in most cases for people with obesity , as the shock-waves have further to go to reach the stone . ' For bigger or harder stones , a ureteroscopy is performed . Under general anaesthetic , a thin scope is passed up your urethra and a laser is used to break up the stone . For very large stones -LRB- those over 15 mm -RRB- , percutaneous nephrolithotomy -LRB- PCNL -RRB- is used . A nephroscope - a telescope-like device - is inserted through a small incision in your back . The stone is broken up using a combination of high-frequency ultrasound and pneumatic energy -LRB- a bit like a pneumatic drill digging up a road -RRB- . David Crossley had a ureteroscopy at the BMI Priory Hospital , Birmingham , in September . ` I was out the day after my surgery , and although there was some discomfort around my kidneys for a few days , thankfully I 'm now stone-free . ' He knows that a person who has had a stone has a 50 per cent chance of developing them again within five years unless they make changes to their lifestyle . ` The lifestyle changes that can be made to stop stones recurring are the same as those for avoiding them in the first place : proper hydration , low-salt , staying a healthy weight and reducing animal protein , ' says Mr Ajayi . The British Association of Urological Surgeons advises that we should be aiming for no more than four of the following protein portions a day , two of which should be dairy to ensure you have enough calcium : 50-75 g of red meat , chicken or fish ; two eggs ; 1/2 pint of milk ; 50g cheese ; a small pot of yogurt . Mr Ajayi also recommends drinking water with lemon juice in it daily , as the citrate -LRB- a form of acetic acid -RRB- in lemons is a natural stone inhibitor that can prevent calcium from binding with other substances , such as oxalates , that lead to stones . Today , David ensures that he gets enough fluid . ` I did n't know that being too busy to drink enough could lead to kidney stones , ' he says . ` I now drink water religiously ! '