Bald , emaciated and close to death : this is the shocking images on show inside a caged hen farm in Victoria . These were the scenes that greeted Animal Liberation Victoria activists who broke into Wagner 's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March . The photographs they took at the Yarra Valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories . Scroll down for video . Some of the hens found at Wagner 's Poultry Farm were ravaged and dying . Some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition . Eggs were still being produced at the farm despite the poorly hens . Activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions . Amazingly , two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm , but gave it the all clear . However , several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care . ` During multiple investigations in March , our rescue team discovered deformed , sick and dying hens , filthy conditions and immensely dangerous working conditions , which are now being investigated by Worksafe , ' Noah Hannibal president of Animal Liberation Victoria told Daily Mail Australia . Hens continue to lay eggs despite a dead carcase lying in the cage beneath them . Animal Liberation Victoria activists look through the cages to see how healthy the hens are . ` Photos and video were taken of hens with eyeballs hanging out , with mangled beaks , and completely defeathered hens . ` Hens spend over a year in small wire cages , as is standard practice in the egg industry . When they are no longer ` profitable ' they are sent to the slaughterhouse . ` Our rescue team found many hens in urgent need of veterinary attention , who were clearly not receiving any care . ' But the owner of the 6000-bird farm that sells caged , free-range chicken and duck eggs has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly . Two dead hen carcases are just left on the floor of the caged chicken farm . Dirt and dust hang from the hen cages that look as if they have n't been cleaned for ages . Wagner 's Poultry is a family business that has been operating for over 50 years . ` Wagner 's is regularly inspected by the Department of Primary Industries alongside a veterinary practitioner to ensure Wagner 's meets all regulatory requirements and adheres to the industries code of practice , ' the company said in a statement . ` At no time has the industry regulator raised concerns with the animal husbandry practices on Wagner 's property . ` Wagner 's Chicken Picken shed has been specifically designed to ensure that all our poultry is selected in a stress-free environment rather than being chased and caught in the paddock . ' Nothing to see here : One hen with a mangled beak looks forlornly out through its cage . Hundreds of hens stand in rows of cages as they lay eggs in pretty dire conditions . Dirty and emaciated hens stand in their cages with no room to move . The government department responsible for animal welfare in commercial facilities also confirmed two recent inspections did not find any breaches under animal cruelty laws . However , Mr Hannibal maintained that not only is the farm a hell hole for hens , it is also extremely unsafe for workers . ` Narrow and flimsy walkways next to the central cages drop directly into manure pits below , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` This presents a huge danger to any humans working in the shed who are at risk of falling down to the excrement pit a floor below - when they attempt to populate and depopulate the cages , or carry out the ` daily inspection ' required by law . An Animal Liberation Victoria activist lifts up one of the hens to show how bad it looks . Another Animal Liberation Victoria activist takes a dirty and exhausted hen from one of the cages . Webs and dirt hang from the ceiling and cages where the hens as an Animal Liberation Victoria activist looks on in shock . ` Many people consider free range eggs to be an ethical alternative to these cruel battery systems that are in operation . ` But consumers should realise that all eggs , whether they are caged , barn or ` free range ' , cause enormous suffering and death . '