The family of a 24-year-old woman who died of a heroin overdose has penned a candid obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs in a bid to prevent others from losing their lives . On April 16 , Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester , New Hampshire with a needle still in her arm . When police turned up on her father 's door in Saco , Maine , he immediately knew they were there about Molly . Days later , he wrote an obituary announcing her death . ` She made a lot of bad decisions including experimenting with drugs , ' it reads . ` She fought her addiction to heroin for at least five years and had experienced a near fatal overdose before . Loss : Molly Parks , 24 , passed away on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the restaurant where she worked . Her family has written an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs . ` Molly 's family truly loved her and tried to be as supportive as possible as she struggled with the heroin epidemic that has been so destructive to individuals and families in her age bracket . ' The obituary closes with a plea to other families to help their loved ones if they see they are going through the same struggles . ` If you have any loved one 's who are fighting addiction -LSB- sic -RSB- , Molly 's family asks that you do everything possible to be supportive , and guide them to rehabilitation before it is too late , ' it reads . Her father , Tom Parks , said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin . They tried numerous ways to get her to stop , from being nice to being mean , but she continued using the drugs , he told NPR . Then last August , while staying with her aunt in Manchester , she overdosed and was found passed out in the bathroom , he told WMUR . She was rushed to hospital and went to rehab on three separate occasions . Heartbroken : Her father , Tom Parks , said he knew that when police turned up on his doorstep , they were there about Molly . He pleaded with other families to ` stay right on top ' of loved ones with addictions . Loved : Tom Parks shared this image showing him with Molly when she was little . Candid : The obituary pleads with families to be supportive and get help for their loved ones with addictions . Despite her struggles , she remained a vivacious personality who loved theater , fashion and reading Harry Potter , according to her obituary . She ` will always be remembered for fearless personality and her trademark red lipstick , ' it reads . The weekend before her death , she had visited her father and stepmother in Maine . She was working as a delivery driver for the pizza restaurant and seemed to be doing well , Tom Parks said . But days later , she was found inside the restaurant 's bathroom with the needle in her arm . ` Do n't believe your addict is clean , ' her father told WMUR . ` Do n't do it . You have to be diligent . Stay right on top of them . ' On Facebook , her sister Kasey also shared her honest thoughts about her sister 's passing . Battle : Molly had visited her dad and stepmom just days before she passed away and seemed to be doing well , they said . They remembered her as someone who loved fashion , theater and red lipstick . ` Young people need to realize that they are n't invincible , ' she wrote on her Facebook page . ` Please ask yourself this : is this really worth putting my family and friends through this tragedy if I were to pass away , just so that way I can get that one last high . Every drug abuser/user would probably say yes the gamble is worth it . The families would say it 's not . ' She went on : ` All my family and I want to do is save a restless soul by spreading awareness of this raging epidemic that needs to be a controlled somehow in someway . ` RIP my memories of you will never die , neither will my love for you . '