It 's not just UV rays that suncreams now protect against - some new products claim to stop the damage from infra-red A rays , too . Meanwhile others say they protect the skin from the inside . But are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying ? Here , Dr Bav Shergill , a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead , offers his verdict . And we rate them ... A new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside . Here , consultant dermatologist Bav Shergill gives his verdict . Dr Skin 's Suncare Lotion And Sun Drink . £ 11.90 for five 60 ml shots and 100 ml lotion , dr-skins.com . CLAIMS : SPF 30 suncream containing UVA and UVB protection , plus pack of five 60 ml liquid food supplement shots - these contain vitamin E , lycopene , vitamin C , beta-carotene and other nutrients for skin health . EXPERT VERDICT : ` A bit of a gimmick - the concept is you are protecting the skin from the inside out with antioxidants found in fruit and vegetables . ` There 's no evidence that drinking this would stop sun damage . ` The suncream is ok , but it 's pretty standard . ' 5/10 . Ladival Sun Protection , SPF 30 . £ 19.99 for 150 ml spray , from Boots and supermarkets . CLAIMS : First mainstream product to protect against infra-red A rays as well as UVA and UVB . Also has antioxidants . Offers ` protection against four times more of the sun 's rays ' . EXPERT VERDICT : ` The effects of infra-red A rays on the skin is an emerging field of research . ` A recent study suggests antioxidants may stop damage from infra-red A. ` I 'd plump for Factor 50 rather than Factor 30 - although some argue this only improves protection by 3 per cent . ` You can get the same UVA and UVB protection from cheaper products . ' 6/10 . Dr Skin 's lotion and sun drink comes with liquid food supplement shots , while Ladival is the first product to protect against infra-red A rays as well as UVA and UVB . Goldfaden MD Sun Visor Oil Free Spray , SPF 30 . £ 40 for 80 ml , Space NK stores . CLAIMS : This protects against UVA/UVB rays - it contains titanium oxide , oxtinoxate , benzophenone and organic red tea extract . Developed by a U.S. dermatologist , it is said to be the first over-the-counter sunscreen that is ` physician strength ' . EXPERT VERDICT : ` Titanium oxide reflects UVA and UVB rays off the skin , while oxtinoxate absorbs UV rays and converts them to heat , so it does n't damage DNA - most good suncreams should contain these . ` Physician strength ' sounds impressive , but I 'm not sure what it means . ` Organic red tea might help mop up the harmful molecules produced as a result of UV exposure . ` It 's expensive and I 'd opt for a Factor 50 product . ' 6/10 . Mustela is made from a avocado based ingredient , which ` aids development of the skin 's barrier . Mustela Very High Protection Sun Lotion SPF 50 + . £ 14.95 for 100 ml , from independent pharmacies . CLAIMS : Avocado Perseose -LRB- a patented ingredient based on avocados , which have a high vitamin E content -RRB- , aids development of the cutaneous -LRB- skin -RRB- barrier and preserves the wealth of cells in babies ' skin . EXPERT VERDICT : ` This is easily absorbed and free of parabens -LRB- preservatives -RRB- and fragrance so would be good for a baby 's sensitive skin as it wo n't cause irritation . ` Children are more likely to burn as their skin is still developing . ` Avocado oil is a good moisturiser , but it 's not clear how it ` aids the development of the cutaneous barrier ' . ` I 'd say there are cheaper products that would work as well . ' 7/10 . Actinica Lotion . £ 19.99 for 80g , larger branches of Superdrug and Lloyds Pharmacies and pharmacy2u.co.uk . CLAIMS : For the prevention of non-melanoma skin cancer in at-risk patients -LRB- e.g. those who have a suppressed immune system , such as transplant patients -RRB- . Protects against UVA and UVB . No SPF listed . EXPERT VERDICT : ` This product was tested for two years on immuno-suppressed patients who are at high risk of non-melanoma skin cancers , because they take drugs which suppress the body 's defence cells which also destroy early cancer cells . ` Patients who 've already had non-melanoma skin cancers might find it reassuring to use . ' 8/10 . Wilko Moisturising Sun Lotion SPF 50 . £ 2 for 50 ml , from Wilko stores . CLAIMS : A UVA and UVB sunscreen . EXPERT VERDICT : ` This does what it says on the label . ` It has the same UVA and UVB protection ingredients as other more expensive creams , plus it is water resistant , and easily absorbed . ' 9/10 . Actinica aims to prevent non-melanoma skin cancer in at-risk patients while Calypso contains UVA and UVB protection , is water resistant and wo n't stain clothes . Sun Ceutic 50 Anti-Ageing Sun Protection SPF 50 . £ 31 for 50 ml , from uniqueskin.com . CLAIMS : This is said to prevent photo ageing -LRB- sun-induced skin damage -RRB- and sun spots and contains a ` powerful stem cell stimulator ' ; also contains hyaluronic acid , zinc oxide , titanium oxide and aloe vera . EXPERT VERDICT : ` All Factor 50 suncreams with UVA and UVB protection should protect against photo damage and sun spots . ` Hyaluronic acid is used as an anti-ageing treatment to restore lost volume in the skin , but there 's limited evidence it has the same effect in a cream . ` It 's not clear what the ` stem cell stimulator ' is . ` This is the Holy Grail in skin care as it would reset the clock on skin cells , but I 'm not aware that anybody has managed to do this yet . ' 6/10 . Calypso All School Day Long Once A Day Lotion SPF 40 . £ 17.99 for 150 ml , from Tesco , Sainsbury , and Aldi -LRB- £ 7 from Matalan -RRB- . CLAIM : Contains UVA and UVB protection , it 's water resistant and wo n't stain clothes . EXPERT VERDICT : ` This is OK for a school situation as children are mainly indoors . ` Suncream needs to be reapplied about every two hours if you are out in the sun because the creams get rubbed off - so this is not quite the once-a-day panacea you might anticipate . ' 7/10 .