In the end it took a searching ball from the cultured boot of Andrea Pirlo to settle this tie , a 70-yard pass that caught out Ricardo Carvalho for pace . This was far from a masterful performance by the Juventus midfielder , but he was entitled to ease himself in to this Champions League tie . Pirlo had , after all , been out for seven weeks with a calf injury before he was called upon to start this quarter-final tie . His 57th-minute pass , which sailed over the heads of the players in both teams towards the target of Alvaro Morata , led to the controversial moment when Czech referee Pavel Kralovec awarded a penalty . Carvalho , who had been immense alongside Aymen Abdennour in the heart of the Monaco defence , collided with the Juventus forward as he made his way towards goal . Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal steps up to score from the spot against Monaco in Tuesday 's Champions League quarter-final first leg . Monaco defenders Fabinho -LRB- left -RRB- and Andrea Raggi watch on as Vidal strikes home a penalty to give Juventus the lead in the second half . Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic can only watch on as Vidal sends him the wrong way and puts the ball into the top corner . The Chile international lets out a roar after giving his side the lead from the spot as goalkeeper Subasic looks on at the Juventus Stadium . Vidal celebrates and punches the air as Juventus gained the advantage against Ligue 1 side Monaco on Tuesday night . Juventus fans are rapturous as the team celebrate having taken the lead on 57 minutes after Ricardo Carvalho gave away the penalty . Ricardo Carvalho keeps his eye on the ball but trips Alvaro Morata to give away a penalty - initial contact was seemingly outside of the area . Referee Pavel Kralovec pointed to the penalty spot after Carvalho and Morata crashed to the ground inside the area . Juventus forward Carlos Tevez , pictured with Monaco defender Aymen Abdennour -LRB- left -RRB- , showed off his impressive body art at full-time . JUVENTUS : Buffon 7 ; Lichsteiner 6 , Bonucci 6.5 , Chiellini 7 , Evra 6.5 ; Vidal 6 , Pirlo 6 -LRB- Barzagli 74 , 6 -RRB- , Marchisio 6 ; Tevez 7 , Pereyra 7 -LRB- Sturaro , 87 -RRB- , Morata 6 -LRB- Matri , 83 -RRB- . Substitutes : Storari , Pepe , Llorente , Padoin . Scorer : Vidal -LRB- pen -RRB- , 57 . Manager - Massimiliano Allegri : 6.5 . MONACO : Subasic 7 ; Raggi 6 -LRB- Berbatov 71 -RRB- , Carvalho 7 , Abdennour 7.5 , Kurzawa 6.5 ; Joao Moutinho 7 , Fabinho 6 , Kondogbia 6.5 ; Dirar 6.5 -LRB- Silva 51 , 6 -RRB- , Martial 7 -LRB- Matheus Carvalho , 87 -RRB- , Ferreira-Carrasco 7 . Substitutes : Stekelenburg , Wallace , Germain , Elderson . Booked : Carvalho . Manager - Leonardo Jardim : 6.5 . Referee : Pavel Kralovec -LRB- Czech -RRB- 5 . Man of the match : Abdennour . Arturo Vidal settled it from the spot , putting Juve into a lead that they will need to defend when they travel to Stade Louis II for the second leg of this quarter-final next Wednesday . It is far from over . Juve 's coach Massimiliano Allegri knows that , saving the legs of Pirlo by replacing him with the defensive mind of Andrea Barzagli a few minutes after Vidal 's opener . This team , who have set the pace all season in Serie A and are 12 points clear of their nearest rivals Lazio , were a touch disappointing in this first leg . Carlos Tevez , who has scored six goals in the Champions League , dropped off in search of the ball in to feet from Pirlo , but this was not his night . Alongside him Roberto Pereyra faded after a bright opening and Morata 's contribition was the incident which led to Juventus being awarded their penalty . Before that Pirlo had patrolled the centre of Juve 's midfield with his usual classy touches , prodding around without being able to influence the tie in a way that he would have wanted . Even so they failed to score in the opening 45 minutes because Vidal , usually so dependable in this Juve team , could not find the target . Everything was wayward , earning a deserved rebuke from Tevez when he screwed wildly over the crossbar of Monaco keeper Danijel Subasic . Pirlo gave him the eyes after he missed another chance , streaking down the left before his right foot shot flew into the stands . In many way this was a subdued Juve performance , falling short of the standards they set when they beat Borussia Dortmund 5-1 on aggregate in the second round . Expectations have been raised . They would dearly love to reach another final , to win the Europen Cup for the third time in their history , but it will take something special to beat the best teams left in the tournament after the second legs are played next week . There is no guarantee they will survive the second leg because Leonardo Jardim ' s team are an adventurous bunch , playing without fear after their fine run in the competition . They had chances here , notably from Yannick Ferreira-Carrasco , the man who scored Monaco 's third goal at the Emirates on that memorable night in the previous round . Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia blocks an effort at goal from Juventus forward Tevez on the edge of the area . Monaco frontman Yannick Ferreira Carrasco fires the ball towards goal past Juventus defender Patrice Evra during Tuesday night 's clash . Juventus pair Giorgio Chiellini and Vidal lose out to Monaco forward Anthony Martial in an aerial duel . Monaco wideman Nabil Dirar gets the better of Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo during the quarter-final first leg clash in Turin . Monaco forward Anthony Martial and Juventus ' Chile international Arturo Vidal do battle for the ball midway through the first half . This time he had the formidable figure of Gianluigi Buffon to beat and failed to take the chances created for him in the tenth and 12th minute . After that Monaco sat back , allowing Tevez space at the back post to draw a save from Subasic and giving left-back Patrice Evra scope to maraud down the flank . Ultimately this tie was decided from the penalty spot , a complex and strange decision that was made after a long pause by the Czech match official . Vidal took the chance , but Pirlo was the undisputed match-winner . Andrea Pirlo patrolled the Juventus midfield having been sidelined for seven weeks through injury - click HERE for our brilliant Match Zone . Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini pushes Monaco 's Martial off the ball to regain possession for the home team . Stephane Lichsteiner -LRB- right -RRB- and Claudio Marchisio gang up on Monaco frontman Ferreira-Carassco in a bid to dispossess the Belgian . Monaco 's Portugal international Joao Moutinho gets the better of Pirlo in the air at the Juventus Stadium . Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi looks on with clenched fists after making a save for the Serie A champions on Tuesday evening . Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri gives his side instructions from the touchline during the Champions League tie against Monaco . The two sides line up on the Juventus Stadium pitch ahead of kick-off before Tuesday 's Champions League clash in Italy .