There 's nothing like a romantic proposal to warm the heart - especially when it is on a mountain peak in Hawaii , an exotic sandy beach or beneath the Eiffel Tower . Now you can live these most romantic of moments vicariously online as loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website HowHeAsked.com and Instagram account HowHeAsked . Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples ' touching proposal stories . Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked . One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be . At the top of a tough hiking trail in Hawaii , known as Stairway to Heaven , one bride-to-be was taken by surprise . ` I started to get down off the rather steep rock , but Andrew turned around and began talking about how this beautiful hike reminded him of our relationship -- exciting , tough at times but yet of unimaginably beautiful , ' she reveals . ` Even as he started to talk , I had no idea what was going on , but then he got down on one knee and asked me to marry him . With shaky legs and so many tears in my eyes , I said yes . ' Another high-altitude proposal , this one in Norway , was captured by the groom 's brother across the valley . At the top of a steep hiking trail in Hawaii , known as Stairway to Heaven , one bride-to-be was taken by surprise . ` With shaky legs and so many tears in my eyes , I said yes , ' she reveals . This enchanting image features an emotional bride-to-be being serenaded by her husband-to-be . The bride-to-be explained : ` Connor grabbed my hand and when I turned around he was on one knee holding my beautiful ring . ` The request was simple , no poems or fluff , he just looked at me and said `` Will you marry me '' he had watery eyes and I was frozen . ` The first thing I said out of my mouth was `` Are you serious ? '' I could n't express the joy , surprise , and all other emotions I felt . ' One simple black an white image of a man on crutches with his emotional girlfriend is accompanied by a heartwarming tale of love triumphing over adversity . ` About nine months into our relationship , Justin got into a motorcycle accident . All the doctors kept telling us was that it was really bad and that we should hope for the best , but expect the worst , ' explains the bride-to-be . Another high-altitude proposal was captured by the groom 's brother across the valley in Norway.The bride-to-be explained : ` I was shocked , the first thing I said out of my mouth was `` Are you serious ? '' ' A romantic moment under Sleeping Beauty 's castle in Disney World . The couple posted : ` Disney fans , this one 's for you ! ' ` After some very long and hard weeks in the ICU , Justin came out of his coma , and I thank God every day for allowing my sweet man to stay with me longer . ` The accident did leave him as a paraplegic , but he 's truly defied the odds in his recovery since . On our two-year anniversary , especially , Justin surprised me by getting up out of his chair , walking towards me , and getting down on one knee to ask me to marry him . ' One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be . ` While I was slowly getting ready , Kent was secretly agonizing over whether we would make it on time , ' revealed the happy bride . A rush of emotion at sunset . One couple shared this touching moment via HowHeAsked . A heartwarming moment on a cold day : One brave groom shared this image of getting down on one knee in the snow . ` He never let me see him lose his cool and I had no idea he was nervous . I just figured he was excited for his birthday and to see the Eiffel Tower . ' A couple who shared their Venice proposal two months ago were celebrating their 10-year anniversary . The future bride said of their adventure : ` When he pointed to the pin placed on Venice , Italy , my heart stopped . ' One enchanting image of a girl being serenaded by her violinist partner by the sea captures an emotional moment . One happy girlfriend is thrown off balance by this snowy proposal . One very public proposal was captured when a brave groom dropped to one knee in front of a packed stadium to propose to his cheerleader girlfriend . The bride reveals : ` He led me by the hand through the rose petals to a spot at the end of the rocks . The sky was a watercolor canvas of blues and golds and the loveliest hues of pink . ` It felt like we were out in the middle of the ocean -- just me and him . I did n't cry immediately ... but then his eyes locked on mine as he started to play and I lost it . ' Another very public proposal was captured when a groom dropped to one knee in front of a packed stadium to propose to his cheerleader girlfriend . ` It was my third and final year cheering for the St. Louis Rams , so when the last game of the season came around , it was already a very emotional day for me , ' explains the cheerleader . A sunny smile at a sunrise proposal in Haleakali volcano in Hawaii . This simple black and white image of a man on crutches and his elated girlfriend tells an inspiring story of love triumphing over adversity . ` After our halftime performance , the whole team was asked to come to the 50-yard line to watch a `` tribute to the cheerleaders '' video . ` But when the video began , it was apparent that we were NOT watching a tribute . Instead , we were watching a beautiful video Drew put together for me . After the video , Drew started walking towards centerfield . He got down on one knee and I said yes in front of 55,851 of our closest friends ' Another couple who shared their special moment beneath Sleeping Beauties castle in Disney World simply posted : ` Disney fans , this one 's for you ! ' So whether you 're a nervous boyfriend looking for inspiration or just a good old fashioned romantic , there 's inspiration waiting . Visit HowHeAsked.com and its Instagram page @HowHeAsked for more proposal stories and pictures .