A young choirmaster at an exclusive private school took a vulnerable student 's virginity just months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher , a court heard . Edward Moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at King Edward 's School in Witley , Surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office . After the incident , the 24-year-old said to her : ` Oh my God , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day . ' Moore , from Ascot , Berkshire , was jailed for nine months on Friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years . A choirmaster at King Edward 's School -LRB- above -RRB- in Witley , Surrey , took a vulnerable student 's virginity just months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher , a court heard . He had only been working for a few months when he began to grow close to the student . The girl came to him in November 2012 to reveal she had been touched inappropriately by another music teacher when she was aged just 13 . Moore , who was the girl 's choirmaster , had only been at the school for a few months . Gary Ponds , prosecuting at Guildford Crown Court , told how Moore had taken on a counselling role for the traumatised young girl , who can not be identified for legal reasons . He said : ` Their relationship over time developed until it was past the point of a proper teaching relationship . ' While Moore did not teach the girl he was in position of authority as her choirmaster . After rumours began circulating at the £ 29,000-a-year school , which Sally Bercow previously attended , the headmaster warned Moore not to spend any more time alone with the pupil or let her into his office . But their friendship blossomed into a sexual relationship over the summer of 2013 . They sometimes spent Friday nights together and secretly travelled to Westminster Abbey and the Isle of Wight on trips . Mr Ponds said that on one Friday Moore asked if the student wanted have sexual intercourse . Gary Ponds , prosecuting at Guildford Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- , told how Edward Moore , 24 , had taken on a counselling role for the traumatised young girl , who can not be identified for legal reasons . He continued : ` She agrees and that is what happened . She made it clear that she was a virgin at the time . ` It was abundantly clear throughout that this was an emotionally fragile girl . ' There was no further sexual activity and Moore , who did not use a condom , cut communication with the pupil . She later rang Childline because she was feeling suicidal and confessed about the tryst to a school chaplain , who was obliged to tell the school . Judge Peter Moss said the impact of Moore 's offending had forced the schoolgirl to move to another school and left her with ` long term implications on her education and her future dreams ' . He described her as a ` bright and ambitious girl ' . He added : ` Her emotions have been in a high degree of mess because of your actions . ` You knew of her vulnerabilities , that is how you came to be in the proximity . Taking her on trips amounts to a grooming of her . ` It appears by this stage she was starry-eyed and in love with you and you expressed the same to her . The £ 29,000-a-year school was previously attended by Sally Bercow , pictured -LRB- above -RRB- in 2014 . ` The following week you took her virginity without a condom . These are all aggravating features . ` You stole her innocence . ' Moore , dressed in a white shirt and blue tie , wiped his eyes as details of his victim 's trauma were read to the court . Rina-Marie Hill , defending , said Moore had struggled to cope with the pressure of hearing the details of the student 's previous abuse in his first term of work , having no experience of teaching or any training . She said : ` He was n't allocated the complainant to look after , she came to him and for a significant time their relationship was a proper student-teacher relationship . ` The activity ceased because of Mr Moore 's actions - he realised he had gone too far and he distanced himself from the complainant . ' The choirmaster described the two instances of sexual activity over two weeks as a ` horrific mistake ' that he would ` pay for for the rest of his life , ' the court heard . Ms Hill added : ` He will never teach again and he will have this conviction on his record for the rest of his life . ' Judge Moss told the court he found it ` impossible ' to avoid imposing an immediate custodial sentence , despite Moore 's early admission of guilt and previous ` exemplary ' character . Sentencing he said : ` It is abundantly clear that you have much to offer and that this is out of character . ` But the message must be understood by those in positions of trust , however young . ` You were 23 , an intelligent man who knew what you were dealing with . You knew that she had immature , young and fragile emotions and there can be no mercy for someone who abuses that . ' Moore will also be put on the Sex Offenders Register and will be barred from working with children . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .