Most scientists agree that a bit of stress is good for you , stimulating your body to produce an important hormone called cortisol . But too much is bad for your health and now an expert has revealed exactly why in a video . In it she reveals why prolonged periods of stress - due to money and work , for example - can inhibit the immune system and even lead to weaker bones . Scroll down for video . A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video -LRB- still image shown -RRB- . Limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol . This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln for the American Chemical Society . Cortisol is known as the ` stress hormone ' . Normally , it 's present in the body at higher levels in the morning , and at its lowest at night . Although stress is n't the only reason that cortisol is secreted into the bloodstream , it has been termed the ` stress hormone ' as it is released when the body is in ` fight or flight ' mode . As she explains , when you encounter a stressful situation ` your body will start releasing -LSB- the hormones -RSB- adrenaline and norepinephrine within seconds to prepare you to fight - or more likely , take flight . ' After a minute or two your body is flooded with cortisol , which is vital in keeping you healthy in tense situations . Cortisol puts more glucose into your bloodstream so that when the adrenaline is gone you do n't crash . ` It also kicks your liver into gear , pumping out the extra glucose that 's now sloshing around inside of you , ' Dr Burks explained . But if you stay stressed for too long , it can have negative effects . After a minute or two of being stressed -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- , your body is flooded with cortisol , which is vital in keeping you healthy in tense situations . But too much will lower your immune system , and could also make your bones more fragile , according to Dr Raychelle Burks from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln . ` Cortisol inhibits some of your immune responses , meaning you 're more likely to get sick and it takes longer for wounds to heal , ' Dr Burks continued . ` Cortisol also slows bone growth , meaning sustained levels can lead to weaker , more fragile bones . ` And because cortisol acts on a part of your brain that controls appetite , it also increases your desire for fatty and sugary foods . ' One positive side effect of too much cortisol , though , is that cortisol is good at reducing swelling or itching in its medical form - known as hydrocortisone . However , remaining stressed for too long is still not advisable - and Dr Burks recommends eating healthy food , exercising and getting plenty of sleep to beat stress .