Lucky : Selena Dicker , 38 , outran the avalanche on Mount Everest in the wake of the Nepal quake . A British climber has cheated death on Everest for the second time in a year , it emerged last night . As rescuers faced a desperate race against time to airlift stranded climbers off the world 's highest peak after the devastating earthquake on Saturday night , Selina Dicker described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp . Miss Dicker , 38 , from London , was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group . The tragedy forced Miss Dicker , head of lending for finance company Europa Capital Mezzanine , to abandon her first attempt on the summit . Miss Dicker -- who was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg , who died in Saturday 's avalanche -- described the ordeal in a satellite phone call to her mother Gail Dicker at her home in Ranworth , Norfolk . Mrs Dicker , 61 , said : ` She 's a very lucky girl . I just want to see her home . Others in her group tried to out-run it and one of them was killed and two were seriously hurt . ' Miss Dicker , who was born with a cleft palate , had been trying to raise £ 45,000 for Operation Smile , which provides surgery for children with the condition . Her mother said : ` She wanted to go back and have another go . I tried to talk her out of it as any mother would , but she is a determined and independent woman of 38 and you can not tell them what to do . ` I am hoping her father will talk her out of it if she wants to go back again . She listens to him more than me . ' Six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since the earthquake triggered a ` tsunami ' of ice and rock which crushed Base Camp , killing at least 18 people and injuring dozens more . Bad weather , continued aftershocks , and poor communication have scuppered subsequent trips , leaving hundreds stranded . Climber Alex Staniforth , 19 , from Chester , said on Twitter that he was ` very lucky to be alive ' after being evacuated to Base Camp . But while some climbers were able to tweet and update their Facebook pages , others were cut off from communications , leaving worried families in Britain desperate for news . Up to 70 Britons are unaccounted for . Traveller Samuel Beckett , 23 , from Leicester , is missing and his father Martin said : ` We have not heard anything . We just keep watching the news and keep looking through the social media sites . ' Among the other stories emerging from the disaster zone were : . Miss Dicker , from Fulham , southwest London , escaped the wall of snow and rocks as it tore through the Everest base camp on Saturday morning , by running for her life and seeking shelter from a ridge . Tragedy : Miss Dicker , front left , was part of the same climbing party as Google Executive Dan Fredinburg , far top right , who died in the avalanche on Saturday . CUT OFF AND PRAYING FOR A HELICOPTER . Awaiting rescue yesterday , newlyweds Sam and Alex Chappatte were in good spirits as they tweeted from the mountain : ` All Alex keeps talking about is her need for a glass of wine . Some of us are more chilled out than others . ' As the adventurous couple , both 28 , spent a third night halfway up Everest , Alex 's sister Liz Schneider , 23 , said : ` The ordeal is n't over . They have not been able to get off yet . ` We are just keeping our fingers crossed and hoping they can get to safety soon . ' Awaiting rescue yesterday , newlyweds Sam and Alex Chappatte were in good spirits as they tweeted from the mountain . Video has emerged of the moment the earthquake hit Mount Everest and triggered a massive avalanche . The Chappattes , who married two weeks ago in Chelsea , London , tweeted earlier yesterday : ` Trying to get a chopper . ' They then wrote ` fog creeping up the valley ' . The newlyweds have described how they saw an ` avalanche coming straight at us ' and were blown over by a blast of wind . They scrambled to shelter behind other tents and had to keep making air holes in the snow to breathe as the avalanche engulfed them . DESPERATE SOS FROM MISSING TREKKER . The family of a missing British woman has received an SOS message saying her group is trapped without food and water and in desperate need of medical assistance . Yoga student Susannah Ross , 20 , has not been in contact since she left for a trek in the remote valleys in the Langtang National Park on Friday . One of her fellow walkers -- from South Africa -- managed to send a message to his mother saying the group needed help . Yoga student Susannah Ross , 20 , has not been in contact since she left for a trek in the remote valleys in the Langtang National Park on Frida . Susannah 's sister Nina , 25 , from Bath , Somerset , said : ` Someone has managed to text or something saying they are stuck in an area with 15 other trekkers . They have sent the co-ordinates but said in the message that some are injured and that they do n't have any food or water and that they really need to be rescued . They have said they need a helicopter to get out . ` All the roads around them are ruined and they ca n't get out . We are frantically trying to work out a way of reaching her and getting her help . ' THE PHONE CALLS ... AND THE GRIM SILENCE . Gap-year volunteer Anna Buchanan , 18 , from New Malden , was missing for more than 24 hours until she contacted her distraught mother Pauline , who said : ` As I spoke to her there was another tremor . Everyone started screaming , it was just awful . ' Saad Hikmet , from Mill Hill , whose son Jonathan , 25 , has not been heard of since the disaster , said : ` He was on a trek of Northern Nepal with yoga instructors and they 've been going around for a month . Now we just want to know that he 's safe . ' Philip Green , 30 , originally from St John 's Wood , London , was still missing yesterday . His brother Rob said : ` Obviously we are extremely worried at the moment . It 's a nightmare for us . ' Barbara and Ian Nightingale , who are from Nottingham and in their 60s , were believed to be trekking in Nepal at the time of the quake . A couple from Carshalton in south London -- Chloe Pincho and Brennan White -- were trekking up Everest at the time of the disaster , but last night made contact . Pensioner Ann McNeil , from New Milton , Hampshire , was on an adventure holiday with her two brothers . Daughter Karen Korvin , 40 , had set up an urgent appeal for information and announced last night that they had been found . She wrote online : ` I love you , Mum , please come home safely . ' Leicester University has paid tribute to post-graduate medical student Marisa Eve Girawong , from New Jersey in the United States , who was killed in the tragedy . Holby City actress Catherine Russell tweeted a picture of a relative , Mike Russell , who was missing . The 42-year-old has since been found . Climbers could be seen sprinting away from the wall of snow and taking refuge in their tents at base camp . ALTITUDE SICKNESS SAVES AMANDA HOLDEN 'S SISTER . Amanda Holden said her sister was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness . The Britain 's Got Talent judge said Debbie Holden had sent a text message to let her family know she had survived the avalanche . Miss Holden said of her sister , a scuba-diving instructor : ` It 's awful , I can barely speak . I 'm still quite numb . It 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal . ' She said Debbie had not yet reached Base Camp , where the avalanche struck , because she had been ill and had stopped to recover . Amanda Holden said her sister Debbie was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness .