` My , my ! At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender , ' sang Sweden 's fab four in their famous Eurovision Song Contest winner . Now this may come as a surprise , but you would be well advised not to rely on Abba to help with your history homework . If Benny and Bjorn actually laboured under this surrendering misapprehension when they wrote their song -LRB- songwriters are not hot on facts -- happy to say anything as long as it rhymes -RRB- , they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo , just south of Brussels in Belgium . View of Hougoumont farmhouse from The Lion 's Mound or Butte du Lion on the battlefield of Waterloo , Belgium . Judging by the photo of Abba 's visit , prominently on view in the museum , the group seems to have been treated to a rapturous limousine procession through the town . My , my : the people of Waterloo must have been delighted . Napoleon certainly did n't surrender at Waterloo . There was a long day 's fighting on that June day in 1815 and a very shaky start for the UK team , but thanks to some late-arriving Prussian assistance , the boy Wellington eventually done good . When Napoleon saw that things were going badly , he hot-footed it to Paris , where he later abdicated . Shortly afterwards , Boney was taken by the British to the remote Atlantic isle of St Helena , where he died six years later in circumstances that merited the forensic attentions of a Miss Marple . ` Waterloo ' quickly entered the English language as a synonym for ` a decisive defeat ' . But while the British know what happened when Napoleon met his Waterloo , the French-speaking world is less convinced . Battle of Waterloo reenactors stand in historic costume , with rifles and flags . Belgium is divided into two halves : Flemish-speaking and French-speaking . It is unfortunate for anniversary-celebrating purposes that Waterloo lies in the French half where the locals are preparing to mark the bicentenary of the Battle of Waterloo -- with Napoleon as the unchallenged star of the show . Local Anglo-Belgian entrepreneur Anthony Martin has invested a substantial financial stake in plans for marking the anniversary by turning a Templar hospice on the edge of the battlefield into a magnificent restaurant-cum-brewery -LRB- where he brews Waterloo beer , of course -RRB- and a museum looking at the surgical side of the battle -LRB- not for the squeamish -RRB- . It would be fair to say that Mr Martin is not best pleased by the outbreak of Napoleon-worship . He points to the poster advertising the re-enactment event which will be taking place this summer over four days from June 18 to 21 ; the photograph shows a giant , heroic Napoleon towering over the smaller , less impressive figures of Wellington and Prussian leader Blucher . ` It 's ridiculous , ' says Mr Martin . ` The French-speaking world refuses to believe Napoleon lost the battle . A painting of the Battle of Waterloo ; 2015 marks the 200th anniversary of the battle . As far as they 're concerned , he scored some sort of moral victory . He lost . But they wo n't accept it . ' However , the French-speaking world -- and especially the French -- do n't figure very significantly in the numbers of tourists who visit the famous battlefield site every year . The British -- and the English-speaking nations of the world -- remain fascinated by the victory and the bloody manner in which it was achieved . Actually , horror-seeking tourists visited the battlefield almost before they had finished burying the bodies . Poet Lord Byron , something of a Bonaparte fan , suddenly found he had time to visit the battlefield when his lavish coach , modelled on Napoleon 's battle carriage , broke down on his journey from the Channel to the south . ` My , my ! At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender ! ' Abba pictured in the town of Waterloo , Belgium in 1974 . In a Top Gear moment , Byron treated himself to a charge across the battleground on a large Cossack horse he had hired , making himself perhaps the first battlefield tourist . Hard on his heels came Poet Laureate Robert Southey ; Sir Walter Scott ; the artist Turner ; and , a few years later , William Wordsworth . It 's worth recalling that Wordsworth , as a young man , had welcomed the French Revolution -LRB- ` Bliss was it in that dawn to be alive ... ' -RRB- but rapidly shifted his political stance to somewhere far to the right of Attila the Hun . Soon Waterloo was established as one of the great continental sights . It was British tourists visiting Waterloo who discovered the neglected city of Bruges -- largely derelict after its access to the sea silted up -- and helped to finance its restoration . There was an unmistakable sense that Waterloo had been a defining moment in history : Europe had been reshaped and , the odd Franco-German conflict apart , peace reigned for a century . The pleasure of the area around Waterloo is that in many ways it has barely changed . A statue sits atop the Lion 's Mound , which commemorates the battlefield at Waterloo , Belgium . If you have time , follow the progress of the conflict along La Route Napoleon -- what else ? -- from Beaumont , where he camped near the French border on June 14 , to the fields south of Waterloo where he was defeated four days later . Despite facing superior forces with a hastily assembled army , it is extraordinary that Napoleon came very close to victory . Wellington reflected : ` It has been a damned serious business . Blucher and I have lost 30,000 men -- the nearest run thing you ever saw in your life ... ' Unbelievable for me was encountering the present Duke of Wellington in the flesh at Waterloo . He was attending the opening ceremony for a new exhibition at the Wellington Museum on the ` Shared Destinies ' of Wellington and Napoleon , who fought each other often but never met . It runs until the end of July . My favourite exhibit is Lord Uxbridge 's wooden leg . At the end of the battle , Uxbridge was riding near Wellington when they came under cannon fire . ` By God , sir , I 've lost my leg ! ' announced Uxbridge , to which Wellington replied : ` By God , sir , so you have ! ' Uxbridge was taken to the town of Waterloo , where his right leg was amputated above the knee . His only recorded comment during the operation was : ` The knives appear somewhat blunt . ' Presumably he had taken advantage of the pint of gin offered as anaesthetic to anyone facing an amputation . The severed leg was buried behind the house and its grave became a tourist attraction . Sadly it is no more , but you can see his wooden limb in the museum . Perhaps the most interesting sight on the battlefield is Hougoumont farm , whose heroic defence by the British is recognised as the pivotal moment of the battle . Efforts to restore the property and turn it into a museum were for a long time frustrated by lack of funds , but the project was rescued last year following the intervention of Chancellor George Osborne who , it turned out , was something of a battlefield enthusiast . An injection of £ 1 million has ensured Hougoumont will open to the public for the first time for the celebrations in June , with guests able to stay in a self-catering cottage within the farm -- and as far as I could tell from my visit last month , Hougoumont is a Napoleon-free zone . May marks the 75th anniversary of Operation Dynamo , the evacuation of Allied troops from Dunkirk . Dunkirk . While June marks the anniversary of a glorious victory , May sees the 75th anniversary of what has sometimes been referred to as a glorious failure : Operation Dynamo -- the evacuation of Allied troops from the beaches near Dunkirk from May 26 to June 4 , 1940 . The extraordinary rescue , the largest evacuation in military history , saw 338,226 soldiers brought home to England in the face of ferocious bombing from German aircraft . Walk along the wide beach at Zuydcoote , a 15-minute drive from the centre of Dunkirk , and at first glance there is little to hint at the awful scenes of death and destruction here 75 years ago . I was there with Bruno Pruvost , a diver who has explored the wrecks on and near the beach -- some of the 336 ` little ships ' that set sail from England , answering the emergency call , but which never returned . At low tide you can visit the wreck of the Crested Eagle , a Thames river cruiser that picked up 600 men from the beach but was then bombed by a Stuka . With his ship in flames , the captain beached the ship with the hope of saving as many of his passengers as possible , . You can find out more about the Crested Eagle and the other ships at the excellent Memorial du Souvenir at Dunkirk . Also well worth visiting is the Fort des Dunes , built as part of a grand defensive line against possible German invasion in the 19th Century -- and which played its part in the evacuation . Back on the beach at Zuydcoote , Bruno picked up a small black pellet from the beach : ` Coal from the bunkers of sunken ships -- this gets washed up all the time . ' The sea is still giving up its war souvenirs . Eurostar -LRB- eurostar.com , 08432 186186 -RRB- offers nine daily services from London St Pancras International to Brussels from £ 72 . Tickets to other Belgian stations start from £ 82 . Hotel Pullman in Brussels -LRB- pullmanhotels.com -RRB- offers double rooms from about £ 73 . Visit belgiumtheplaceto.be for further information on Brussels and Wallonia , and also waterloo2015.org for programme and tickets for the re-enactment . DFDS Seaways -LRB- dfdsseaways.co.uk , 0871 574 7235 -RRB- sails up to 24 times a day between Dover and Dunkirk . Prices start from £ 39 each way for a car and up to nine people .