Sitting in a restaurant with friends , Teresa James pushed food longingly around her plate , desperate to eat but unable to stand the pain it would cause . Her mouth felt as if it were on fire , her gums were beginning to blister and her teeth had grown so sensitive that she knew that if so much as a sip of water came into contact with them she would wince . But Teresa 's agony was tempered with pride , because when she did manage to summon a smile , it was the most dazzling at her table . Teresa James , 40 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . She had spent four hours earlier that afternoon bleaching her teeth and , as far as she was concerned , the considerable discomfort was worth it . ` Whitening has been unbearably painful at times , ' says Teresa , 40 . ` But I am obsessive about having a bright smile . ' Teresa 's regimen may sound somewhat masochistic , but she is one of an increasing number of women for whom whitening their teeth has become an integral part of their beauty routine -- as normal as colouring their hair or waxing their legs . In America , sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 , and the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it -- ` bleachorexia ' . Symptoms include burning gums , tooth infection and the conviction that , no matter how much a tooth has been whitened , it could be paler still . Perhaps predictably , it has caught on in Britain . Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth , and research this week revealed the highest-earning cosmetic dentists made a collective turnover of £ 1 billion last year -- a 22 per cent increase from 2010 . ` When it is done properly , tooth whitening is a simple and safe way of improving your appearance , ' says cosmetic dentist Dr Mervyn Druian . ` But if it is performed in an unregulated fashion , with the wrong product , it can cause enamel erosion , receding gums and infection . ' Tessa -LRB- pictured -RRB- is part of a growing group of women for whom teeth whitening has become an integral part of their beauty regime . Teresa , a banking finance officer from London , started whitening her teeth five years ago , influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired . ` My own teeth looked grey in comparison after years of caffeinated drinks and they were affecting my confidence , ' she says . The active ingredient in most professional whitening products is hydrogen peroxide , in gel form . In October 2012 , an EU council directive made it illegal in Britain to use hydrogen peroxide -- which can cause sensitivity and burning when applied too often or at too high a dose -- in concentrations above 6 per cent , and decreed any concentration over 0.1 per cent could be administered only by a dental professional . When carrying out the procedure , a dentist makes a mould of the patient 's teeth from which a special tray is constructed . Hydrogen peroxide gel is then squirted on to the tray via a syringe , and the tray fitted over the teeth and left for 45 minutes . Teresa -LRB- pictured -RRB- started whitening her teeth five years ago having been influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired . Usually , the first treatment is carried out at the surgery , then the patient is given syringes and the tray to use at home -- 45 minutes a day , for a fortnight , being the norm . The treatment normally costs up to £ 500 , so when Teresa spotted a DIY whitening kit online for £ 17.99 , she was tempted . It looked authentic enough : a silicone tray and five syringes of bleach . Teresa is n't sure how strong this hydrogen peroxide was , or indeed even if it was hydrogen peroxide . But the tray had to be moulded to her teeth -- by softening in boiling water first -- then worn overnight . That 's when the warning bells should have sounded , says Dr Druian : ` Trays should always be properly fitted by a dentist otherwise they will never fit well and can cause leakage , which irritates gums . ' Lisa Arbiter -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been bulk-buying high-strength bleach from America to whiten her teeth every month for the past 13 years . Sure enough , the minute Teresa put the tray on , her gums started to tingle . ` I just assumed it meant it was working , ' she says . Keen to go whiter than white , she kept the bleach on for an hour -- another mistake , says Dr Druian . ` After 45 minutes out of the syringe , hydrogen peroxide loses effectiveness . More time wo n't make your teeth whiter , it will just lead to irritation and sensitivity . And if you have decay in your teeth , it can enter and lead to infection . ' But Teresa was so delighted with the initial results that she used her whitening kit once a week , leaving it on for longer each time . By the time she had reached her last syringe , she was bleaching for up to four hours at a time . Lisa -LRB- pictured -RRB- was just 19 when she first tried bleaching her teeth , she now says it 's addictive and she 'll carry on doing it for ever . ` My teeth were so weak and sensitive I worried they were going to fall out . I was in agony . I knew I was being irrational , but having white teeth had become a part of my identity . It was only after an evening of not being able to eat and waiting for days for my swollen gums to go down that I realised I 'd gone too far . ' So Teresa invested in whitening toothpastes , a whitening powder and a whitening pen instead . Ironically , the changes made to the law in 2012 , which were supposed to protect patients ' dental health , have seen a flood of illegal DIY whitening products on to the market , alongside unqualified practitioners who cater for those -- like Teresa -- who ca n't afford a dentist 's whitening service . ` There has been an upsurge in beauticians whitening teeth with unregulated materials , ' says Dr Druian . ` Many use chlorine dioxide -- a strong antibacterial chemical sometimes found in swimming pools -- which is easier to get hold of , given the Government 's restrictions on hydrogen peroxide . Lisa -LRB- pictured -RRB- buys £ 50 boxes of syringes of a 25 per cent solution from the U.S and insists she has no pain or side effects from the treatment . ` At a high concentration , this can burn gums , leading to receding , and make tooth enamel rough and porous , which leaves it prone to further staining -- trapping users into a vicious cycle of whitening . ' Natasha Crane , from Norwich , is suffering from suspected enamel erosion after having her teeth whitened , for £ 30 , by a beautician operating illegally . She had seen an advert on Facebook . Unknown to Natasha , aged 17 , she is a year under the legal age limit for teeth whitening , but the beautician did n't check . ` She painted the whitening gel on with cotton wool , ' remembers Natasha . ` It did n't feel professional or hygienic , but this was my first experience of tooth whitening . ' As soon as the beautician removed the gel an hour later , and Natasha rinsed her mouth , her teeth felt agonisingly sensitive . Newlywed Donna Bilson -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a recent convert to tooth bleaching but is already very taken with it . ` The beautician said this was normal , ' she recalls . ` When the pain did n't go away over the next few days I called her back , but she still said there was nothing to worry about . ' After later discovering that her beautician had been operating illegally , she reported her to the General Dental Council -- the regulatory body for British dentists . Since then , Natasha 's teeth have grown more painful . ` They 're so sensitive that it hurts when they come into contact with fresh air , ' she says . ` I have to wear a scarf over my mouth outdoors . Eating is agony and I drink through a straw . ' Meanwhile , her teeth are starting to turn yellow because the dentine that is underneath the enamel is becoming exposed . ` Not only am I in pain , but , ironically , my teeth have never looked worse , ' says Natasha . Beauticians practising illegally are not the only problem , however . Increasing numbers of women are ordering industrial-strength hydrogen-peroxide whitening products online from the U.S. , where there are no legal limits on levels . Donna -LRB- pictured -RRB- and her husband , Andy , both started bleaching their teeth before they got married last October . Lisa Arbiter , 33 , has been bulk-buying high-strength bleach from America to whiten her teeth every month for the past 13 years . She was 19 and working as a beauty therapist when she first tried it . She buys £ 50 boxes of syringes of a 25 per cent solution from the U.S. , yet insists she has no side-effects other than sensitive teeth . ` At work , having white teeth makes me look more professional , ' she says . ` And having so many pictures of ourselves plastered on social media makes it obvious who has whitened their teeth and who has n't . Un-whitened teeth look dirty . ` Tooth whitening is addictive , and I 'll carry on bleaching mine for ever . ' According to the British Dental Health Foundation the effects of professional whitening can last for up to three years . Although her husband stopped after their wedding , Donna -LRB- pictured -RRB- has carried on and says its part of her beauty routine now . But newlywed Donna Billson -- a recent convert to tooth bleaching -- is already hooked on doing it far more frequently than that . Donna and her husband Andy , 34 , started whitening their teeth last January in the run-up to their wedding last October . ` We wanted to look our best in the pictures , ' says Donna , 36 , a HR manager from Birmingham . They ordered £ 55 boxes of 20 whitening strips -- fabrics impregnated with 6 per cent hydrogen peroxide gel that users stick to their teeth for 45 minutes -- from the States . ` Andy stopped after our wedding and says I do n't need to whiten my teeth any more either , ' says Donna . ` But I 'll carry on . It 's as much a part of my beauty routine as having my hair coloured and legs waxed . '