Hooked to ventilators in hospital beds , they were on the brink of death . These shocking photos show brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings , who were placed in medically-induced comas after taking a ` bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of McComb , Mississippi . The siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . They were hospitalized on April 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . They had to be put on life support . Critically ill : This photo shows Jeff Stallings , who was placed in medically-induced coma alongside his older brother , Joey , after taking a ` bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana in his hometown of McComb , Mississippi . On life support : The siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . Above , Joey . BrothersL They were hospitalized on April 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . Above , the pair before their hospital stays . Fortunately , the pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug , and were able to return to home on April 13 . However , they are now facing serious - and in Jeff 's case , permanent - medical issues . And these issues are only complicated by the fact that the brothers are both addicted to synthetic marijuana , which is also dubbed Spice , Mojo , K2 and Bliss , and is much more toxic than cannabis . Now , their mother , Karen Stallings , has appealed to others not to smoke the drug , which she says has wrecked her sons ' bodies and has left her youngest , Jeff , with permanent kidney damage . Speaking to DailyMail.com , she said : ` Seeing my sons in hospital was 10 times worse than what those photos show . It was just chilling . They were put in induced comas and had to fight for their lives . ` Fortunately , they fought the battle and they 're now home . But they 're not well at all . They 're very , very addicted to it and want to get off it . They suffer from shakes , tremors and say random stuff . ` My youngest has to sit down because he gets dizzy . And he has permanent kidney damage . I 'm afraid I 'm going to lose him , that my son will die . That 's something no mother should have to say . ' Appeal : Lucikly , the pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug , and were able to return to home on April 13 . Now , their mother , Karen Stallings -LRB- pictured with Jeff -RRB- , has appealed to others not to smoke Spice . Deadly : The brothers are both addicted to synthetic marijuana -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Because the herbs and chemicals in Spice vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking - and in what concentrations . Recovering : Ms Stallings told DailyMail.com : ` Seeing my sons in hospital was 10 times worse than what those photos show . It was just chilling . They had to fight for their lives ' Above , Jeff -LRB- right -RRB- and Joey -LRB- left -RRB- on Facebook . The distraught mother , who also has two young daughters , said her sons had purchased a bag of Spice in McComb - as they had done on a regular basis - without realizing it was a bad batch . ` The stuff is all over the town . People are selling it in bags , and Jeff and Joey got a bad batch , ' she told DailyMail.com . She added matter-of-factly : ` It 's going to kill my kids . This is a serious issue . ' Synthetic marijuana a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to traditional marijuana . It is nicknamed Spice , Mojo , K2 , Yucatan Fire , Solar Flare and Bliss , among other things . The drug is typically smoked by users . It does not give positive results in tests for cannabis . Because the herbs and chemicals in synthetic marijuana vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking . They also can not tell what concentrations they are taking - which can lead to fatal overdoses . Unlike pot , Spice can cause a huge range of symptoms , many of which can be severe . These include tremors , paranoia , seizures , vomiting , hallucinations , chest pain , cardiac problems , kidney damage and brain damage . Because the herbs and chemicals in Spice vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking and in what concentrations - which can potentially lead to fatal overdoses . Experts say the mixture can be up to 1,000 times stronger binding to cannabis receptors compared to traditional marijuana . This means it can activate a receptor on a brain cell with maximum efficacy . In doing so , it can cause severe tremors , shakes , seizures , vomiting , hallucinations , and other frightening symptoms . Ms Stallings , who works at Santa Fe Cattle Co in McComb , said her sons were left ` flipping out ' . ` They got scared , ' she said . ` It was damaging their bodies . They just mentally shut down . ' Family friend Jess Hurley posted the harrowing images of the brothers hooked to life support machines on her Facebook page earlier this month , asking people to pray for their family . She wrote : ` These are my friend 's sons . I taught the man on the right -LSB- Jeff -RSB- how to walk and talk as a baby . ` The man on the left is his older brother . They are both on life support at this very moment because of synthetic marijuana . -LRB- Spice , mojo , whatever . . -RRB- It 's just not worth it . Mother : The distraught mother -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who also has two young daughters , said her sons had purchased a bag of Spice in McComb - as they had done on a regular basis - without realizing it was a bad batch . Raising awareness : Family friend Jess Hurley posted the images of the brothers hooked to life support machines on her Facebook page earlier this month , asking people to pray for their family -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` People smoke it because it does n't show up in drug tests . Unfortunately , you do n't have to pass a drug test to die either . Please spare the judgments . Just warn your friends and family . And say a prayer for their mom , Karen , and sisters while you 're at it . This is a huge , deadly deal ! # SPICEKILLS . ' She updated the post on April 13 . ` Because of prayers and miracles , they are awake and home . However , they face enormous medical bills . Please continue to pray for their health and struggles . They deserve the second chance God has given them ! ' she told users from across the world . Last year , California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . Connor , 19 , fell asleep after taking the drug . His brain , deprived of oxygen , began to swell and he slipped into a coma . He was declared brain dead at Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach hours later . A deadly case : Last year , California teen Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . Above , Connor is pictured brain dead , surrounded by his family , shortly before his organs were donated . ` He gave into -LRB- peer pressure -RRB- - thinking that it was okay , it was somehow safe - and one hit later , he goes to sleep and never wakes up , ' Connor 's father , Devin Eckhardt told KTLA at the time . Doctors were unable to detect spice in Connor 's system - there is no way to trace its everchanging components . However , they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket . Connor 's family donated his organs after his death , in accordance with the teenager 's wishes . They later created a Facebook page to warn others about the perils of synthetic marijuana . ` Connor Eckhardt died after taking ONE HIT of synthetic marijuana -LRB- SPICE , K2 , POTpourri -RRB- . This dangerous substance is legal . Help us save lives by sharing , ' read a post on the page .