Unique insight : CJullian Fellowes , pictured with Downton star Michelle Dockery . Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley History Festival . The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey , best-selling novelist Kate Mosse , award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin , explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes , Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor , who recently announced he is to step down as director of the British Museum . Visitors to the festival , sponsored by the Daily Mail , will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving British Dambuster George ` Johnny ' Johnson , and Battle of Britain fighter pilot Tom Neil . The event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a Wiltshire field . This year it boasts more than 140 speakers , a stunning air show and ` living history ' re-enactments over seven days -- a rapid rise from its humble beginnings when 12 events were held in one tent just five years ago . Festival co-chairman James Holland said : ` Our festival is the only one of its kind in the UK . There 's so much to see and do . ' This year there will even be a medieval tournament . Away from the clattering of swords , much clamour is expected among Downton fans for tickets to see Lord Fellowes following the announcement that the forthcoming series of the hugely popular drama will be the last . This year 's judges for the festival 's annual competition to find young writers who can bring history to life include Birdsong author Sebastian Faulks , Claire Tomalin and best-selling novelist Charlie Higson . Budding young authors are being asked to submit a first chapter of a historical novel of no more than 1,500 words , and a brief outline of the rest of the proposed novel of up to 500 words , for a chance of winning the Penguin Chalke Valley History Prize . It must be on one of the following themes : The Ancients ; Secret and Spies ; The Home ; Adventurers and Inventors ; or King and Country . There are two age groups : 11 to 14 and 15 to 18 . Entrants will be judged on historical research , writing skill and originality . The winner of each category gets £ 500 , £ 100 of Penguin Books and a one-to-one session with a senior publisher at Penguin . The winners ' schools also receive £ 500 . Those shortlisted in each age group will be invited to the Penguin Chalke Valley History Prize Final on June 28 . Entries must be uploaded at cvhf.org.uk / history-prize by noon on May 29 . Giving a talk titled The World of Downton Abbey : From the Great War to the Roaring Twenties , he will appear in conversation with ITN political editor Tom Bradby , discussing the enormous social change brought by the First World War and why this period continues to fascinate and inspire him . Tickets for this and all talks go on sale today . Starkey , famous for his TV series including Monarchy , will mark the 800th anniversary of the signing of the Magna Carta , by talking about its genesis , history , and influence on Britain today . Mosse will explain the historical backdrop of her Languedoc trilogy , each set in or around Carcassonne at an important point in the French city 's history , from the 13th century to the Second World War . Tomalin speaks on diarist Samuel Pepys . Sir Ranulph , whose ancestors fought on both the French and English sides at Agincourt , will take an irreverent look at the 1415 battle . In a year of many poignant anniversaries , there will be a 1940s themed Victory Party recognising the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War . Mr Johnson , 93 , a bomb aimer in RAF 617 Squadron 's Dambusters raid of May 17 , 1943 , will be among seven Lancaster crew veterans sharing their memories . For the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain , Wing Commander Neil , 94 , who survived 141 combat missions , will talk about those days . Hislop will discuss the importance of satire past and present while MacGregor , credited with turning the British Museum into one of the world 's most visited attractions , will explore 600 years of Germany 's complex history . The festival , in Ebbesbourne Wake near Salisbury , Wiltshire , runs from June 22 to 28 . To buy tickets , go to www.cvhf.org.uk or phone 01722 781133 . The Chalke Valley History Festival will also feature explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes , above .