Moors murderer Ian Brady has revealed he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' . The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside . Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley . Scroll down for video . Moors murderer Ian Brady , pictured -LRB- left -RRB- from Ashworth psychiatric hospital and -LRB- right -RRB- in a court sketch in 2013 , has revealed that he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters . In a series of rambling letters , he wrote : . It comes four months after Brady - who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a Channel 5 News correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings . Instead he complained he is ` bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago . Brady -LRB- left -RRB- was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley -LRB- right -RRB- . The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester . Above , police search the area for the bodies . In the December letter he wrote : ` This cell block is described as a `` discharge ward '' ; I 've been sitting here 30 years ... and there 's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin . ' Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice Hindley , who died aged 60 in 2002 . The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor above Manchester . Pauline Reade , 16 , disappeared on her way to a disco on July 12 , 1963 , and John Kilbride , 12 , was snatched in November the same year . Keith Bennett was taken on June 16 , 1964 , after he left home to visit his grandmother . Lesley Ann Downey , 10 , was lured away from a funfair on Boxing Day , 1964 , and Edward Evans , 17 , was killed in October 1965 . His letter reads : . Politicians of today ? Compared to the only truly democratic and altruistic peoples ' government ever elected , Labour 1945 , the UK corrupt , greedmotivated -LRB- sic -RRB- political vermin of today , are n't worth even assassination , all being Tory clerks/lackeys . However , I hope that UKIP not only wipes out the Lib-Dems but also decimates the Tory and Labour vote , and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland . In addition , I hope the IRA is reactivated , as promised for a united Ireland . -LSB- ... -RSB- . The corporate controlled -LRB- including the BBC -RRB- lower middle class , collusive , servile media generate a false appearance if of democracy and free speech , in a now spineless population constantly asking , `` am I allowed to say -LRB- this and that -RRB- ? '' -LRB- sic -RRB- . Where the voters now have the choice between a coalition of public school millionaires or a refugee privileged German Jew . Absurdity ! Incidentally , the Scottish dictionary definition of `` Cleg '' -LRB- sic -RRB- is , aptly , `` a course grey bloodsucking horsefly '' . Cleg -LRB- sic -RRB- , like his US lickspittle Blair , would form a coalition with literally anyone , just to retain his public image of secondhand power and pathetic grandiosity . As I stopped reading UK newspapers or relying on UK media , depending only on Aljezeers -LRB- sic -RRB- and Teletext , I know nothing of any EU decisions on UK prisoners possibly voting , and could n't care less ! Ironically in my half century of imprisonment , I discovered that most professional criminals are Tory voters ! -LSB- ... -RSB- . Yours faithfully , . IS Brady . Keith Bennett -LRB- left -RRB- , 12 , was snatched and murdered in 1964 and John Kilbride -LRB- right -RRB- , also 12 , was snatched in November the year before . Since being convicted Brady has hardly been seen . Above , a police convoy takes Brady to Liverpool Crown Court in 2000 for what was his first appearance in more than 30 years . Brady was given whole life sentences for the murders of John , Lesley Ann and Edward - but did not admit to killing Keith and Pauline until he was in prison . Keith 's body has never been discovered . Hindley was convicted of killing Lesley Ann and Edward , and shielding Brady after John 's murder . She was jailed for life . Taxpayers have forked out more than £ 14million on Brady since he was convicted nearly 50 years ago . He has racked up the costs by staging a 15-year hunger strike and a series of failed legal challenges - for which he has relied on legal aid . He lost his last appeal to be transferred to a ` ordinary ' prison in June 2013 .