The father of American Sniper Chris Kyle has spoken for the first time since his son 's killer was sentenced to life in prison , in an emotionally-charged interview with NBC News . Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were ` surviving ' now that they finally had time to process their son 's death , following the end of his killer 's trial . Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh , after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his PTSD . In February , Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Scroll down for video . Still grieving : Wayne Kyle , the father of American Sniper Chris Kyle , gave his first interview on Thursday since the end of the trial of his son 's killer . Torturing : Watne Kyle told Lester Holt that it was difficult to attend the trial and sit in the same room as his son 's murderer . Shooter : Eddie Routh shot dead Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield at a gun range in 2013 , after the pair took him shooting to help him with his PTSD . Routh , pictured center in court in February , was sentenced to life in prison without parole . American legend : Chris Kyle -LRB- pictured -RRB- served as a Navy SEAL for 10 years and during that time became the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history . He wrote a book about his military career titled ` American Sniper ' which was made into a movie . Wayne Kyle attended the trial , but said it was difficult to be in the same room with his son 's killer . ` It was horrible . I mean , gut wrenching , ' Mr Kyle said . ` It 's just one of those deals , you just wan na jump over that railing and kill him with your bare hands . ' Dealing with his son 's death has been all the more painful for Mr Kyle , who had a bad feeling about his work helping other vets after he retired from the military in 2009 . ` I told him one time , I said `` I worry more about you as a civilian that when you were with the teams , ' Mr Kyle said . He explained that his son was fully trained and highly skilled when he worked in the military , but ` there 's no training to be a civilian ' . Childhood : Wayne Kyle was the first to teach his son how to shoot a gun , and gifted him his first weapon at the age of 8 . Above , some family pictures of young Chris Kyle . Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy . Mr Kyle also spoke about a Texas legislator 's push to award Kyle with the medal of honor , posthumously . ` If you knew Chris you would know that he would never ever want that . He never saw himself as a hero , ' Mr Kyle said . He added that he did n't like Routh 's trial being called the ` American Sniper trial ' in the media since it distracted from Chad Littlefield 's equally tragic death . Chris Kyle served as a Navy Seal for ten years , during which he became the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history with at least 160 kills . His father Wayne was the first to teach him how to shoot a gun , buying him his first firearm at the age of 8 . A film about his life , starring Bradley Cooper , titled American Sniper , was released this past January . In part of the interview , aired on the Today show on Friday , Wayne Kyle described the blockbuster as an ` absolute disgrace ' for the way in which it had portrayed his other son , Jeff , who also served in Iraq . Wayne Kyle described the movie , American Sniper , as an absolute disgrace for the way in which it portrayed his other son , Iraq veteran Jeff Kyle -LRB- pictured -RRB- , as ` cowardly ' Mr Kyle said that the movie portrayed Jeff ` as a weak , almost cowardly Marine just wanting to get out of the country in anyway possible and that could n't be further from the truth in the way Jeff is ' . However the Today show later said that although Mr Kyle was disappointed with the movie , he did say he was grateful for the attention it brought to veterans . The father also spoke about how he copes with criticism leveled at his son 's record as the American military 's most deadly sniper . ` I basically ignore it , I know it 's not true , ' Wayne Kyle said . ` To me , those people have no self-worth ... their only claim to fame is to try to destroy somebody who has the values like what Chris possessed . ' His father choked back tears as he recalled the thousands of people who lined the route on the day of Chris 's funeral . He said : ` If anybody ever wondered if Texas stood behind and supported their veterans , they just had to see that . ' On the big screen : American Sniper , the movie based on Kyle 's memoir starred Bradley Cooper -LRB- pictured -RRB- , was released in January .