A pair of three-month-old baby gorillas have made their debut at the Bronx Zoo after being delivered just 48 hours apart back in January . The Western Lowland Gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo 's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers Layla and Kumi , who are both 16 years old . Pictured riding around on their mother 's backs , or cuddling up in their arms , the duo have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure , including Ernie , 32 , who is father to them both . Scroll down for video . Helping hand : The babies were born to mothers Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19 , but keepers do n't know either of their genders yet , and so they have n't been named . Baby steps : Two three-month-old Western Lowland Gorillas have been pictured for the first time at the Bronx Zoo since they were born less than 48 hours apart back in January . Despite being born back in January , keepers at Bronx Zoo have yet to learn either of the babies ' genders , and so neither of them have been named yet . But that has not stopped them from winning over crowds at the zoo as they explore their new home . Because of their young age , they are not always on display for visitors , with appearances depending on conditions such as temperature and weather . The eldest of the pair was delivered on January 17 this year , while the younger arrived just 48 hours later , much to the excitement of animal keepers . While they weighed just 4 lb at birth , they will eventually grow to weigh more than 400 lb as adults . The new babies are joined by two other youngsters who were born earlier in 2014 . Fitting in : The two new youngsters join another pair of gorillas that were born earlier in 2014 , along with 13 adults in the zoo 's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit . Having a cuddle : While the babies have different mothers , they share a father , 32-year-old Ernie who was nowhere to be seen in these pictures . The Western lowland gorilla is an endangered species in the wild , but while exact numbers are not known because of their remote habitats , they are believed to be more common than mountain gorillas . Lowland gorillas can be distinguished by their slightly brown coat and long arms , and usually live in communities of around 30 . The group will be lead by one dominant male , the alpha , sometimes called the silverback because of the shock of silver hair which usually covers his shoulders . Thanks largely to disease and destruction of habitat , the numbers of Western Lowland gorillas living in the wild have dropped by 60 per cent in the last 20 to 25 years , making zoo conservation efforts all the more vital . Surviving : While the Western Lowlands Gorilla is thought to be among the most common gorillas in the wild , they are still an endangered species , making programs like this important to ensure their survival .