The CEO of Salesforce.com has announced the company is now attempting to transfer any Indiana employee who is ` uncomfortable ' with the polarizing new Religious Freedom Restoration Act out of the state . The law , brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence , was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state , amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays . Marc Benioff , the CEO of Salesforce , was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill , calling it ` brutal ' and ` unjust ' and saying he was finding ways to reduce investments in Indiana . He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state . Speaking out : Marc Benioff , the CEO of Salesforce who was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act , is now trying to relocate state employees who are uncomfortable . However on Wednesday he told CNN Money he was now responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state , and is trying to find ways to help them . It is the most aggressive corporate reaction to the controversial legislation yet . ` I just got an email ... from another employee who said , `` look I do n't feel comfortable living in this state anymore , you have to move me out , '' and I gave him a $ 50,000 relocation package and said , `` great , you 're clear to go '' . ' Benioff was sure to point out that he will not be able to shut down the Salesforce sector in Indiana completely . The San Francisco-based tech company , which offers ` customer relationship management ' to other companies , has a total 2,000 employees in the state . A number of companies -- including Salesforce , EMC and Cloudera -- have already withdrawn their sponsorships for Indy Big Data , a tech conference scheduled in May . Change : Benioff tweeted Friday in response to Indiana lawmakers saying Friday morning they had amended the already-in-effect law , clarifying that no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' Benioff 's announcement follows one made by Apple CEO Tim Cook . On Monday Cook condemned the laws , saying they were ` very dangerous ' , went against the founding principles of America , and would take the country back to the days of ` Whites Only ' signs in shop doorways . He added that , as a Baptist , he supports religious freedom , but said : ` I was never taught , nor do I believe , that religion should be used as an excuse to discriminate . ' Cook , 54 , who came out as gay in October last year , made the comments in an op-ed for the Washington Post . He wrote : ` In total , there are nearly 100 bills designed to enshrine discrimination in state law . ` On behalf of Apple , I 'm standing up to oppose this new wave of legislation . ` These bills under consideration truly will hurt jobs , growth and the economic vibrancy of parts of the country where a 21st-century economy was once welcomed with open arms . ' He also addressed legislation in Texas that ` would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . ' Taking a stance : Openly-gay Apple CEO Tim Cook criticized new laws that critics say will allow business owners to openly discriminate . Cook said such bills ` rationalize injustice ' by ` pretending to defend ' religious freedom , which actually eroding the freedoms of others . Cook drew upon his background growing up in the South in the 1960s and 1970s , during and immediately after the Civil Rights movement when blacks were still heavily discriminated against . He says America 's ` days of discrimination ' must remain ` deep in the past ' and said freedom and equality is a value that is at the heart of his company . He added : ` Apple is open . Open to everyone , regardless of where they come from , what they look like , how they worship or who they love . ' Indiana 's religious freedom act says that the state and local government ` may not substantially burden a person 's right to the exercise of religion ' unless that burden is ` essential ' to furthering a government interest . It will be up to the courts to decide what counts as ` substantial ' , but the legislation was largely designed to fend off lawsuits against those who refuse to participate in gay marriage ceremonies . For example a florist who refuses to supply flowers for a same sex ceremony . Supporters say that such provisions already exist in 20 other states , and were actually signed into federal law by Bill Clinton in 1993 . But opponents , including Cook , claim these laws form part of a wave of discriminatory powers that threaten to reverse years of progress on equality issue . The Indiana bill forbids the state or local government from ` substantially burdening ' a person 's religious beliefs unless that burden is ` essential ' to further a ` compelling ' government interest , and is the ` least restrictive ' means of achieving that aim . It allows people or organisations to use the legislation as a defense in court against claims of discrimination against them , and if the court rules in their favor , allows reparations , including compensation payouts . It will be up to the courts and judges to decide what constitutes ` substantial ' , but critics fear that the broad scope of the law and the tough tests that must be passed to override it , mean that it will allow business owners to openly discriminate in how they operate . Cook is far from the only one opposing the new law in Indiana , with musician Miley Cyrus , and actors Ashton Kutcher , James Van Der Beek and George Takei all speaking out against it . The NBA , WNBA , the Indiana Pacers , and Indiana Fever issued a joint statement Saturday reaffirming their commitment to non-discrimination . Hillary Clinton also messaged to her three million Twitter followers saying that ` we should n't discriminate against people because of who they love ' following the bill 's passing on Thursday . Businesses are also lining up to oppose the legislation , threatening to pull investment or even boycott the state altogether in protest . Fighting back : Demonstrators gathered to protest a controversial religious freedom bill recently signed by Indiana Governor Mike Pence during a rally in Indianapolis on Saturday . Website Angie 's List also announced plans to cancel a $ 40 million expansion to its Indianapolis headquarters because of the new law . ` Angie 's List is open to all and discriminates against none and we are hugely disappointed in what this bill represents , ' the company 's CEO Bill Oesterle said in the statement . Thousands gathered outside the Indiana Statehouse on Saturday to rally against the law , waving rainbow coloured flags and chanting slogans such as ` no hate in our state ' . Since the law passed , Republican Senator Mike Pence has robustly defended it , saying that it is necessary to help people defend themselves against ` government overreach ' . He also ruled out any possibility of repealing the law , which is due to take effect in July , telling This Week with George Stephanopoulos , that ` the law will stick . ' Marching : Thousands gathered outside the Indiana Statehouse on Saturday to hold a rally against the new law , which forbids the government from ` substantially burdening ' a person 's religious beliefs .