Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks , which can spread potentially fatal diseases to humans . Their warning comes after a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs . Over half , 54 per cent , also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease , a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites , affects their pets as well as themselves . Knowledge about Lyme disease is increasing and it is known to wreck lives . In extreme cases , the nervous system , joints and heart can be affected , and symptoms may be misdiagnosed as other conditions , such as rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis . Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks , which can spread potentially fatal diseases - such as Lyme disease - to humans . At the other extreme , symptoms may be so mild that someone who 's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms . Ticks , which flourish in long grass or undergrowth , typically attach to deer but can also be found on foxes , badgers , mice , birds as well as domestic pets - responsible for carrying the ticks into urban areas - and humans . Areas of undergrowth -LRB- including parks and gardens - as well as woodland and open country -RRB- are most likely to harbour ticks as they drop off their original hosts then climb to a point where they can latch on to other passing wildlife . It 's why most people are bitten below the waist . With the forecast of increasingly damp winters and hotter summers - ideal conditions for the ticks to thrive - as well as growth in deer numbers , the concern is that the incidence of Lyme disease will rise further . Lyme disease , or Lyme borreliosis , is a bacterial infection spread to humans by infected ticks . Ticks are tiny spider-like creatures found in woodland and heath areas . They feed on the blood of birds and mammals , including humans . Ticks that carry the bacteria responsible for Lyme disease are found throughout the UK and in other parts of Europe and North America . Ticks that carry the bacteria responsible for Lyme disease which can infect humans . Many people with early-stage Lyme disease develop a distinctive circular rash at the site of the tick bite , usually around 3 to 30 days after being bitten . This is known as erythema migrans . Some people with Lyme disease also experience flu-like symptoms in the early stages , such as tiredness -LRB- fatigue -RRB- , muscle pain , joint pain , headaches , a high temperature -LRB- fever -RRB- , chills and neck stiffness . More serious symptoms may develop several weeks , months or even years later if Lyme disease is left untreated or is not treated early on . These can include : . Some of these problems will get better slowly with treatment , although they can persist if treatment is started late . A few people with Lyme disease go on to develop long-term symptoms similar to those of fibromyalgia or chronic fatigue syndrome . This is known as post-infectious Lyme disease . Source : NHS Choices . The increase in incidence of illnesses such as Lyme is ` a serious ' cause for concern and ` ticks will become a very serious public health issue in the UK as a result of climate change ' , claims Julie Barratt , the director of the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health . She thinks we need to take a similar approach to avoiding tick-borne disease as we do to sun exposure - covering up and using insect repellent as we would sunscreen . This means taking precautions ` in the great outdoors , whether you 're camping , walking in the countryside or in your back garden ' , she says . Concerned vets across the UK are now urging people to get their dogs checked out for the pests . Any ticks collected by vet practices will be sent to a team of scientists who will examine them for Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases . Professor Richard Wall , from the University of Bristol , will be part of a team studying the ticks , and says their numbers have soared in the last 10 years . He said : ` Current evidence suggests that many tick-borne diseases in northern Europe are increasing in prevalence as a result of factors . ' He explained this is due to changes in their habitat , increasing pet travel and climate change . He added : ` Warmer and wetter winters and milder wetter summers , in particular , may allow the normal highly seasonal pattern of tick activity to be extended , giving more continuous periods of exposure . ` In Great Britain the distribution of ticks is estimated to have expanded in the last 10 years by 17 per cent and the abundance of ticks to have increased at 73 per cent of locations surveyed . ' Many people do not realise it is possible to catch Lyme disease in Britain . Joanne Drayson , from Guildford , who contracted the illness after being bitten by an infected tick while walking her dog , did not know it was possible to catch it in the UK . She said : ` I was aware of the disease but always thought it was something that was unique to the United States . ` After a long course of antibiotics , I gradually recovered my health . I still enjoy walking in the woods but now I go more prepared . ` It is important to cover up , tuck your trousers in your socks , have long sleeves and when you leave the woodland or countryside to always check for any ticks . ' Public Health England estimates the number of new Lyme disease cases each year at around 3,000 , while charities say the figure is closer to 15,000 . In spite of this , the majority of people are still unaware that the potentially debilitating condition also affects dogs . Lyme disease is caused by a bite from an infected tick . Dogs can become bitten during walks in wooded areas or parkland in both urban and rural areas . Symptoms in dogs include lameness , lethargy and fever , which , if left untreated , can lead to more serious conditions such as kidney disease and heart failure . Many cases of Lyme disease are likely to go unnoticed by owners as they are only detected by a thorough examination . Throughout spring and early summer when ticks are most actives , vets taking part in The Big Tick Project , will be giving dogs visiting their practice a tick check . Ticks collected will be sent off for scientific analysis where they will be examined for Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases . The Big Tick Project is being launched by TV presenter Chris Packham who wants to raise awareness of the risks and symptoms associated with Lyme disease . The project is being launched by TV presenter Chris Packham and aims to raise awareness of the risks and symptoms associated with the tick-borne disease . He said : ` Research suggests that ticks are a growing problem whether that 's urban parkland to woodland and open country . ` Living as I do in the New Forest where ticks can be a problem and present a real threat to my dogs , this project is close to my heart and could be important in advancing both for canine and human health . ` I know people who have contracted the disease and I can not begin to imagine how I would feel if my dogs were to catch it too . ` While I find ticks interesting creatures , I do n't want them on my dogs , in my house or on me . ` If like me , you love your dogs , you 'll want the best advice and treatment to help reduce the risks associated with ticks and tick-borne disease . ` I know I can get this by talking to a vet with access to the latest innovative and effective products available to help tackle this issue . '