Keith Cameron , pictured , was jailed for five years for scamming his dying friend and neighbour out of his life savings . A conman has been jailed for fleecing a dying architect out of his life savings and using the money to fund his lavish lifestyle . Keith Cameron splashed out on a New York flat for his daughter and enjoyed a string of extravagant holidays while his victim 's family have been left facing the prospect of selling their home . The 54-year-old scammed his trusting friend and terminally ill neighbour , Jonathan Speirs , out of £ 476,864 in a complicated ruse . He promised the world-famous lighting architect a £ 2million return on his investment in just two years , but it was all an elaborate lie . Cameron was today jailed for five years at Edinburgh Sheriff Court . But Jonathan 's wife , Elizabeth , 58 , said : ` My daughters and I will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives . ' Cameron stole the family 's money and spent it on his extravagant lifestyle and a New York flat for his own daughter , who attended the American Academy of Drama and the Arts . Meanwhile , Jonathan 's youngest daughter faces missing out on a place at her dream university in New York . Cameron persuaded terminally ill Jonathan - his close friend and neighbour for 13 years - to part with thousands of pounds by claiming his telecoms start-up required money to win a valuable contract . He repeatedly claimed the company was trading well and that Jonathan could expect a return on his investment of around £ 2 million within two years . Cameron , from Edinburgh , instead used his friend 's cash to maintain a excessive lifestyle of posh restaurants and fancy holidays . Jonathan died of stomach cancer in 2012 . His widow , Elizabeth , from Edinburgh , said Cameron 's heartless scheme had stopped her daughter , Erin , 17 , from following her dreams . She said : ` Keith Cameron deserved a lengthy prison sentence . I am glad the Sheriff chose to impose the maximum sentence on the fraud charge . ` However , no length of prison term will ever compensate for the dreadful crime he committed . ` My daughters and I will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives . ` If Keith Cameron had n't defrauded us , Erin could have followed her dreams . But we have to live with knowing that our money was spent on allowing Cameron 's daughter to study in New York while my daughter ca n't . ` Despite having the academic qualifications and the ability to gain a place on this course , we 'll probably have to turn it down because we ca n't afford the fees . Victims : Jonathan Speirs , a world-famous lighting architect , pictured with his wife Elizabeth , was persuaded to part with a total of £ 476,864 . ` This is so unfair and it 's breaking my heart that I ca n't give her the education she has worked so hard for . ` I am struggling to come to terms with the depths of Keith Cameron 's depravity now that I know the full details of how he deceived a dying man . ' Elizabeth , a supply teacher , also revealed that Cameron had texted her asking to see her husband just days before he passed away in June 2012 . Mr Speirs died of stomach cancer in 2012 after investing in his friends scam . The text read : ` Tell him I do n't care what he looks like , he 's a dear friend and that 's all that matters . ' Elizabeth said the family now faced being forced to sell off her home in Edinburgh where she had lived with her husband for 24 years . She said : ` It 's still hard to believe that someone who , supposedly , was our friend could behave in such a cold-hearted fashion pretending to care about my husband and pretending to show grief at his funeral , whilst all the time he was knowingly spending our money on luxuries for his family - money we 'd worked hard for . ` It fills me with horror to think that anyone could be so cruel and heartless towards a good , kind man but especially towards a man who was facing death . ` A lengthy prison sentence is totally justified . ' Police Scotland Detective Inspector Arron Clinkscales added : ` Keith Cameron used his expertise and relationship to make his victim believe that this was a legitimate investment . ` To ensure that others do not fall foul of similar fraudulent activities I would urge the public to fully research any investment they are seeking to make . ` When considering making an investment , consider seeking financial and legal advice to ensure protection against fraudulent investments . ` If in any doubt , do not go ahead , and remember if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . ' Mrs Speirs said she now faces selling off the home in Edinburgh she shared with her husband for 24 years . Pictured : Jonathan Speirs with Erin , Elizabeth and Lucie .