Dawn Milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle . A New Jersey woman is lucky to be alive after being rescued from her overturned vehicle just as it started to catch fire . Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area . When officers Mark Ehrenberg and Ricky Ferriola arrived on scene , smoke was already coming out of the woman 's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible , which had been turned upside down . The vehicle 's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver , it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash . With smoke already coming from the vehicle the officers had to act fast to get the injured woman free . It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage . About 30 seconds later the flames are visible , and one of the officers can be heard trying to revive the woman , who is now safely on the other side of the road . Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area . Just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames . The woman pulled from the wreck had to be hooked up to a defibrillator at the scene and CPR was administered , reports WPIX . She has been identified as Dawn Milosky , 45 , of Beachwood , N.J. Milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated , having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle , reckless driving and for failure to stay in the right lane . She was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center , but police say she is now doing okay . The woman they pulled from the wreck has been identified as Dawn Milosky , 45 , of Beachwood , New Jersey . Just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames .