Voters in last year 's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning . Voters in last year 's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics , fights between rival supporters , and bizarre activities on polling day , new data shows . In one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ` unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . Others , in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities , accused politicians of ` fly-posting ' , while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ` political views ' . The details , released to the Press Association under the Freedom of Information Act , refer to the parliamentary by-elections in Clacton , Heywood and Middleton , Newark , Rochester and Strood , and Wythenshawe and Sale East . One eagle-eyed viewer watching the live coverage of the Rochester and Strood by-election , won by Ukip 's Tory defector Mark Reckless , was perturbed to see a person ` moving about among the tables and taking items ' - something the viewer deemed ` suspicious ' , so reported it to Kent Police . The same by-election saw six complaints made to Medway Council , one of which was about the apparent unsuitability of a candidate , as well as the length of time it took to count the votes and announce the result . According to Greater Manchester Police -LRB- GMP -RRB- - whose force area included both the Wythenshawe and Sale East and Heywood and Middleton constituencies - one party organiser found their car was damaged while out delivering leaflets . In another case , a campaigner was attacked by members of the National Front far-right group following a political discussion which escalated to violence . Ukip activists in Newark drew a couple of complaints for fixing party posters to street furniture . The anti-Europe party later came second to the Conservative candidate Robert Jenrick . A resident also contacted the vote 's returning officer - who oversees the election - to complain they had been approached by an unnamed party activist in the polling station as they went to cast their ballot paper . And another complained that Tory donors allegedly supplied junior members with food and lodgings in exchange for hitting the campaign trail . The complainant said : ` I feel sure other candidates in this election must have felt that this was completely unfair . ' GMP also reported how local election campaigns - which coincided with a parliamentary by-election - saw a complaint made about a defamatory party leaflet , while another prospective candidate in Wigan apparently 'cause d people in the street to sign a nomination paper to allow them to stand in the next elections ' - despite those signing the document believing it to simply confirm their status as local residents . Bribe : In one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ` unfair ' promise of free curry . According to separate figures from the Electoral Commission , 29 million votes were cast at polls held in the UK last year . This included local elections , European Parliament elections and elections for directly elected mayors across the UK as well as parliamentary and police and crime commissioner by-elections and the Scottish independence referendum . UK police forces recorded and investigated a total of 272 cases of alleged electoral fraud during that time , of which four resulted in court proceedings . One of these cases resulted in a conviction after an individual had stolen campaign signs promoting both the Labour and Conservative parties in the Leeds area . An Electoral Commission spokesman said : ` The figures show that proven cases of electoral fraud remain rare , but it is important that no one underestimates how serious it is when it does occur . ` Electoral fraud can refer to many offences , from impersonating a voter at a polling station to making a false statement on nomination papers to become a candidate . ` We have long known that , when fraud is committed , candidates and campaigners are the most likely offenders and voters are the victims . ` Although there are clear plans in place to prevent and detect fraud ahead of the elections in May , there is also a challenge to campaigners . ` They must ensure their behaviour builds trust with all voters , and all those involved in elections must make it a priority to communicate what is and what is not acceptable behaviour at election time . ' Assistant Chief Constable Gary Cann of West Midlands Police , the national policing lead for electoral fraud , said : ` A statement about someone 's character is different to a statement about their political views . ` A comment about a candidate 's politics is probably fair game , but to call someone a bigot or a terrorist or an extremist , for example , is different . It can get very unpleasant . ' Anyone concerned about electoral fraud is asked to contact the Electoral Commission or Crimestoppers .