Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to Villarreal defender Mateo Musacchio following his gruesome leg injury . The Argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday . The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid . Villarreal 's Mateo Musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . As he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle . Musacchio crumples to the ground in agony after the horrendous ankle break . No recovery time has been set by the club but Musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months . Cazorla , who played with Musacchio during his time at Villarreal , tweeted : ` A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo , I hope it 's not too serious . ` Wishing you all the strength for the recovery . ' Villarreal 's Argentinian striker Luciano Vietto also tweeted : ` We share your pain and sadness , we will be supporting you all the way . ` A lot of strength Mateo !!! ' The Spanish Footballers ' Association -LRB- AFE -RRB- said in a statement : ` All the strength in the world to Mateo . Santi Cazorla played with Musacchio for Villarreal before joining Arsenal , tweeted support for the defender . Cazorla wrote : ` A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo , I hope it 's not too serious ' ` We will await your return to the pitch as soon as possible with the rest of your Villarreal team-mates . ' Musacchio , who joined Villarreal from River Plate in 2009 , has been limited to just 12 La Liga starts this season because of injuries . The South American recovered from a torn hamstring back in January . ` I would have traded losing by a big margin than seeing Mateo getting injured this way , ' Villarreal coach Marcelino said on his club 's official website . ` It 's a difficult time for everyone . ` It 's a very serious injury and it 's a real misfortune . ` I did n't think Mateo 's injury would be as serious as it is but when I approached the stretcher and I saw that there was so much blood , I got frightened . ` We hope we can all help him in his recovery . ` It 's a sad time for us . ' Musacchio joins Villarreal captain Bruno Soriano on the sidelines , who is out of action until May with a knee injury sustained earlier this year .