Spring . The season that brings with it ` the sweet smell of different flowers in odor and in hue ' . William Shakespeare once wrote . Try telling that to apparent cold-blooded Manchester City stars Yaya Toure , Sergio Aguero , Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala , who chose to pull on their woolies for April 's blockbuster Manchester derby in front of an unforgiving Old Trafford crowd ; unusually late for this time of year . Admittedly temperatures in the north west on Sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees Celsius by the time of the 4 pm kick off - but was it enough to wear gloves while competing as a top athlete for 90 minutes ? Probably not . Yaya Toure -LRB- left -RRB- was one of four players in the Manchester derby who chose to wear gloves at Old Trafford . After another below-par game Toure was described by Gary Neville as a ` weed ' in Manchester City 's garden . Glove-wearing Sergio Aguero opened the scoring on derby day . It was a far from blossoming performance for the visitors as well , and like autumn leaves City fell embarrassingly to their local rivals . After a less-than-warm welcome and despite springing first at Old Trafford following an early strike from Sergio Aguero , City lacked the killer edge to overcome their adversaries . This time of year is notorious for exposing a plague of unwanted weeds in the garden , and Gary Neville knew this all too well after the clash saw his former enemies lose for the fourth time in six Premier League matches . Eliaquim Mangala looked shaky again in the Manchester City defence but at least his hands stayed warm . Argentina defender Martin Demichelis -LRB- right -RRB- slides in on Wayne Rooney during the fierce encounter . Outlook : Sprinkles . Partly sunny . Wind : 14 mph . Humidity : ↑ 93 % . Temperature : 43 -LRB- F -RRB- . ` There are some weeds in the garden and you 've got to get them out of the changing room pretty quick , ' Neville said of the City players - particularly Toure - in his post-match analysis . ` You can not carry passengers . ' Goals from Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Juan Mata and Chris Smalling made sure under-fire boss Manuel Pellegrini would be thinking about preparing his weed killer by the end of the night . But it was n't only the City quartet who needed the warmth ... Fourth official at Old Trafford , Jonathan Moss , was also sporting a pair of hand warmers whilst introducing both sets of substitutes on Sunday . However , we 'll let him off , he was only watching . Fourth official Jonathan Moss was also among those to wrap up warm at Old Trafford .