A five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item ` bucket list ' for their terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off . Elijah McCrae 's heartbroken parents , Jessica and Andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' , after he died in his mother 's arms on Monday evening . ` We thought we had at least another week , ' Ms McCrae said . ` It is with a heavy heart , that our baby Elijah has passed away . He passed peacefully in my arms . They tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it 's his time . ' ` We thought we had at least another week , ' Ms McCrae said . ` It is with a heavy heart , that our baby Elijah has passed away . He passed peacefully in my arms ' In a series of heartbreaking posts , Ms McCrae documented the gut-wrenching final stages of their beloved son 's fight for life . ` I 'd rather death happen suddenly than have to grieve the impending death of my child then grieve again when he dies , ' she posted on April 17 . ` I became so overwhelmed at knowing that one day I will be in the house without him in this world . ' On the morning of April 19 , the parents were overwhelmed by love and hope , and shared a picture of Elijah in his hospital bed . ` He is full of smiles - love this kid , ' it read . ` Tomorrow we discuss Elijah 's end of life care in a multidisciplinary meeting . And hopefully we can then go home within a few days . ' That hope was replaced by fear later in the day , when Elijah took a turn for the worse . ` About an hour and a half ago I saw Elijah stop breathing , ' she posted about 8 pm on April 19 . Little Elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- . He was born strong , before becoming ` very floppy ' ` His sweet face will always know how to bring a smile to my face , even long after he has left us , ' his mum Jessica McCrae said . ` He was white and he closed his eyes . This was the first time I saw him like that . ` He is incredibly weak and we are now wondering what it all means . This means that we will most likely never be going home . I fainted when I saw his chest stop rising and falling . Amid the unimaginable dread , his parents were given a moment of immense happiness , when their baby Elijah began ` smiling like nothing happened ' after the scare . Hours later , Elijah died in his mother 's loving arms . The first item ticked off Ellijah 's list was a trip to the Sydney Royal Easter Show so he could meet all of the animals . Andrew , Jessica and Elijah had a day out at the Easter Show earlier this month . Elijah is pictured with some of his furry friends . His parents had hoped to take him to Sydney Wildlife World and Featherdale Wildlife Park as well . His parents created the to-do list after he was diagnosed with a genetic illness that meant he would likely not live to see his second birthday . Elijah suffered from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- , which saw him get weaker as he got older . The family , from Penrith in Sydney 's west , were able to visit the Sydney Royal Easter Show - ticking off one of the items on the bucket list . The list included plans to take a road trip to Queensland to watching the sunrise , and visits to Sydney 's aquarium and Opera House , Ms McCrae told Daily Mail Australia . ` Just because he ca n't move his body does n't mean he ca n't enjoy life any other way , like the rest of us can , ' she said . Andrew McCrae cradles his little boy . Born strong , he became ` very floppy ' . His parents were devastated when he was diagnosed . They created the list in an effort to avoid wallowing in the sadness of the shocking situation . ` You can sit there and be depressed about it , or say , `` he 's here for two years , we 've got to make the most of it , ' Jessica said . They created the list out of their love for their son , and heartbreak at seeing other happy families having fun with their grown children . ` I thought , `` let 's make a bucket list . ` I 've got my own - like travelling the world - but -LRB- Elijah -RRB- wo n't ever be able to do things like that . ` So why do n't we do things we would do with a child when we 're older ? ` The hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' Jessica said . ` We have to enjoy it now . We do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now . ' The family had made a fundraising page in the hope they could use the money to complete the list together . But the item they want the most is to celebrate Elijah 's first birthday with a big party , and had hoped he would make it to that milestone . ` We have to enjoy it now . We do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now ' ` The hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' Jessica said . Elijah was born very strong but has lost a lot of muscle because of his condition . `` It breaks you , to see your baby get so weak , ' his mum said . 1 . Trip to New Zealand . 2 . The Gold Coast . 3 . Experience Movie World . 4 . See Sea World . 5 . Visit Australia Zoo . 6 . Go to Wollongong . . 7 . An adventure to Forster . 8 . See Palm Beach . 9 . Take a peek at The Entrance . 10 . Go to Coffs Harbour . 11 . Swing by Byron Bay . 12 . Attend the Sydney Aquarium . 13 . See the creatures at Sydney Wildlife Park . 14 . Pat the animals at Featherdale Wildlife Park . 15 . Paddle at Manly/Bondi Beach . 16 . See the Opera House . 17 . Visit Darling Harbour . 18 . Be dazzled by the Vivid Light Festival . 19 . Take him on a ferry . 20 . Watch the sunset and sunrise . 21 . Visit The Three Sisters/Blue Mountains . 22 . Go to Mt Tomah -LRB- ` a taste of Scotland ' -RRB- . 23 . Attend the Bundanoon Highland Gathering . 24 . Have a family photoshoot . 25 . Celebrate his 6th months on Earth with a party . 26 . Dedicate him to God . 26 . Host a 1st birthday party . 27 . Go to the Easter Show -LRB- done -RRB- . 28 . Head to a museum . 29 . Visit the look-a-likes at Madame Tussauds .