Mohammad Liaqat launched into a ` racist tirade ' after Mount Carmel School headteacher Xavier Bowers -LRB- pictured -RRB- banned Muslim pupils from growing beards . A Muslim father stormed into a Catholic school and launched a tirade of racial abuse at teachers after two teenage pupils were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards . Mohammad Liaqat even assaulted the headmaster during the rampage in which he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children . The 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at Mount Carmel High School which stated that pupils could not have beards . Liaqat launched into a ` racist tirade ' at white members of staff after 14-year-old boys were told they could not keep their facial hair , police said . After being arrested , Liaqat was told to stay away from the school , so went to another school nearby where he continued his rant . When Jeff Brown , headmaster of St Oswald 's Roman Catholic Primary School , asked him to move on , Liaqat shoulder barged him , Burnley Crown Court was told . He has a child at the secondary school in Accrington , Lancashire , but was not related to the two 14-year-olds who wanted to have facial hair for religious reasons . Liaqat launched his first outburst even though the situation involving the students ' beards had already been resolved at Mount Carmel . During a three-day trial this week , Liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour . He was remanded into custody at Burnley Crown Court and will be sentenced in June . Mount Carmel school said the ruling on beards was part of the school 's dress code , but the 14-year-olds wanted to keep their facial hair for religious reasons . After being taught in isolation for breaking the school rules , Mount Carmel governors decided that the students could keep their beards so long as they signed up to a programme at their mosque to show their faith . After the trial , Xavier Bowers , headteacher at Mount Carmel said : ` We are pleased that justice has been done in this instance . ` My staff were simply doing their job at the time , supervising our children leaving school and making sure they were safe . ` Without provocation , they were verbally assaulted and abused in front of the children and parents . ` We always try to work towards good relationships with our families . This was an unfortunate incident , but we can now draw a line under it and move on . We are largely a happy school and we have good relationships with our local community . ' Mohammad Liaqat racially abused teachers at Mount Carmel Roman Catholic High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Accrington after Muslim students were told they could not grow beards . Liaqat then moved on to another school , where he assaulted the headteacher after he was asked to leave , Burnley Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard . Mr Brown , from St Oswald 's school , said : ` I am glad this matter has now been concluded and I am looking forward to getting back to concentrating on school life . ' PC Dave Hall , from the hate crime and cohesion unit at Lancashire Police , said : ` Ultimately , the issue at Mount Carmel was amicably resolved , but Liaqat decided to take it upon himself to stage his own personal protest . ` He racially abused several of the school staff and he kept referring to Mount Carmel as a racist school . He went on a racist tirade towards the white members of staff . He made it quite clear he was deeply upset . ` After being arrested , he was released on bail . He decided to vent his fury at St Oswald 's Primary . ` He had reason to be there but not to behave in the way he did . ` Liaqat was causing problems , which led to the headteacher asking him to leave the premises . He reacted by racially abusing staff there and assaulting the head . ` What he did was completely unacceptable . Whatever his motives , we can not accept this kind of behaviour . ' Liaqat was remanded in custody and will be sentenced in June . Although growing a beard is not obligatory under Islam , the Prophet Mohammed is thought to have had one and worshippers seek to emulate this tradition .