A 25-year-old is facing jail on fraud charges after she allegedly faked having terminal cancer to her family and friends . Meaghan Hudson , 25 , left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in December 2013 , saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma , a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow , and she was unlikely to survive . Miss Hudson 's friends , who have known her since high school in Dayton , Ohio , went to great lengths to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric . Scroll down for video . The nursing student raised $ 5,000 through a fundraising website after telling family and friends that she was suffering from cancer . Meaghan Hudson -LRB- pictured left -RRB- said she had multiple myeloma in 2013 . Close friends -LRB- including Chelsey Whild , right -RRB- rushed to support her , even shaving their heads in solidarity and getting tattoos . The 25-year-old , who lives in Chula Vista , California , also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother , Margaret Hudson . Well-wishers sent $ 5,000 towards her ` medical expenses ' and high school friend Chelsey Whild also told NBC that a further $ 2,000 was raised for Meaghan at a bowling alley event . Miss Whild , who was one of a group of friends who shaved her head and got a tattoo , added : ` At one point there was the understanding that she may have had less than a year to live . ' Meaghan 's sister , Haley Hudson , said that Meaghan 's closest family had also been deceived and they took her stories of doctor 's appointments as the truth , unable to verify the information because they live in a different state . However Haley said that some details jarred with Meaghan 's version of events . She told 10 News : ` Little stuff , like the fact that her hair grew back pretty thick and usually with cancer patients it does n't . ' Her sister believes that Meaghan 's alleged stunt was a cry for attention . Last July , Meaghan 's story fell apart after an anonymous tip was made to the Chula Vista Police Department saying that she did n't really have cancer . Police said the 25-year-old admitted to faking the disease . On August 23rd last year , Meaghan 's stepmother , who lives in Texas , posted an emotional apology on Give Forward . She wrote : ` I am saddened , embarrassed , and ashamed to have to give you this news , especially via email . ` You are receiving this message because you contributed to the cancer fundraiser back in December 2013 for Meaghan Hudson . We have recently learned that Meaghan does not have cancer . While initially that sounds like good news -LRB- and it is in many ways -RRB- , she has deceived her family and friends into believing she has been suffering from multiple myeloma for over a year now . Meaghan and friends got inspirational tattoos with the words ` sing on ' after she told them that she was suffering from cancer in December 2013 . Hudson -LRB- left -RRB- with friends at a fundraising event for her cancer battle . Police received an anonymous tip last summer that she had been faking the disease which she owned up to . ` She is not sick , even despite her ongoing claims that she does have some type of illness that has simply not been diagnosed . ' Margaret Hudson said that the family had learned the shocking news from police which also revealed to them that Meaghan had not attended San Diego State University as they had believed and did not have a nursing degree or license . The statement continued : ` She called her father on Wednesday night to confess to us personally and claims to be ready to make positive changes in her life . ` I know that you have given your hard earned money out of sincere concern and support for Meaghan and our family . I ca n't express to you how much I appreciate that and how very sorry I am that your generosity has been taken advantage of in this situation . ' Mrs Hudson and Meaghan 's father Sean then promised to pay back every person who had donated . Hudson was arrested in January and charged with theft by deception and grand theft . She is due in court on Monday . She is reportedly living with a friend and has not been in contact with her family and friends . The woman 's devastated family were forced to post an apology to those who have donated money to her cancer campaign and vowed to pay every cent back .