Nightclub promoters have apologised after a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their Easter weekend event - just a week after the owner 's son was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the venue . A photo of a ` drunken ' young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on SOHO nightclub 's Facebook page on April 3 - a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club . The 23-year-old privileged son of Andrew Lazarus , the owner of the venue in Sydney 's Kings Cross , was jailed for at least three years for the crime on March 27 . The photo 's caption said : ` We 're throwing an extra special Yeezter event Tonight . Free entry till 10 pm and $ 5 drinks till midnight -- get amongst it ! ' Scroll down for video . Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's SOHO nightclub on May 12 , 2013 . A photo of a drunken looking young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on SOHO nightclub 's Facebook page on April 3 by an ` external promoter ' The disturbing image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on Twitter , the Daily Life reports , with one shocked social media user complaining : ` This is how Luke Lazarus -LRB- sic -RRB- father promotes nightclub SOHO . Posted week after sentencing ! ' . A Twitter user told Daily Mail Australia : ` Once it did Twitter rounds and people started commenting it was removed by Saturday . ' A SOHO management spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia : ` The event on the night was set up by an external promoter as a one-off event . ` He was given access to the official Facebook page but as soon as we noticed he 'd put that up it was taken down . ' The club agreed that the photo used was ` 100 per cent inappropriate ' . During Luke Lazarus 's rape trial , the jury was told that the former private schoolboy boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at his father 's club , the SOHO , before he ushered her into an alleyway . During Luke Lazarus 's rape trial , the jury were told he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at the SOHO , before he ushered her into an alleyway . Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars . He told the court that attending his father 's clubs gave him an ` inflated sense of power and entitlement ' The woman attempted to go back inside in the early hours of May 12 , 2013 , but Lazarus forcefully told her to get down on the ground on all fours . In sentencing him , Judge Sarah Huggett found the offence was not premeditated but said he was reckless . ` I am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt he must have realised there was a possibility she was n't consenting , ' she told Sydney 's District Court . But she said he was ` not caring in one way or another whether she was consenting ' . On the night the teen was assaulted , the court heard it was the first time she had gone to Sydney 's Kings Cross . The SOHO nightclub is a popular venue in Sydney 's Kings Cross district . After entering the club Soho , Lazarus walked up to her , told her he was a part owner in the venue and showed her a business card . He then asked if she would like to enter a VIP area before taking her into an alleyway out back . They kissed but when she said she wanted to go back to her friends he said : ` No , stay ' . He pulled her stockings down , ignored a second request by her to leave and said in an authoritative tone ` put your f *** ing hands on the wall , get on the floor and arch your back ' . Scared , she complied . During the ten minute assault that followed , the teen told him she was a virgin . The disturbing image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on Twitter . The photo which caused offence on April 3 is in-line with similar photos posted the club 's Facebook page . When it was over Lazarus told her to add her name to a list of conquests in his phone that he had . He later texted a friend ` sick night , took a chick 's virginity LOL so tight ' . Judge Huggett said : ` It was her right to kiss the accused and it was her right to say she wanted to return to her friend . The offender ignored that . ' The girl informed police the next morning who seized CCTV footage from the venue which confirmed Lazarus led the woman into the alleyway . Judge Huggett said Lazarus came from a privileged upbringing and had an inflated sense of entitlement and power when he was at the Soho . But she found he had good prospects of rehabilitation , was unlikely to reoffend and was suffering from an adjustment disorder due to a break-up in the weeks prior to the offence . She sentenced him to a maximum of five years in jail . He will be eligible for release in March 2018 . Judge Huggett said Lazarus , a South Sydney Rabbitohs fan , came from a privileged upbringing . Lazarus told the court that attending his father 's clubs gave him an ` inflated sense of power and entitlement . ' He also added that it made him physically ill to think that the incident was not consensual . The 23-year-old was allegedly seeing an American woman but ended the relationship due to his parent 's disapproval of her not being Greek . Psychiatrist Dr. Christopher Rikard-Bell , said Lazarus was suffering emotional symptoms as a result of the break up . After Lazarus 's sentencing a series of prominent public figures in the local community spoke out in his defence with character references . Waverley mayor Sally Betts , the honorary secretary of the Honorary Consulate-General of Greece in Brisbane , Tsambico K Athanasas , South Sydney Rabbitohs rugby league club chairman Nick Pappas and the parish priest at the Greek Orthodox Christian Church of St George , Rose Bay , Father Gerasimos Koutsouras , spoke out to support him . Australia 's first Minister for the Prevention of Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Pru Goward slammed his supporters , saying : ` Not only does this diminish their standing , it can shatter the confidence of the victim and often discourages them from seeking justice . '