This is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in Illinois , who films it from his truck . The driver , Sam Smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . It 's an apocalyptic sight - and Mr Smith feels trapped , because he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so does n't know how to escape . This is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in Illinois , who filmed it from his truck . The driver , Sam Smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . Harrowing : It then passes right in front of his truck - while Mr Smith spoke to his son on the phone . He says on the video : ` This is a tornado and I can not tell which way it is going . So I do n't know how to get away from it . But it looks like it 's coming right towards me . ' Sounding remarkably calm , he continues : ` Yep , it 's going to come right over me . Let 's see if I can back up a little bit and get under the bridge . Yeah , it 's coming right over me . ` Oh c ** p. I 've never been in a tornado before . Totally crazy . It 's coming right over the top of me . It 's a little bit scary . ` I do n't really know what to do except I guess just sit here . Maybe duck down . Oh my gosh . That 's crazy . Crazy , crazy . Holy smokes . The truck feels like it 's about to lift up off the ground . ' The tornado blows debris across the road in front of Mr Smith 's truck . As the tornado sweeps past Mr Smith says that the truck felt like it was going to lift off the ground . Mr Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday when the harrowing encounter took place . Mr Smith said afterwards that he hung up on his son so he would think they were disconnected as ` it seemed things were going to get real bad ' Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact , but the footage clearly shows that it was a close call . Mr Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday when the harrowing encounter took place . He said afterwards : ` There was heavy rain and I saw cars pulling off the side of the road . I thought it was because they did not want to drive in heavy rain . Then it started hailing very large golf ball-sized hail . I thought the truck would be dented so I pulled off the road under and over-pass with several other vehicles . ` As I was leaving that over-pass my son called and I answered . It was then that I saw the tornado far off in the distance . He was excited and asked me to record it . So as I approached the next over-pass I pulled under it . ` Having no idea it was coming right my way . I continued to film and backed my truck further under the over-pass . As it got closer and closer I realized it was most likely going to hit me . I remained calm since I had my son on the phone . As it got closer it seemed likely things were going to get real bad and so I hung up on my son without saying goodbye so he would think we just got disconnected . The video tells a pretty good story from there . ' According to the Storm Prediction Center in Oklahoma , Mr Smith should not have backed his car under a bridge when he caught sight of the tornado . It says on its online tornado safety guide that if you 're in a vehicle when one comes near that you must ` avoid seeking shelter under bridges ' as it can create ` deadly traffic hazards while offering little protection against flying debris ' . It continues : ` There is no safe option when caught in a tornado in a car , just slightly less-dangerous ones . If the tornado is visible , far away , and the traffic is light , you may be able to drive out of its path by moving at right angles to the tornado . ` Seek shelter in a sturdy building , or underground if possible . If you are caught by extreme winds or flying debris , park the car as quickly and safely as possible - out of the traffic lanes . Stay in the car with the seat belt on . Put your head down below the windows , cover your head with your hands and a blanket , coat , or other cushion if possible . If you can safely get noticeably lower than the level of the roadway , leave your car and lie in that area , covering your head with your hands . If you 're in a mobile home it strongly advises to leave immediately and to head to the basement if you live in a house that has one . If you 're in a building with lots of glass occupants should go to a windowless room on the lowest floor possible , the guide says .