Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water . Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed celebrity chef Pete Evans for promoting fluoride-free water , saying he is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle . It comes after concerned medical professionals described Evans ' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming Australian tap water . Ms Skinner said she was ` highly disappointed ' to see the My Kitchen Rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise , in which she has refused to watch his reality cooking show . ` Here we are spending a lot of effort and energy in educating people about the value of fluoridation , about the fact that there are no risks associated with vaccination , or very low risks , and that there is no connection between vaccination and autism , and it is countered by a celebrity who knows nothing from a specialist point of view , ' she told The Sunday Telegraph . ` I 'm highly disappointed that they would use a platform of cooking . That is totally inappropriate and quite disturbing , which is why I wo n't watch those programs anymore . ' Evans ' has responded to the Health Minister 's concerns , saying he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation . ` I welcome the opportunity to discuss the value of fluoridation with Ms Skinner , but ask that she , or any other party , does not misrepresent my views , opinions or beliefs . ' The revelation follows after Evans threw his weight behind an anti-fluoride campaign where he proudly wore a ` Fluoride Free WA ' t-shirt on Facebook to promote the Perth-based lobby group 's cause . Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed celebrity chef Pete Evans for promoting fluoride-free water . Evans has also been under fire for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy , cereal and processed meats . Some slogans on the Fluoride Free WA Facebook page that Evans is a passionate advocate for . ` Alkalised water -LRB- maybe I just should 've just said filtered water ? -RRB- - we have a portable mineral pot -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- water filter which rids tap water from potential carcinogens -LRB- chorine , chemicals , bacteria etc -RRB- , ' he said in a post on his Facebook page . Evans and his family do n't drink tap water . ` I realise there 's plenty of controversy around alkalised water , but I would rather choose this option over drinking tap water or bottled water , as it works out cheaper in the long run , and is environmentally friendly . ' Australian Medical Association Victorian president Tony Bartone hit back at the outspoken chef telling Daily Mail Australia that Evans needed to stick to what he does best . ` All evidence at this stage both reliable studies and research from universities , the World Health Organisation , and by the Australian Dental Association points to the fact that basically fluoridation is an important public health initiative - it does prevent tooth decay , ' Dr Bartone said . ` Celebrity chefs should stick to their knitting and stay out of the debate - his comments belong back in the Stone Age . ' ` People like this are using their fame and influence in areas that they have no expertise - obviously a top class chef but when it comes to scientific research and understanding - they are lacking . ' Evans has previously been slammed for his endorsement of the controversial Paleo diet , which his family abides by , that includes meat , fish , vegetables , and fruit but excludes dairy or cereal products and processed food . ` I 'm occasionally ridiculed or accused of ignorance because I choose to eat and feed my family what I believe to be a nutrient dense diet , ' he said on his Facebook page . ` I ca n't help but find it so bizarre as to why some people find my food choices so offensive ? ' He says his decisions are an important part of being a parent - adding that ` ignorance is not bliss ' . ` I 'm a father and I take that privilege very seriously , so for me striving for optimum health and trying new things whenever possible , so that I can be a responsible role model for my daughters and still be able to surf right up until the end , is the ultimate goal , ' he posted . Evans -LRB- left -RRB- says his role as a father is to strive for optimum health for his children . The My Kitchen Rules judge -LRB- pictured with fellow judge Manu Fieldel left -RRB- thinks it is bizarre that some people find his food choices so offensive . However , Dr Bartone sees Evans ' stance as abusing his high profile media personality . ` It is influencing vulnerable others - people who are time-poor - and will unfortunately just look at celebrity endorsement and think it must be good and follow the argument without delving into the facts , he said . ` It affects the health message we are trying to impart on our patients and the community at large - especially in times when know that health and well-being is crucial and key to a number of illnesses and health factors that have a huge cross burden on society . '