The father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State fighters in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence , it has been revealed . It is believed the man , from Brent , northwest London , works in the military 's post office , where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas . He has been put on compassionate leave from his post , after the MoD considered suspending him , a source has said . It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked . The father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State fighters in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence , it has been revealed . It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked , but it has post offices at RAF Northolt -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The Times reports that he is one of the parents of the three boys , one aged 19 , and two aged 17 , who raised the alarm about their missing children . The MoD declined to comment . Last month it was revealed that the students were intercepted in Turkey after their parents realised they had fled to join the terrorist group . They dialled 999 and British police quickly tipped off their Turkish counterparts . Officials swooped on the group within minutes of their flight touching down in Istanbul . But instead of being praised for his actions , he was reportedly put on compassionate leave after first facing suspension , it has been claimed . Last month it was revealed that the students were intercepted in Turkey after their parents realised they had fled to join the terrorist group . They dialled 999 and British police quickly tipped off their Turkish counterparts . Officials swooped on the group within minutes of their flight touching down in Istanbul -LRB- file picture -RRB- . The three teenagers were brought back to Britain where they were questioned at a high-security London police station on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism , before being released on bail . Investigators hope to discover how they planned to reach the war zone and why they decided to try to do so . More than 600 Britons have fled the country for Syria and Iraq since the explosion of violence in the region began . More than 600 Britons have fled the country for Syria and Iraq since the explosion of violence in the region began . They include 22 women and girls who have travelled in the past 12 months , many of whom wanted to become ` jihadi brides ' . IS controls huge areas of the two countries and has attracted thousands of foreign fighters to its cause . Turkey has faced criticism for not controlling its border with Syria , but has accused European states of failing to prevent would-be jihadists from leaving in the first place .