From alien coffins to fossilised lizards , conspiracy theorists believe they have found all manner of strange items in Nasa 's images of Mars . Now , one alien hunter claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet , with armed people peering out of its windows . Andre Gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity . Scroll down for video . A conspiracy theorist claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet , with armed people peering out of its windows -LRB- shown by the dotted red line -RRB- . He says he became suspicious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look . ` I was stunned . It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater , ' Gignac told Cryptozoology News . ` You can see a person behind the bunker 's window , ' the 58-year-old added . He claims that the ` bunker ' ` could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker ' . ` Also , not far from this bunker are missiles , rockets and structures deployed in a circle , ' he says . ` Bunkers have been spotted in previous Nasa pictures , some might be caused by shadows or lack of resolution that does n't give enough detail to clearly see if the structure is a bunker or not , ' Nigel Watson , author of the UFO investigations Manual , told Dailymail.com . Andre Gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity . Pictured From left to right , are structures , missiles and rockets Cignac claims he found in Nasa 's image . Cignac claims he became curious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look . ` Others have claimed that bunker pictures were taken by the European Space Agency , Mars Express orbital vehicle . ` These were explained as being of erosional features or caused by the way the pictures were stitched together . ` Whatever the `` mundane '' explanation I think we are more fascinated by the idea that there are people secretly living beneath the surface of Mars and they are part of some secret space program . ` Such a project would need vast resources and would be very hard to keep covered up , yet many think this is what is happening and that these activities are being carried out in conjunction with one or more alien species . ' The latest discovery follows a spate of supposed ` sightings ' of Martian civilisation . Last year , a Maryland-based UFO hunter spotted what he believed to be a ` decorative ' box on the red planet . Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana -LRB- left -RRB- . Stock image of an iguana is pictured right . The so-called ` coffin ' was found by Will Farrar from WhatsUpintheSky37 as he trawled through a library of pictures sent back by the Mars rover Curiosity . The image pictured inset has been edited . The ` coffin ' was discovered by Will Farrar from WhatsUpintheSky37 as he trawled through a library of pictures sent back by the Mars rover Curiosity . Many scientists believe that seeing strange objects , such as a ` coffin ' on Mars , is simple a case of pareidolia . This is a psychological response to seeing faces and other significant and everyday items in random places . It is a form of apophenia , which is when people see patterns or connections in unconnected data . There have been multiple occasions when people have claimed to see religious images and themes in unexpected places , especially the faces of religious figures . Many involve images of Jesus , the Virgin Mary and the word Allah . For example , in September 2007 a callus on a tree resembled a monkey , leading believers in Singapore to pay homage to the Monkey god . Another famous instance was when Mary 's face was a grilled cheese sandwich . Images of Jesus have even been spotted inside the lid of a jar of Marmite and in a potato . ` This little box sure does look like a modern coffin concrete liner , ' he wrote on his YouTube channel . ` As well as the stonework on the back part of the hill that looks like stairs or some left over stonework from some old civilisations constructions . ' Alien researcher Scott Waring of the UFO Sightings Daily said he believes the coffin was made from a stone-like substance . ` What would it take to get Nasa to turn the rover around and examine the contents of this box ? , ' he said . But while its strong lines have captured the imagination of UFO bloggers , scientists believe sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called Pareidolia . This describes the brain 's response to seeing faces and other significant objects in random places . It has evolved so that human eyes can spot faces within their environment , and to help them recognise friends in a crowd . Scientists claim we also tend to use this ability to ` enrich our imagination ' and recognise meaningful shapes , even when they 're not there . ` I stand ready to be convinced that I have possibly hallucinated . I wo n't mind being told that I 'm wrong , ' Cignac says . Last year , UFO enthusiasts claimed to have spotted Barack Obama 's head on the Martian surface . They say a panoramic image from 2005 taken by the Spirit rover shows a rock shaped uncannily like his head .