Sending dozens of messages or playing games for hours can cause your phone to overheat , which can drain battery and even damage the device . Now an Israeli team of developers has built a ` thermal protection ' case that not only warns you when your phone is getting too hot , it will automatically cool it down . Called Amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device , or can heat a phone using resistance coils if it gets too cold . Scroll down for video . The Optimal case -LRB- pictured -RRB- was designed by Israel-based Amited . Sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans . And if it gets too hot , Optimal engages its Anti-Freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . The recommended storage temperature for most batteries is 15 ° c -LRB- 59 ° f -RRB- , while the ` extreme allowable ' temperature is 40 ° c to 50 ° c -LRB- 40 ° c to 122 ° f -RRB- . Studies have found that a phone is most efficient when it 's between 0 ° and 35 ° c -LRB- 32 ° f to 95 ° f -RRB- , and keeping it as near room temperature as possible -LRB- 22 ° C or 72 C f -RRB- is ideal . At an average temperature of 0 ° c -LRB- 32 ° f -RRB- , a lithium-ion battery will lose six per cent of its maximum capacity every year . At 25 ° c -LRB- 77 ° f -RRB- degrees that number jumps to 20 per cent . Optimal syncs with a smartphone over Bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone 's temperature when Auto mode is enabled , using built-in temperature and humidity sensors . Optimal syncs with a smartphone over Bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone 's temperature when Auto mode is enabled , using built-in temperature and humidity sensors . The board and fans are pictured . Auto mode can be disabled and users can also manually track temperature changes using an app . This app shows changes over time , but also reveals which apps in particular are having the highest thermal effect on the phone . Users can then set their own custom temperatures zones and set alarm thresholds . Inside the 0.19-inch -LRB- 5 mm -RRB- thick case is a pair of ` virtually silent ' , 0.07 inch -LRB- 2 mm -RRB- micro-fans with air flow of 1.3 litres per minute . These dissipate the heat and cool the phone down . Amited is also fitted with an ultra-thin heating coils attached to the back of a conductive copper plate . When Optimal notices a drop in temperature , Anti-Freeze mode will engage these coils to stop the phone from freezing , even in sub-freezing conditions . Optimal 's sensors are pictured . When Optimal 's air vents are blocked , for example when the phone is in a pocket or bag , it will alert the user to warn them the temperature in their phone needs to be corrected . Alternatively , the phone can use Optimal 's built-in battery as a backup . Optimal is fitted with temperature sensors , resistance coils and two 2 mm micro-fans . It syncs with a smartphone over Bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone 's temperature when in Auto mode . If it gets too hot , Optimal will cool the device using the micro-fans . These fans help the phone dissipate heat faster and cools down the device . And if the phone gets too hot , Optimal engages its Anti-Freeze protection to gently heat the phone using the resistance coils . Optimal remains in low-power , ` sleeping mode ' the rest of the time to conserve battery . Auto mode can be switched off at any time , though , and people can manually analyse their phone 's temperature , as well as see which apps impacting the device . Plus , when Optimal 's air vents are blocked , for example when the phone is in a pocket or bag , it alerts the user to warn them the temperature of their phone needs to be corrected . Alternatively , the phone can use Optimal 's built-in battery as a backup . Amited is launching an Indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case -LRB- pictured -RRB- on 9 April . Optimal will be available for pre-order for Apple , Samsung , Nexus , HTC & Xperia phones . Prices have n't been announced . Studies have found that a phone is most efficient between 0 ° and 35 ° c -LRB- 32 ° f to 95 ° f -RRB- , and keeping it as near room temperature as possible -LRB- 22 ° C or 72 C f -RRB- is ideal . At an average temperature of 0 ° c -LRB- 32 ° f -RRB- , a lithium-ion battery will lose 6 % of its maximum capacity every year . At 25 ° c -LRB- 77 ° f -RRB- degrees that number jumps to 20 % . Batteries exposed to hot temperatures lose their ability to store energy and the hotter the temperature , the faster they lose this ability . Extreme heatcan also cause permanent battery failure if exposed for long periods . In the cold , when the temperatures drop low enough , the phone could think its battery is empty even if it 's fully charged . The colder it gets , the least amount of energy that the battery can provide . In addition , the internal resistance of the battery grows , causing the output voltage to drop . When Auto mode is enabled , these subtle temperature changes are tracked automatically , but this mode can be disabled and users can manually track these changes using the Optimal app . This app shows temperature changes over time , but also reveals which apps are having the highest thermal effect on the phone . Users can then set custom operation modes based on their activity and location , set their own custom temperatures zones and set alarm thresholds . ` Heat is the worst enemy of your smartphone battery , ' said Amited . ` Like all electronics , constant exposure to the elements will have a negative impact on your smartphone . ` Intense usage will lead to overheating , while extreme cold weather will lead to some circuits freezing inside your smartphone . ` In time , these can affect the performance of your phone 's CPU , battery and GPU . And , eventually , they 'll let you down completely . ' ` Optimal is the world 's first thermal protection case designed to keep your smartphone working at its best , no matter where you go or how excessive you use it . ' Amited is launching an Indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case on the 9 April . Optimal cases will then be available for pre-order for Apple , Samsung , Nexus , HTC & Xperia phones . Prices have not been announced .