The father of an asthmatic nursing student who died during a traffic stop is threatening to sue police . Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit , Michigan , on Monday night when he was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows . The 24-year-old was handcuffed , despite complaining that he had trouble breathing , before suffering a fatal heart attack . Nursing student Anthony Clark Reed -LRB- left and right -RRB- was driving around Detroit , Michigan , on Monday night when he was pulled over . He suffered a heart attack during a traffic stop after complaining he had trouble breathing . His father , pastor Kevin Clark , claimed his son had been ` driving erratically ' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler . He told The Huffington Post that he suffered an asthma attack , and the police were indirectly responsible for his death . ` He was gasping for air , looking for his inhaler -LSB- as he was driving -RSB- , ' Clark told the site . ` When Detroit police pulled him out of the car he was already in panic mode ... and they handcuffed him , and he 's trying to tell them he ca n't breathe . ` I believe it caused his death ... He dropped dead right there , in the hands of Detroit police officers who were negligent . ' He described how he found out about his son 's death two hours after the incident . When he arrived at the hospital , he claims no one from Detroit Police was there to tell him what happened . His father , pastor Kevin Clark , claimed his son had been ` driving erratically ' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler . He is planning to sue police for their role in his son 's death . Only a hospital chaplain was there when he was asked to identify his son 's body . It was n't until the next morning that he was able to speak to officers . Spokeswoman June West said : ` We provided him with answers as best we could at this stage of the investigation and we will be reaching out to the family in the next few days to provide them with updated information as it becomes available . ' Jennifer Moreno from the Detroit Police media relations department told MILive : ` Officers did stop the gentleman for a traffic violation and subsequently he exited the vehicle ... had an asthma attack . ` They gave him his inhaler -LRB- and -RRB- they administered CPR when the gentleman passed out and then -LRB- an ambulance -RRB- was ordered ... ' The coroner 's office have yet to determine the cause of death . Pastor Clark -LRB- pictured with Anthony Clark Reed 's twin sisters -RRB- claimed there was n't anyone from Detroit Police at the hospital when he arrived to identify his son 's body .