From working sunrise until sunset to a heart-warming embrace between a girl and her horse - these stunning pictures give city dwellers a glimpse into the life and hardships faced by Australians who live in our country 's most regional areas . Run in conjunction with an annual cattlemen 's conference , the photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . Locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer . Winner : Marie Muldoon 's heartwarming shot took out the competition , also snagging the People 's Choice award . Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse , titled True Love . The moving photograph which speaks to the intrinsic link between man and animal was voted the overall winner , also snagging the People 's Choice award . Tracey Hayes , chief executive of the Northern Territory Cattlemen 's Association , told the ABC that the competition provides a platform for people from remote communities to illustrate what it 's like to live in rural Australia . ` It 's an insight into the lives of people living on the land and a way of connecting the bush to the broader urban community , ' she said . Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric . Eric : ` It 's an insight into the lives of people living on the land and a way of connecting the bush to the broader urban community . ' The raw image captures the expressions of a rural man during an intimate moment of vulnerability . The winner of the ` Industry at work or play ' category goes to Jacynta Coffey for her stunning shot titled Sunrise Draft . The photograph captures a farmers black silhouette against an amazing haze of orange light during a Northern Territory sunset . The competition asks for images that will illustrate the Northern Territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . Lastly , the ` NT landscape ' category was won by Anna Weir for her amazing photograph of waterlogged farm land called No. 11 Ammaroo . The photograph explores the intense impact mother nature can have on workers in regional areas . The annual competition was held at the Northern Territory Cattlemen 's Association 's conference . Anna Weir took out the landscape category with her photograph of a flooded field called No. 11 Ammaroo . Jacynta Coffey had an amazing year in 2014 as she took out the whole competition with a photo titled Trucking which depicts a convoy of trucks parading through a lush green pasture . Ms Coffey also won the People 's Choice category with her photo Feeding the Bulls and the NT Landscape category for her photo Sunset Storm . Trucking : This shot which represents typical station life won the competition for Jacynta Coffey back in 2014 . Sunset storm : This breathtaking shot of a storm against green pastures won the 2014 landscape category . Feeding the bulls : A photo of a small child standing by as bulls rush towards a feeding trough won the People 's Choice award in 2014 . The relationship between man and animals remains a constant theme through the photography competition . Tania Brooks snagged 2014 's best portrait with her shot ` Noo Noo and Toby '