Brontosaurus has made a thundering comeback after being sent into exile by the scientific community . The long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth with its legacy captivating children 's imaginations the world over . But despite the ` thunder lizard ' being deep rooted in popular culture , for more than a century scientists believed the infamous dinosaur never existed . The giant dinosaur and its evocative name - meaning ` thunder lizard ' - has enthralled generations of youngsters.But since 1903 , experts have believed the creature was originally misnamed . Pictured is a Brontosaurus as researchers see it today -- with a Diplodocus-like head . The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US . Instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a ` specimen-based protocol ' . This meant they could analyse each individual animal , despite its species , and allowed them to look at differences within each species , as well as between different species . The main shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed . But fossils that were originally labelled Brontosaurus appeared different from two Apatosaurus species . Most of the differences were in tiny anatomical features , but one distinctive trait was that Apatosaurus has a wider neck than Brontosaurus . Since 1903 , experts have been arguing the creature was originally misnamed . Instead of belonging to the genus , or species ` family ' Brontosaurus , they said it should in fact have been classified as ` Apatosaurus ' . Now new research has shown that it is , after all , sufficiently different from Apatosaurus to deserve its own genus name . Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ . ` The differences we found between Brontosaurus and Apatosaurus were at least as numerous as the ones between other closely related genera , and much more than what you normally find between species , ' said Dr Roger Benson , one of the authors from Oxford University . The researchers used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of ` diplodocid ' dinosaurs - a group that included some of the longest animals that ever walked on the Earth . The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs . Instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a ` specimen-based protocol ' . This meant they could analyse each individual animal , despite its species , and allowed them to look at differences within each species , as well as between different species . The main shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed , but fossils that were originally labelled Brontosaurus appeared different from two Apatosaurus species . Most of the differences were tiny anatomical features , but one distinctive trait was that Apatosaurus has a wider neck than Brontosaurus . The researchers looked at 477 anatomical landmarks across 81 individual dinosaurs.The general shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed , but fossils that were originally labelled Brontosaurus appeared different from two Apatosaurus species . Pictured is the revised family tree . The scientists claim that three known species of Brontosaurus exist -- Brontosaurus excelsus , which was the first discovered , along with Brontosaurus parvus and Brontosaurus yahnahpin . They also found two members of the group , Diplodocus and Supersaurus , may have reached lengths of up to 112 ft -LRB- 34 metres -RRB- . Apatosaurus , also from the group , had an average length of 75 ft -LRB- 22.8 metres -RRB- , and weighed around 16.4 tonnes , they said . Colleague Emanuel Tschopp , from Nova de Lisboa University in Portugal , said : ` Our research would not have been possible at this level of detail 15 or more years ago . ` In fact , until very recently , the claim that Brontosaurus was the same as Apatosaurus was completely reasonable , based on the knowledge we had . ' In 1877 , Marsh 's crew uncovered the bones of a species he dubbed Apatosaurus ajax . Two years later , he found another giant dinosaur and named it Brontosaurus excelsus -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Emanuel Tschopp -LRB- left -RRB- and Octávio Mateus examine a Galeamopus skull , a genus of diplodocid dinosaurs , as part of the study . The complex history of the the Brontosaurus has its roots in the ` bone wars ' of nineteenth-century . This was characterised by a race between paleontologists Edward Cope and Othniel Marsh defined the era to find dinosaur fossils . In 1877 , Marsh 's crew uncovered the bones of a species he dubbed Apatosaurus ajax . Two years later , he found another giant dinosaur and named it Brontosaurus excelsus . In the early 1900s , after discovering a fossil that was similar to both Brontosaurus and Apatosaurus , other researchers decided that the two dinosaurs were of the same genus . Eventually , palaeontologists agreed that Brontosaurus should be named Apatosaurus . This was under rules that state that the first name given for an animal takes priority . Brontosaurus has a complex history . In the 1870s , palaeontologists led by Othniel Charles Marsh discovered two enormous partial skeletons of long-necked dinosaurs in the US and shipped them to the Yale Peabody Museum in New Haven , Connecticut . Marsh described the first of the creatures as Apatosaurus ajax , the ` deceptive lizard ' , after the Greek hero Ajax . Two years later , he named the second skeleton Brontosaurus excelsus , the ` noble thunder lizard ' . Neither skeleton was found with a skull , and Marsh reconstructed one for Brontosaurus excelsus . However , his reconstruction , based on evidence from another long-necked dinosaur , Camarasaurus , was later found to be wrong . Shortly after Marsh 's death , scientists from the Field Museum of Chicago found another skeleton similar both to Apatosaurus and Brontosaurus . In fact they were so similar that experts decided it would be correct to treat them as two species from the same genus : Apatosaurus . The final blow to Brontosaurus came in the 1970s when researchers showed that Apatosaurus/Brontosaurus was not closely related to Camarasaurus but Diplodocus , another dinosaur from the same era . Diplodocus had a slender , horse-like skull , rather than the box-like one reconstructed by Marsh and modelled on Camarasaurus . Brontosaurus is one of the most charismatic dinosaurs of all time , inspiring generations of children thanks to its size and evocative name . But researchers long believe Brontosaurus was in fact a misnomer , and it should be correctly referred to as Apatosaurus -LRB- artist 's impression pictured -RRB- . Paleontologists Emanuel Tschopp and Octávio Mateus are pictured measuring a sauropod dinosaur femur on the right . On the left is an artist 's impression of Brontosaurus . The myth was born that Brontosaurus was actually an Apatosaurus with the wrong head . In science , the distinction between species and genera is without clear rules . But the researchers argue the to resurrect Brontosaurus was not a matter of personal preference . ` We tried to be as objective as possible whenever making a decision which would differentiate between species and genus , ' said Professor Tschopp . ` It 's the classic example of how science works ' , said Professor Mateus , a collaborator on the research . ` Especially when hypotheses are based on fragmentary fossils , it is possible for new finds to overthrow years of research . ' Pictured is Brontosaurus as researchers imagined it in the late 1800s : aquatic , and with a large , robust skull .