A Russian military analyst has said that his country should develop weapons that can cause a nightmare scenario of tsunamis and volcano eruptions in the US , potentially killing hundreds of millions . Konstantin Sivkov , who writes a column for the Military-Industrial Courier , wrote earlier this month that Russia needed new ` megaweapons ' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies . In an article titled ` Nuclear Special Forces ' he said that Russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the US coasts and force a volcano in Yellowstone National Park to erupt . Scroll down for video . Konstantin Sivkov , a Russian military analyst , has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US . Sivkov wrote a column in the Military-Industrial Courier that Russian should develop a small force of megaweapons that can cause tsunamis and seismic activity at Yellowstone National Park -LRB- pictured -RRB- . He said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US , which is ` moving to the borders or Russia ' Sivkov headlines sections of his article with headers such as ` Specifications for Megaweapons ' , ` One Day Without America , ' ` The Day After Tomorrow ' and ` The Apocalypse - Simply and Cheaply ' The Russian analyst reasoned that because 80 per cent US population lives near the coast , generating tsunamis on the San Andreas fault and in the Atlantic would be an effective way of causing massive damage to 240 million people . He references Hurricane Katrina 's impact on New Orleans and says that detonating nuclear bombs near the bottom of the ocean would create waves almost a mile high that would sweep inland . The military man says that all the seismic activity could release another wave that would wipe out the US 's European allies . Sivkov , the president of the Academy of Geopolitical Problems , says that Russia 's large inland territory in Siberia will protect it from receiving too much harm . He raises the stakes for the apocalyptic scenario even further by saying that the tsunami could trigger the Yellowstone Caldera , a supervolcano that last exploded 640,000 years ago . Triggering the Yellowstone Caldera , which has n't erupted in 640,000 years , would spread ash across the country . Above , a map from the United States Geological Survey predicts the amount of ash from the blast . Sivkov says that triggering the supervolcano at Yellowstone would cover most of the US in ash and serve as an asymmetric weapon . Above , Mammoth Hot Springs at the park . The explosion would then unleash feet of volcanic ash over all of the United States . According to Sivkov , Russia could also trigger just the volcano with a ` relatively small ' megaton blast because it has shown signs of activity . Sivkov said that the normal nuclear deterrent was not good enough and too expensive given Russia 's economic problems . While he is convinced of his idea , it remains to be seen if the tsunami and the litany of destruction that followed would be even be possible if the world came to nuclear war . The journal that the analyst writes for is a niche publication with less than 2,000 fans on the Russian social network VKontakte . He may not have the ear of President Vladimir Putin , but Sivkov has a history of making attention-grabbing statements about Russian military affairs for state-backed media . Sivkov said that his new nuclear deterrent idea could be deployed from one ship and could be ready within ten years . He has imagined potential war between the US and Russia before , telling the pro-Kremlin Independent Newspaper that military games in eastern Russian north of Japan were ` intended to simulate a response to a hypothetical attack by Japanese and US forces . ' His other articles in VPK repeatedly call for bigger and more powerful weapons for the Russian military and he has bemoaned Russia 's lack of military spending compared to the US , according to the Moscow Times . Sivkov said that detonating nuclear bombs on the ocean floor could generate deadly tsunamis and cause massive damage to the US population . Above , devastation after the 2011 tsunami that hit Japan . State-run television presenter Dmitry Kiselyov -LRB- pictured receiving an award at the Kremlin -RRB- said last year that Russia is ` the only country in the world capable of turning the USA into radioactive dust ' Russians ' once positive views of America have slid sharply since the beginning of rising tensions between Moscow and Washington over Syria and Ukraine . In January 81 per cent of residents said they had a very bad or generally bad view of the US . Imagining America turned to ashes is a frightening thought , though Sivkov 's article was not the first time that it had been floated recently in Russia . During the beginning of the Ukrainian crisis and Russia 's annexation of Crimea , state-run television presenter Dmitry Kiselyov said that President Obama 's gray hair was because of worries about Russian nuclear weapons . He said that Russia was ` the only country in the world capable of turning the USA into radioactive dust . '