Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically ' by the sexual assault but freed Josh Sweet after serving just two months on remand . A burglar who broke into a young teacher 's home and sexually assaulted her as she lay in bed has been freed by a judge who handed him a community sentence . The decision 's been slammed by a Victim Support charity worker , who said that ` victims deserve justice ' , after the 24-year-old teacher was left traumatised by the ordeal . Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically ' during the case at Birmingham Crown Court , which has left her ` petrified ' and afraid to go out . But Joshua Sweet , 20 , from Birmingham , was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea and having spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance . Madhu Rai , prosecuting , said Sweet broke into the victim 's home and took items including car keys and a mobile phone before making his way upstairs , where the victim was asleep . In the dead of night , she awoke to find the intruder ` standing beside her bed ' and screamed , which is when the terrifying assault began . Sweet then rolled down her duvet and touched the defendant sexually , saying ` you 're not going to make any noise are you ? ' Miss Rai said the woman was extremely frightened and tried to divert the defendant . Sweet touched the woman 's bottom and upper thigh but as he took hold of the waistband of her pyjama bottoms , her house-mate , the owner of the property , came into the room and he fled . The police were called and Sweet was arrested nearby , but the victim 's ordeal continued . In a statement she said she had been ` petrified ' at finding a stranger in her bedroom and that the incident , which had caused her to take time off work , had left her feeling vulnerable and unsafe . She said she had put a bolt on her bedroom door and had been reluctant to come out . Sentencing guidelines for sexual assaults range up to eight years for the most serious cases . And although the nature of this case falls in the lower end of the scale , the sentence angered a victim support charity that said offenders ` must be given a punishment that fits their crime ' . Joshua Sweet , 20 , admitted burglary and sexual assault and was given a three-year community order , ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and must register as a sex offender for five years . Carolyn Hodrien , victim services director for Victim Support , said : ` From supporting thousands of victims of sexual assault , we know what a devastating impact it can have on people 's lives . ` Victims deserve justice and for this to happen offenders must be given a punishment that fits their crime . Community orders can be a really effective way to manage some offenders , but should never be issued for a serious offence or as a quick-fix . ' Sweet , 20 , of Alwold Road , Weoley Castle , Birmingham , who admitted burglary and sexual assault , was also ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and register as a sex offender for five years . The judge also made a restraining order banning the defendant from going to the victim 's road or having any contact with her . Mohammed Hafeez , defending , said Sweet was a young man with many difficulties and had been the victim of serious offences himself which had had a ` significant ' effect on his mental health . He said the death of a daughter had caused him to drink to excess and that he had little recollection of what he had done .