Mauricio Pochettino insists Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy . ` I expect a very good reception for him , ' said Pochettino , whose Spurs side entertain Villa on Saturday afternoon in the Barclays Premier League . ` He is a manager that worked here and spent a lot of time here as a player and a manager . He helped develop young talent too . Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino gestures to his players at Burnley last weekend . Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood -LRB- centre -RRB- takes a training session at Bodymoor Heath on Thursday . ` I hope it 's a very good reception from the supporters as he deserves that . ' On Thursday , Sherwood revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham chairman Levy and went as far as to thank the club for ending his five-month spell in charge last summer , as it meant he had the chance to take over at Villa Park . Spurs occupy sixth place in the Barclays Premier League , seven points off the Champions League qualification places . Villa , meanwhile , travel to London on the back of a thrilling 3-3 draw against fellow strugglers QPR on Tuesday . Sherwood wildly celebrates during Aston Villa 's 3-3 draw with QPR in Birmingham on Tuesday night . Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- salutes Emmanuel Adebayor during his time in charge of Tottenham Hotspur last year . Sherwood will be eager to prove a point - or three - at White Hart Lane , but Pochettino was quick to acknowledge the work the former Spurs midfielder did during his time in North London . ` I think that we share the same idea . We believe in young talent - this is great . Tim , Chris Ramsey and Les Ferdinand deserve credit for the young players that have arrived in the first team . ' Sherwood trusted in the likes of Harry Kane and Nabil Bentaleb last season , and those players have continued to thrive under Pochettino . Asked if it was a gamble by Sherwood to give those youngsters a chance , Pochettino joked : ` The big gamble was to play Ryan Mason against Arsenal ... I remember people said Pochettino is crazy for giving him his debut against Arsenal . ` But yes , I think their work was great . Tim deserves credit for that . ' Pochettino predicts a difficult game , particularly given the form of Benteke . The striker was sent off in the last fixture between the two sides , a 2-1 win for Tottenham , but he was the saviour this week for Villa against QPR , and now has seven goals in his last five . Tottenham Hotspur star Harry Kane charges forward as Burnley goalkeeper Thomas Heaton grasps the ball . Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke celebrates after scoring the second of three goals against QPR . ` He -LRB- Benteke -RRB- has great momentum . He is a very good player . A strong player . We need to be careful with him . ` Aston villa have a very good side and tomorrow we expect a tough game . ' Pochettino confirmed goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and right-back Kyle Walker will play no part against Villa due to respective knee and foot injuries , while centre-back Jan Vertonghen is a doubt with a virus .