Tom Ballard plans to climb K2 , 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak . A climber has set his sights on the summit of K2 - the second highest mountain in the world - 20 years after his mother died attempting the same feat . Alison Hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995 . Now her son Tom Ballard , one of the world 's most accomplished climbers , plans to conquer K2 himself . Mr Ballard , 26 , told The Times that he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother 's footsteps . He said : ` I think it must be . At one stage I thought I would go and climb mountains for her . Then I realised that was actually a bit stupid because she had already climbed them herself . I realised I was climbing for myself . That 's how I 've gone on . ' Last month Mr Ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the Alps in the winter season - and now he is training for K2 . The climber was just six years old when his mother died while descending K2 , which is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of Mount Everest , with dozens dying during attempts to reach the top . Days before her death , Mrs Hargreaves sent a fax to her son and his sister Katie . It read : ` Tom and Katie , We have arrived at our base camp . The trek was difficult -- it snowed every day . The mountain I have come to climb is called K2 . ' Attached was a drawing of the 28,251 ft mountain which would later claim her life . Mr Ballard 's mother was a revered figure in the climbing world and was only the second person to climb Everest without sherpas or bottled oxygen . Alison Hargreaves -LRB- pictured with Tom and his sister Katie as children -RRB- was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalalayn mountain in 1995 . K2 is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of Mount Everest , with dozens dying during attempts to reach the top . Mrs Hargreaves , pictured with her husband Jim and thier family , was only the second person to climb Everest without sherpas or bottled oxygen . Tragic : Mr Ballard was just six years old when his mother died on her way down from the summit of K2 . Her decision to take on dangerous climbs while raising a young family was criticised by some , but she shrugged off the flak , saying that fathers who went climbing did not face the same scrutiny . When she climbed the north face of the Eiger , in the Swiss Alps , in 1988 , Mrs Hargreaves was pregnant with her son . Mr Ballard said he had clear memories of clambering over rocks as a child and had always known climbing was his calling . ` When I grew , I was always scrambling around on little rocks underneath the crags where my mum and dad climbed . A child , playing , ' he said . ` At primary school I had something like an epiphany . Suddenly I decided that all I wanted to do with my life was just to climb . Since then that 's pretty much all I have done . '