The parents of a six-year-old girl who were traveling home from a screening of Fast and Furious 7 were killed when a drunk driver allegedly sped the wrong up a highway and crashed into their car . Tiffany Sical , 21 , and her long-term boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis , 23 , were driving along Route 6 in Providence , Rhode Island , on Sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend . But they were killed when 24-year-old Joel Norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car , leaving their daughter , Jaylene Rodriguez , an orphan . Now , Norman , of Massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting , and two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting , police said . Scroll down for video . Victims : Tiffany Sical -LRB- left -RRB- , 21 , and her boyfriend , Bryan Rodriguez-Solis -LRB- right -RRB- , 23 , were killed in the early hours of Sunday when a drunk driver sped the wrong up a highway and crashed into their car , police said . Wreckage : The couple were driving along Route 6 in Providence , Rhode Island , when Joel Norman allegedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car -LRB- pictured after the crash -RRB- . Film : Sical and Rodriguez-Solis had been watching Furious 7 , the latest installment in The Fast and The Furious franchise . Above , a scene from the film , starring Paul Walker -LRB- second right -RRB- , who died in a car crash in 2013 . The horror car crash comes nearly a year and a half after The Fast and The Furious star Paul Walker was killed aged 40 when the Porshe he was traveling in crashed in California in 2013 . The actor , who was a passenger in the car , plays a central role in the franchise 's final installment , Furious 7 . His work in the film was completed using digital technology and a series of stand-ins . In the seconds leading up to Sunday 's incident , Norman drove his Nissan Maxima on to the East off-ramp near the Providence Place mall at around 1.35 am , officials told the Providence Journal . He then traveled a staggering 1.2 miles west , before crashing head-on into Sical and Rodriguez-Solis 's Honda , which was in the left lane , it is alleged . The impact completely wrecked the vehicle . Emergency crews rushed to the scene and Sical was pronounced dead . Rodriguez-Solis , who lived with Sical and Jaylene in Central Falls , was taken to hospital , where he was also declared dead . The couple , who were high school sweethearts , had been on a date night watching Furious 7 in Warwick . They were both wearing seat belts at the time of the crash , according to turnto10.com . Tragic : Sical is pictured smiling with the couple 's six-year-old daughter , Jaylene , who has been left orphaned . Arrest : Now , Norman -LRB- left -RRB- , of Massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting , and two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting . Right , the victims . Also damaged : In the seconds leading up to Sunday 's incident , Norman drove his Nissan Maxima on to the East off-ramp near the Providence Place mall at around 1.35 am . Above , the suspect 's Nissan following the crash . After troopers noticed that Norman , whose car sustained serious damage , was acting intoxicated at the scene , they asked him to take a breathalyzer test , the news site reported . However , he refused . This prompted Rhode Island State Police to obtain a warrant to draw his blood , which was later sent off for evaluation . The test results are pending and Norman remains in custody on $ 100,000 bail . On Monday , Rodriguez-Solis ' father , Arnulfo Rodriguez , speaking through a family member , told the Providence Journal that he nor his relatives knew how to tell little Jaylene that her parents are dead . Meanwhile , Sical 's best friend , Maria Carrillo , described the couple as ` high school sweethearts ' who had met at the Metropolitan Regional Career and Technical Center and were generous and positive . Family : Emergency crews rushed to the scene and Sical -LRB- pictured in a Facebook photo with her daughter , Jaylene -RRB- was pronounced dead . Rodriguez-Solis was taken to hospital , where he was also declared dead . Scene : The couple were both wearing seat belts at the time of the crash on Route 6 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Rhode Island . Sical , a sales associate at Bob 's Discount Furniture in Attleboro , and her boyfriend , a manager at Spike 's Junkyard Dogs in Cranston , had apparently spoken about getting married this summer . The couple 's loved ones have now set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for Jaylene 's future . At the weekend , Furious 7 raced to the top of the domestic box office , picking up a massive $ 143.6 million on its opening two days - and establishing a new high-water mark for the month of April . The film , which blew past the $ 95 million debut of Captain America : The Winter Soldier , now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise . It also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history . Norman , from Webster , is scheduled to appear at Providence District Court on June 12 . Celebrity death : The horror car crash comes nearly a year and a half after The Fast and The Furious star Paul Walker -LRB- seen in Furious 7 -RRB- died aged 40 when the Porshe he was traveling in crashed in California in 2013 . Demolished : The acclaimed actor , who was a passenger in the car -LRB- pictured after the crash -RRB- , plays a central role in Furious 7 . His work in the film was completed using digital technology and a series of stand-ins .