The BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music . Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise . In particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . Scroll down for video . Harrison Ford as Han Solo , right and Chewbacca , left , in a trailer for the new Star Wars film , ` Star Wars : The Force Awakens ' . However , despite the fact that Mr Elfwick 's Twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme . Beforehand he also tweeted : ` I 've never actually seen #StarWars but the fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70 's . ' And appearing on the show he started off by saying that the old Star Wars films are full of social problems ` rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' . On talking about C-3PO , who he referred to as C-25 and Princess Leia , he said ` The gold robot - C-25 or whatever he 's called - is a camp , neurotic coward . Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films . He later confirmed he would be talking on the programme , where he said the franchise was full of social problems . ` The only main female ends up in a space bikini chained to a horny space slug . ' He then turned his attentions to Darth Vader adding : ` The main bad guy - what 's he called Dark Raider - is he black , he has a deep voice , he listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial stereotype . ' He finished his assessment by saying that film-makers Disney should make ` strong feminist ' films such as The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast , before being cut off by presenter Chloe Tilley . However , a BBC spokeswoman said afterwards : ` On this occasion , the force was not with us . Princess Leia , who was captured by Jabba the Hutt in Return of the Jedi . Mr Elfwick said the film was anti-women . Turning his attentions to Darth Vader , pictured , he said : ` The main bad guy - what 's he called Dark Raider - is he black , he has a deep voice , he listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial stereotype ' ` The guest presented himself as a 20-year-old who 's never seen Star Wars ; and we put him on air under that pretence . ` WHYS producers always do their best to check guests in a live programme that invites global discussion from listeners . ' The new Star Wars film , entitled Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens , had its first trailer released last week and will hit cinema screens in December . The one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by JJ Abrams during a fan even at California 's Anaheim Convention Center - with stars Carrie Fisher , Mark Hamill , Daisy Ridley , Oscar Isaac and John Boyega looking on . The clip is the first time Han Solo , played by Harrison Ford , has been seen on film since 1983 's Return of The Jedi . He is joined by Chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying , ` Chewie , we 're home . '