This is the moment a middle-aged woman ran over and killed her husband in China after he climbed out of their car and she accidentally reversed over him . Driver Mei Ru , 50 , and her husband Song Ming , 53 , were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of Fuzhou , in Fujian province , south east China . CCTV from the scene shows Mr Ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body . Mei Ru , 50 , was going shopping in the Chinese city of Fuzhou , in the south eastern province of Fujian , when she parked her car and her husband climbed out the passenger side . Thinking his wife had stopped , Mr Song walked around and stood behind the vehicle just as she reversed , knocking him to the ground . Passer-by Kuan Tseng , 32 , said : ` It seemed that she had already parked the car so when he stood behind it there did n't seem to be any danger . ` But then the car reversed and he screamed out as it knocked him to the ground . I ran over to see if he was okay but he was unconscious . ` The woman was hysterical and begging him to wake up , but I think he was already dead . ' Song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save his life , but he died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs . Tragic : CCTV footage taken at the scene then shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as concerned passers-by rush over to held the couple . Deadly : Mr Song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him , but he later died from broken ribs and massive internal bleeding , doctors said . A hospital spokesman said : ` The force of his head hitting the ground and then the car running over his body was too much . ` Sadly he died from massive internal bleeding and crushed ribs . His wife is grief-stricken and is being treated by doctors here for shock . ' A police spokesman said : ` When we interviewed the woman she was completely distraught but she said had wanted to straighten the car up and she was n't aware her husband was behind her . '