Gigi Hadid 's younger sister Bella Hadid is quickly catching up with her star sibling 's phenomenal fashion success , carving out an impressive career for herself within the industry . The 18-year-old , who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi , 19 , stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine , which sees her modeling a series of risque and revealing ensembles . In one image , the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit , with her arms thrown casually above her head . Scroll down for video . It 's good to be a model : Bella Hadid models a tantalizing $ 895 Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit and $ 1,250 Giuseppe Zanotti boots . Giuseppe Zanotti Cowboy Boots . On sale for $ 500 at 6 pm ! Visit site . She may be just 18 , but her sartorial sense goes far beyond her years . And in her latest spread for Elle Magazine , Bella Hadid wore several risque pieces that you would n't see on the average teenager . But then again , the budding supermodel is n't a normal teen . In this sultry snap , the brunette beauty donned a lace Fleur du Mal one piece and Giuseppe Zanotti shoes . The white cowboy boots contrasted with the dark see through material for a look that oozed sex appeal . Bella 's designer footwear is on sale for $ 500 -LRB- less than half the original price ! -RRB- so get them before they 're gone . The Western motif is currently in high demand so this is a sound investment . Of course if it 's a bargain you seek , we 've got you covered . Our edit has a metallic version from Golden Goose and a distressed rendition from Frye . Team with your favorite denim and a fringe vest to really play up the cowgirl theme . Dan Women 's El Paso Leather Boot at Amazon . Visit site . Frye Melissa Button Boots at 6 pm -LRB- now $ 159.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Durango Women 's RD4111 Boot . Visit site . Golden Goose Patterned Cowboy Boots at Farfetch . Visit site . In the know : Bella is fast making a name for herself as one of the hottest young talents in the fashion industry . While her cheekbones are heavily contoured , Bella otherwise wears very little make-up , and has her dark hair flowing loose around her shoulders . A second image sees the fashion star leaning against a stool while wearing a high-waisted pleated black skirt and a sheer , striped high-necked top . She completes the outfit with a pair of slinky fishnet tights and a black leather belt . And far from the stick-thin frames many might be used to seeing on the runways at Fashion Week , Bella shows off a refreshingly healthy figure , happily showcasing her curves in the revealing ensembles , and looking every inch the high-end fashion star . Described by Elle as an ` on-the-rise ' model with a ` fascinating frame ' , it seems evident that her star is set to rise just as high as her famous sibling 's . Straight face : Bella is quickly following in her sister 's footsteps up the fashion industry ladder thanks to her striking looks . Opposites : While Gigi is known for her bright blonde hair , younger Hadid sister Bella favors a much darker look , which she showcases in her Elle shoot . Earlier this week , Gigi was revealed as one of the lucky few to feature on People magazine 's list of the World 's Most Beautiful , which is due to be published in full later this month , and the model also boasts campaigns for the likes of Maybelline , Guess , and Seafolly . The daughter of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster has also strutted her stuff on the catwalk for a host of major fashion labels , including Michael Kors and Tommy Hilfiger , as well as making numerous appearances alongside her sister in the hit reality series , which is credited with catapulting both of the girls into the limelight . Bella , meanwhile , walked alongside her sister in the Tom Ford fall/winter 2015 show , and was recently named as the face of Botkier 's spring campaign . She is joined in the pages of May 's Elle issue by fellow fashion star Hailey Baldwin , who in an interview with the publication revealed that she used to spend nights sleeping over at Kim Kardashian 's apartment , before she found fame herself . Sister , sister : Gigi Hadid -LRB- L -RRB- , 19 , is older than her sister Bella -LRB- R -RRB- by 18 months . Reality stars : Both siblings have made several appearances in the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alongside their mother , Yolanda Foster . The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin , who is close friend with Kendall Jenner , let slip very discreetly that she often spent nights with ` one of her friends ' -- meaning Kendall -- in their ` sister 's apartment ' -- meaning Kim 's multi-million-dollar residence , while she was traveling to castings in New York at the start of her career . ` I would basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week , ' she said . But since the days of crashing at Kim 's sprawling home , Hailey has quickly gone on to become a star in her own right . She currently boasts more than 1.3 million Instagram followers , has walked in numerous Fashion Week shows all over the globe , and was recently named as the new face of Topshop Denim . Fancy friends : Model Hailey Baldwin also appears in the publication , revealing that she used to sleep over at Kim Kardashian 's house when she was working in New York . ` She 's got that twinkle in her eye , ' Topshop creative director Kate Phelan told Elle , while comparing Hailey to supermodel Cara Delevingne . Kate also recalls how , the first time she met Hailey , she was struck by the star 's social media influence ; when Kate went home to tell her teenage daughter about the meeting , she said she already knew - because Hailey had posted about it online . Indeed , as the magazine points out , it is not just Hailey 's beautiful physical features that have helped to catapult her to the top of the fashion industry ladder , but also her impressively formidable social media presence , which makes her an appealing asset to fashion brands eager to capitalize on her popularity .