A fund-raising drive to help keep one of the country 's oldest war veterans in his own home after a London council refused to pay for his ongoing care has reached £ 10,000 in just four days . Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Second World War veteran Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak , North London . This is despite the fact he had already used £ 50,000 of his life savings paying for his care . War veteran Robert Clark , pictured , who has had a fund-raising appeal set up in his name so he can remain in his own home with a live-in carer . A donations page set up by the forces charity Help for Heroes has already raised £ 10,000 to help Mr Clark remain in his own home . The council told Mr Clark he would have to be moved into a local care home with his son Mike describing the move as like asking his father to go back into a ` prisoner of war camp ' . The pensioner 's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home , which he has lived in for more than 50 years and pay towards the cost of a carer . And in just four days the total amount of donations has reached £ 10,000 , despite setting an initial target of £ 5,000 just four days ago . The amount will pay for around four to five months care for Mr Clark in his own home . David Fraser from the charity confirmed that they are working with Mr Clark to discuss what to do with the cash and added they have set a new fund-raising target of £ 15,000 . He told MailOnline : ` I think when you look at what he has done and what he has been through , he deserves an awful lot of respect . ` He deserves to be able to stay in his own home . ' Writing home : Veteran Robert Clark , pictured in 1940 , when he was serving with Durham Light Infantry . Mr Clark is one of Britain 's oldest surviving prisoners of war - and one of the few British soldiers to survive Hitler 's 1,000-mile death march . He was a gunner in the Durham Light Infantry when he was captured by the Nazis in the North African city of Tobruk in June 1942 . He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland , before being forced to join the ` death match ' in 1945 . Now a great-great grandfather , he is one of Britain 's oldest surviving PoWs and is registered blind , deaf in one ear , is dependent on a wheelchair and has suffered from severe anxiety . For the past two years he has used his savings to pay towards the £ 960-a-week cost of a live-in carer , while Brent Council contributed £ 350 per week . But as his money runs out , the council is refusing to increase its funding for Mr Clark . An online petition has also been set up calling for the council to increase its funding , which has also gained almost 170,000 signatures . Robert Clark -LRB- front row , second left -RRB- pictured on June 21 , 1943 at prisoner of war camp Campo PG70 in Italy . His son Mike , whose home in Harpenden , Hertfordshire is not suitable for his father , has previously spoken of how he situation is causing the pensioner anxiety and making him unable to sleep . He explained : ` He 's as good as told me that if he has to move , he 'll just give up on life . Whenever he 's been in hospital , pulls the blankets over his head and stops talking . ` He hates being anywhere which is n't familiar , going into a care home will be like going back into a prisoner of war camp . ' However , Brent Council have stated they will not increase their funding for a live-in carer but say there is absolutely no question he will be evicted . They also added he wo n't need to sell his house to pay for his care and say they want to find a solution which meets his needs and provides value for money for the taxpayer . To donate to Mr Clark 's fundraising page , click here .