A Liberal Democrat candidate has thanked Nick Clegg for not visiting his seat because he said it would turn off voters . Josh Mason , who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar , said the Deputy Prime Minister was ` not the most popular ' . He said that a visit from the party leader to the seat , which is currently held by the Lib Dems , would not ` do us any favours ' . Scroll down for video . Josh Mason , who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar , said his own party leader Nick Clegg was ` not the most popular ' But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn . Mr Clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the heyday of the 2010 election campaign when he was lauded as being more popular than Winston Churchill . The party secured 23 per cent of the vote in the 2010 election . Since taking the Lib Dems into government and breaking his promise to scrap tuition fees , the party 's poll ratings have slumped to single figures . Most Lib Dem MPs are choosing to keep Mr Clegg off their leaflets and instead campaign on local issues . Mr Mason told ITV Tyne Tees : ` I think that Nick Clegg coming to Redcar might be a little bit of a double-edged sword for us . ` He 's not the most popular politician in the mainstream political circuit at the moment and I 'm not convinced that his presence here would actually do us many favours . ' After the interview , the Lib Dems issued a 121 word statement on Mr Mason 's behalf praising Mr Clegg for having ` real guts ' . Mr Clegg is touring the country in a bright yellow battlebus , which stopped off in Cardiff yesterday where he campaigned with leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats Kirsty Williams -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Mr Mason said he was now in ` no doubt ' that Mr Clegg would be ` well received ' if he paid a visit . The statement said : ` Nick has shown real guts as our party leader and is someone I admire and respect . ` As Deputy Prime Minister he delivered tax cuts for low earners , more jobs and apprenticeships , and ensured real investment has come to Redcar after decades of neglect by Labour and the Tories . ` Whilst this real difference to real people 's lives has not always been given a fair hearing in the mainstream political circuit , the election campaign at last gives Nick and our party a chance to be heard directly by the public . ` As such I have no doubt that if Nick now came to Redcar and met all the people who have benefited from having the Liberal Democrats in government he would be well received . ' The Lib Dems won the Redcar seat with a 5,000 strong majority in 2010 but MP Ian Swales has stepped down . Mr Clegg faces a tough fight to keep hold of his Sheffield Hallam seat and polls have predicted his party could lose more than half of its MPs .