It seems like an idyllic smattering , with nothing more to worry about than sun , sea , sand and where the next cocktail is coming from . But one organisation is asking tourists to investigate before heading to the exclusive holiday destination to ensure they are not visiting a resort associated with human rights abuses . Known for pristine beaches and crystal clear water , the Maldives has recently come under scrutiny after the country 's former president , Mohammad Nasheed , was found guilty of terrorism charges earlier this year . Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses . Now , the Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to consider the instability in the region when booking their accommodation . The Alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling . Although very little detail is provided when it comes to the Alliance 's rationale for dubbing certain resorts to be ` high risk , ' it has colour-coded the hotels into three categories . Those to be avoided are labelled red , those coded as green are considered to be ` low risk ' and orange hued businesses are ` under consideration . ' ` While okay to visit in the short term , there is a possibility that they will be on the ` to avoid ' list in the longer term , ' the website reads . ` Therefore , early reservations for visits later in the year should be avoided . ' The group claims that the ` red ' or ` orange ' resorts are directly or indirectly linked to human rights abuses . Hotels are coded as ` low risk , ' ` high risk , or ` under consideration ' depending on their ties to corruption . By boycotting , the alliance hopes that tourists will help to make a difference in protecting and promoting democracy , while not adversely effecting the Maldivian economy . ` With a long and sad history of corruption , political oppression and human rights abuses , Maldives ' first attempts at democratic reform are now faltering , ' a statement on the Alliance 's website reads . Crime is reportedly on the rise as a result of support for ` extreme gangs , ' which are supported by police to suppress any dissent . ` Uncontrolled corruption starting at the very top of all branches of government filters down through all levels of society , making life very difficult for the average Maldivian . ' Though most resorts are categorised as ` low risk , ' Conrad Maldives Rangali Island is listed as one to avoid . While most resorts are categorised as ` low risk , ' several top name hotels have been included on the Alliance 's list of those to avoid . Among them , the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island . ` Ethical Maldives evaluates resorts and other businesses on ethics-based criteria , ' the website reads . ` These include owners ' support for governments that perpetuate corruption , intimidation and oppression , measures relevant to the environment and social responsibility . ' In response to allegations presented by The Ethical Maldives Association , the High Commission of the Maldives told MailOnline Travel : ` Resorts appear to be categorised not on the basis of any practices in their resorts , but on the basis of alleged links of their owners to the Government of the Maldives . ` With only two resort groups targeted and very little information about the identities of those behind ` The Ethical Maldives Alliance , ' it is difficult to discern the true intentions and objectives of the website . ` Over the past months , the Maldives ' young democratic institutions have proven themselves in challenging circumstances , while the Government of the Maldives has maintained a positive , engagement-first approach with international stakeholders . ` The Government of the Maldives will always remain committed to promoting development , human rights and the ethical values that we all hold dear . ' MailOnline has reached out to both the Ethical Maldives Alliance and a spokesperson for the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island resort for comment .