It was a simple slip of the tongue , instantly corrected minutes after his last ever ride at Sandown on Saturday . After a tearful yet joyous and ultimately unsuccessful afternoon that none of the 18,000 spectators will forget , it was also the point at which AP McCoy acknowledged that he was an ex-jockey . ` I am going to miss what I do ... what I did , ' he said with a pained smile . That whole new routine kicked in yesterday . AP McCoy makes a lap of honour round the Parade ring with Champion Jockey 's Trophy at Sandown . McCoy walks into Parade Ring to ride his final race on Box Office as the media assemble to get one last shot . A lie-in and cooked breakfast before a party for family and friends at his home near Lambourn . This week there will be two days as a spectator for McCoy at the Punchestown Festival . Then , when former colleagues head to Uttoxeter and Hexham on Saturday to make an early impression on the first AP-free jockeys ' title race in two decades , McCoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife Chanelle 's friends . The family duties and the exorbitant cost of a ticket means McCoy will not be heading to Las Vegas to watch Mayweather and Pacquiao . But there is a bucket list of things he wants to do now his life is no longer welded to the pursuit of riding perfection . Seeing his beloved Arsenal in the FA Cup final as well as , next season , travelling to watch them in Europe . McCoy with trainer Jonjo O'Neil after riding his final race on Box Office at Sandown racecourse on Saturday . Channel 4 presenter and tennis fan Emma Spencer . Riding some stages in the amateur Tour de France and attending the US Masters in Augusta . He can aim to reduce his own golf handicap and there is also another sporting challenge to conquer . McCoy , who does n't play tennis , has challenged Channel 4 presenter Emma Spencer , herself a tidy player , to a match with a tasty side bet riding on the outcome . Coaches are being lined up for McCoy 's crash course . Watch out Emma . Come to think of it , watch out Andy Murray . The list of diversions mean in the short term coping with life in Civvy Street should not be impossibly harrowing for the man who described Saturday as the ` hardest day of my life ' . During his Punchestown trip McCoy will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara , both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls . It will inject a dose of sobering reality into his situation . McCoy said : ` The fear of retirement is going to get worse in a month or a year . I think I will be all right in the first few weeks because I have things to do and I will be busy . ` I will see Robbie McNamara on Tuesday and John Thomas on Wednesday . It will be nice to see the two lads and will put a lot of things into perspective . ' Sean Bowen won the conditional jockey title at Sandown on Saturday as is tipped for a bright future . There are media work offers to consider and a likely role with boss JP McManus . But McCoy will need something to satisfy his enormous work ethic . Last week he did not accept rides because he wanted to begin weaning himself off racing . But on Thursday night , trainer Paul Webber texted McCoy , saying he was short of a work rider for Friday morning , start time 7.45 am . The 20-time champion jockey was not late . He also feels , painfully , that even his amazing records will be broken , perhaps even by the emerging Sean Bowen . The 17-year-old winner of Saturday feature bet365 Gold Cup on Just A Par has lifted the champion conditional jockey crown earlier in his life than McCoy managed . He has the same agent in Dave Roberts , who said : ` What he is doing is freaky . We want to keep his feet on the ground but he has some talent . ' Sound familiar ? A new era may be dawning .