Sunday night 's TOWIE saw Dan Edgar agree to give his relationship with Jessica Wright a second chance - and on the evidence of her latest photoshoot it is n't surprising . The 29-year-old has been announced as the face -LRB- and body -RRB- of Ann Summers ' swimwear and beachwear campaign , Hotel Summers . The TOWIE star is the first ever celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign and has been selected for not only her stunning figure but her ` fun , fearless attitude and fashion business credentials ' . TOWIE 's Jessica Wright is the first celebrity to star in an Ann Summers campaign . The campaign sees Jess showcase her incredible figure in the resort collection which includes 15 swimwear pieces , including plunge , bandeau and boost bikinis as well as curve-enhancing monokinis . As well as the swimwear the collection incorporates beachwear accessories , including an embroidered kaftan , a floral cover-up as well as plunging lace playsuits ideal for lounging . Jess Wright says it is a real thrill to have worked with the brand after having been a fan herself . She said : ` I 'm so excited and flattered to be working with Ann Summers and to be their first ever celebrity face of swimwear -- what a compliment ! The campaign called Hotel Summers sees Jess show off her incredible figure in the brand 's swimwear . Jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board . ` I 've always been a huge fan of the brand and the collection is the perfect mix of glamour , sexiness and playfulness . ' Speaking about the collection , Jess said that she thought the styles would suit most women . ` The swimwear pieces are flattering on all types of curves and I ca n't wait to hit the beach in my collection this summer . ` The different styles of bikini tops and bottoms mean there 's a style to suit everyone -- my favourite is the balconette Azelea bikini , as it suits my shape and style -- I felt like a Hollywood pin-up in it ! The collection lauches in store and online today . ` I 'm really looking forward to seeing the response to the campaign . ' Jacqueline Gold , CEO of Ann Summers says that Jess is the perfect woman to represent the lingerie brand . ` I am delighted that Jess has come on board to work with us -- she is a great ambassador for the brand , and an excellent fit for the campaign . ` Jess has a great following from TOWIE , a demographic that we know to be switched on to our brand . ` With her gorgeous figure I think she is the perfect person to front this campaign for us -- I know our customers are going to love the collection ' The full collection will be available in-stores and annsummers.com on Tuesday , 7 April .