David Cameron today accused the BBC of peddling ` b ******* ' after claiming his favourite sport was foxhunting . The Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr , after being left baffled by questions during an interview on Sunday . It came as Mr Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major 's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful , but ended up being heckled by someone claiming ` the NHS is dying ' . David Cameron today turned the clock back to ape John Major 's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful . Mr Cameron promised at the weekend that he would ` take to the streets ' to defend the Tory record and urge voters to reject both Labour and Ukip . He said he had ` upped the tempo ' to make the case that his economic plan is working . But he took time out from the campaign today to escalate his row with the BBC after appearing on the Andrew Marr Show on Sunday morning . Marr claimed the PM recently told the Countryside Alliance magazine that his favourite sport was fox hunting . ` Is that really true ? ' he asked . Mr Cameron replied : ` No , I am a believer in ... ' But Marr interrupted again : ` You said it 's my favourite sport which I love . ' Again Mr Cameron insisted : ` No I love walking , I love fishing , I love all sorts of sports . ' On the campaign trail in Yorkshire , Mr Cameron hit back at the BBC for claiming he had said foxhunting is his favourite sport . The Tory leader was heckled as he addressed party activists and workers from Decorative Panels during a campaign visit to Calder Valley . But in an article for the magazine , Mr Cameron actually said : ` I have always been a strong supporter of country sports . ` It is my firm belief that people should have the freedom to hunt , so I share the frustration that many people feel about the Hunting Act and the way it was brought in by the last government . ' Marr later admitted on Twitter that he had made an error : ` Honest mistake -- I was wrong -- sorry . Cock up not conspiracy , but wrong on my part . ' Today Mr Cameron revealed how he thought it was wrong at the time of the interiview . He told the Spectator : ` The old mental filing system , you 're going ` drrrrrr ' through , and thinking ... but I knew the article because I wrote it myself ... I just thought maybe there 's something else . ` You never know , something might have been written by someone else . So I thought it was bollocks . And it was bollocks . ' BBC presenter Andrew Marr has admitted he made a mistake on Sunday , but insisted it was a ` cock up not conspiracy ' He insisted foxhunting was not his favourite sport , adding : ` I am what I am . I 'm a country boy , I like the countryside , I support country sports . ` But my favourite sport is tennis , for the avoidance of doubt . And I 'm quite good at it . ' Mr Cameron 's decision to use a soapbox came on the day Sir John urged the party to explain how economic growth improves people 's lives . But all did not go according to plan , as the Tory leader was was challenged by a heckler as he gave his stump speech at Decorative Panels in Calder Valley . The man , who appeared to be an employee of the firm , shouted : `` The NHS is dying ... Not talking about that , are you ? '' Colleagues seemed to urge him to be quiet , and the Prime Minister continued without further disruption . The man walked off back towards the offices immediately after the address without speaking to journalists .