Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane with his Aston Villa side on Saturday and recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against Tottenham to dramatically increase his team 's chances of Premier League survival . Sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline , so how did he fare during what is undoubtedly one of the more emotive fixtures for him ? Sportsmail explains ... Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with Aston Villa against Tottenham . CROWD REACTION . All was going well until his exuberant celebrations at the final whistle , which prompted an angry reaction from the home fans in the West Stand but he merely shook his fist at them and disappeared down the tunnel . Got an easy ride during the game , though , as the overmatched Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home crowd 's frustration before he was hooked in the 78th minute . Gave the Villa fans a wave after they asked for one in the 16th minute . Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches -LRB- left -RRB- bore the brunt of the home fans ' dismay against Villa . TOUCHLINE BEHAVIOUR . The bright spring day in N17 allowed to him leave his gillet indoors so there were no flying jackets this time . He did not leave his seat until the eighth minute then remained standing for the most part . Little more than a subtle fist pump when Christian Benteke scored what proved to be the winner but his emotions poured out at the final whistle . Clearly still loves having a go at 4th official , who got an earful on occasion . Christian Benteke -LRB- centre -RRB- headed the winning goal for Villa on the 35th minute at White Hart Lane . Sherwood coud not resist a lively celebration when the final whistle confirmed the victory for Villa . Told someone on the Spurs bench to ` shut the f *** up ' as tempers flared on the bench during stoppage time . INTERACTION . Very little on this front with Tony Parks , who was one of his lieutenants here at Spurs , doing most of the talking . Stayed ice cool throughout although did nearly hit the roof when Andreas Weimann shot tamely at Michel Vorm with five minutes to go . Sherwood -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrated in a subdued manner when Benteke 's header found the back of the net . Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- and assistant Tony Parks were lively throughout the game on the touchline . Did not even acknowledge Sanchez as he meandered down the following his stoppage time red card . TACTICS . Like he did here with Emmanuel Adebayor , Sherwood has shown once again that he knows how to get a striker scoring . Christian Benteke , who fronted a three-pronged attack , scored the winner before the manager set his side up perfectly to deal with the second half Spurs fight back , although it never seemed to come . Benteke points to the sky in celebration after hitting the back of the net for Villa at Tottenham . Sherwood has helped Belgium striker Benteke rediscover his scoring form since taking over . VERDICT . Low-key return for Sherwood who nailed the game plan and left with three precious points for his side . Looks a different , more relaxed man to the one who could be spotted in the home technical area here during the second half of last season . Although he showed a glimpse of the old Tim at the final whistle as his side took a step closer to Premier League safety . Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- hugs Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino at the end of the game .