A young man who has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars has finally found a home . Davion Navar Henry Only , 16 , became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida 's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church ; ` My name is Davion and I 've been in foster care since I was born . I know God has n't given up on me , so I 'm not giving up either . ' He then said ; ` I 'll take anyone . Old or young , dad or mom , black , white , purple . I do n't care . And I would be really appreciative . The best I could be . ' Most of all , Davion said he just wanted a family that would ` love him forever . ' Millions of people around the country soon head about Davion 's story , and the young boy was even interviewed by Barbara Walters on The View , which all eventually led to him being adopted by a minister in Ohio and his family . That is until Davion got into a fight with one of the other children , and the minister sent him back to Florida , and back to live in the foster care system . Scroll down for video . Davion Only has been adopted by his old case worker , Connie Bell Going -LRB- above -RRB- . Davion -LRB- above -RRB- captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to ` love him forever ' This after Davion -LRB- abobe with Going -RRB- was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children . Throughout Davion 's search for a family , and his years in the system , Connie Bell Going , had been by his side . In an interview with the Tampa Bay Times she revealed that after Davion returned , people kept asking her what it was that went wrong and caused him to be sent back after just three months . She said wanted to tell these people ; ` That boy spent his whole life in the system , that 's what went wrong . ' Making matters worse , Davion and Miss Connie , as he calls her , did not speak when he came back to Florida . Davion had cut himself off from other people , playing video games as he quickly went through four different homes and four schools in less than year . Going says she had begun to call him numerous times , but always hung up the phone . Then , one night last July , Davion called up Miss Connie and asked her the question he had been asking since they first met when he was only a little boy . ` Do you remember what I asked you before ? ' he said . ` Well , how do you feel about adopting me now ? ' For the first time since he had asked , Going was finally able to give him the answer he wanted to hear . The 52-year-old had three children of her own , one adopted and two biological daughters , and was a single mother , but she was no longer Davion 's case worker , which made the process easier . From August through December he started spending more and more time with the family , a perfect fit as he was already close to Going 's adopted son Tyler . Then , in December , Going got a lawyer and began the process of adopting Davion . Davion -LRB- above -RRB- called and asked Miss Connie if she would adopt him last July . ` I guess I always thought of you as my mom , ' Davion -LRB- above in 2013 -RRB- said to Going last December . Davion got his first bedroom , his first set of siblings , and , most importantly , the one thing he had been hoping for all along . ` I guess I always thought of you as my mom , ' Davion said to Going last December . ` Only now I get to call you that for real , right ? ' Going is set to officially become Davion 's mother on April 22 , and she will admit it has not been an easy task . There is fighting and tables get flipped , but in the end everyone loves one another , and she is prepared for the challenges . Davion officially became part of the family in February however , when after he and Going celebrated their birthdays , which fall on the same date , they went home and sat around the table for cake with his three siblings and signed the court papers . After 16 years Davion was finally home . What 's more , because of that day in September 2013 when Davion stepped up on the pulpit , hundreds of others have been adopted as well .