Julian Assange 's father has sold his eccentric and colourful home for $ 1.42 million after a shaky start on the market . John Shipton 's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street , Newtown in Sydney 's inner west , was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million , but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March . However the founder of the Wikileaks Party , whose son is still seeking refuge in London 's Ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday . The place Julian Assange 's father has long called home sold for $ 1.42 million on Wednesday . The unique home was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million , but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March . The two-bedroom property was last purchased by his partner Catherine Barber in 1989 for $ 130,000 . Tucked away in the corner of the peaceful Kent Street , the vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-trove of beautiful and original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by Mr Shipton in the 1990s . Positioned on the doorstep of Newtown 's buzzing strip , the quirky haven is a short walk to parks , cafes and public transport on King Street in Sydney 's trendy inner west . The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a Victorian villa next door and was last bought by Mr Shipton 's partner Catherine Barber in 1989 for $ 130,000 . John Shipton -LRB- left -RRB- , whose son Julian Assange -LRB- right -RRB- is still seeking refuge in London 's Ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday . Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden for questioning over sexual assault charges . The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a Victorian villa next door . The spacious open plan living and dining pavilion boasts bright coloured lead-light doors with beautiful arched timber ceilings and mosaic walls looking out onto two private courtyards and a stunning walk-through atrium garden - not to mention a roof-top garden . The bathroom features a free-standing bath complete with a rain shower and marble , alabaster and tessellated mosaic mirror detailing . Arched windows frame the rustic kitchen which has a quaint stove while the spacious bedrooms have built-in wardrobes . Mosaic walls look out onto two private courtyards and a stunning walk-through atrium garden - not to mention a roof-top garden . The vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-trove of beautiful and original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by Mr Shipton in the 1990s . Domain labelled the home House of the Week when it was first listed , describing it as being ` a work of art you can live in ' which is ` entirely unconventional ' . Mr Shipton , an anti-war activist and builder , separated with Assange 's mother before he was born . Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden for questioning over sexual assault charges . The spacious open plan living and dining pavilion boasts bright coloured lead-light doors with beautiful arched timber ceilings . Domain labelled the home House of the Week when it was first listed , describing it as being ` a work of art you can live in ' which is ` entirely unconventional ' Positioned on the doorstep of Newtown 's buzzing strip , the quirky haven is a short walk to parks , cafes and public transport on King Street in Sydney 's trendy inner west .