A sure sign of middle age is when you start to get nostalgic about the mobile phones of your youth . OK , those early models could n't do much compared with today 's smartphones . They could n't surf the internet , take pictures , play music or make you a cup of tea . But what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead . Scroll down for video . Modern life : According to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . There 's even a word for it -- ` nomophobia ' , the fear of being without a working mobile . My favourite phone of all time was a sleek silver Nokia 6310i from the early 2000s , which is still sitting in a drawer at home . It may be primitive by today 's standards , but it could run for 17 days on a single charge . Compare that with the battery life of a modern iPhone or Samsung Galaxy . Make a few calls , send a few emails , listen to some music and you 'll be out of juice by teatime . This week it was revealed that Sir James Dyson , inventor of Dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing £ 10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3 . The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones , electric cars and vacuums . Separately , scientists at Stanford University are hoping that their newly invented aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with its ability to fully charge in under a minute . The battery will keep going for seven times as long as its lithium-ion relative , and can apparently withstand 7,500 recharges , whereas a conventional battery can take only 1,000 . In the tech world , the battle for better battery life is never-ending . Earlier this month , Apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iWatch -- which costs up to £ 12,000 -- ran out of power . Sir James Dyson , pictured , inventor of Dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing £ 10 million in battery experts Sakti3 . At the launch , Apple chief executive Tim Cook boasted that the device had a battery life of 18 hours . But it later emerged that using the smartwatch for phone calls or apps means it will die after three hours . According to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . There 's even a word for it -- ` nomophobia ' , the fear of being without a working mobile . And increasingly , phones come with built-in batteries that are almost impossible to remove without a degree in electronics . Apple started the ball rolling with the iPhone , and this month Samsung announced its latest model -- the S6 -- would have built-in batteries . So is there anything we can do to get more juice out of our phones ? Nigel Linge , professor of telecommunications at Salford University , says the problem is n't the batteries , which have improved immeasurably over the past couple of decades . ` The reason why batteries lasted seven days in the 1990s is that a phone back then did n't do a great deal , ' says Professor Linge . ` It had a monochrome screen , made phone calls and sent the occasional text . It did n't have apps , GPS , Bluetooth or wi-fi and it was n't used for Facebook . ` If you take a modern phone and turn off all those things and just use it for phone calls and text messages , it will last a lot longer . ' The first mobile phone batteries were bulky , heavy and made with nickel cadium . They also lost battery life over time if they were not run down fully between charges , known as the ` memory effect ' . In the 1990s those early batteries were replaced by a superior version -- nickel metal hydride . These did n't suffer as badly from the memory effect , were thinner and quicker to charge . Today 's phones use lithium-ion batteries , an even thinner , lighter and even longer-lasting variety . How long they last depends what you do with them . Caught out : Early mobile models could n't surf the internet , take pictures , play music or make you a cup of tea . But what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead . ` One of the big drains is the screen -- if people have the brightness turned up , it will run down the battery , ' says Professor Linge . ` The other drain is the phone signal . ' If you are in a low signal area , your battery will drain more quickly because the phone has to work harder to stay in contact with the nearest phone mast . Phones also use up more of the battery if they are indoors , where signals are weaker . But Sunetra Chakravarti , from Mobile Choice Magazine , says there are simple things everyone can do to extend their phone 's life between charges . Turning off Bluetooth -- the wireless system used by phones to connect to printers , laptops and other computers -- will save your battery from running down . Switching off location services which use the phone 's built-in GPS tracker can also save power , as can turning down the volume of the ring tone and silencing any bleeps and clicks when you press buttons on the phone . ` And make sure you have turned off any apps that are running in the background , ' she says . Keeping phones cool is also crucial : they work best below 30c -LRB- 86f -RRB- . So leaving them in the sun , or sleeping with the phone so it gets warm , will run it down faster . However , unlike the older style batteries , you do n't need to discharge modern ones fully before you top them up . Charging overnight should n't cause problems , as modern phones and batteries have switches that stop the charging when they are full . Another way to get more out of a battery is to download the latest version of the phone 's operating system . Newer versions of the software used for Apple iPhones , for instance , let owners stop apps from constantly updating themselves with new information when they are not being used . Even then , you 'll still find major variations between different phones . That 's because some models are more efficient at making calls , surfing the internet or playing videos than others . When technology consumer website Expert Reviews tested the battery life of different smartphones , it found that the best lasted an amazing 14 hours longer than the worst . The Sony Xperia Z3 Compact kept playing a movie on a loop for more than 20 hours on one charge before it went dead -- while the Nokia Lumia 620 managed just six hours and the iPhone 6 lasted just under 13 hours . Apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iWatch -LRB- pictured -RRB- ran out of power . It emerged that using the smartwatch for phone calls or apps means it will die after three hours . Other tests have found that the Xperia Z3 lasts on average 48 hours when used for five hours a day to stream music , make calls and watch videos . You may still need to replace a battery ; a typical one will start to lose its ability to recharge after three or four years . But replacing batteries is becoming more and more difficult . Manufacturers are increasingly building batteries into phones so that owners ca n't remove them . You can send your iPhone off to Apple to get the battery replaced , though it will take a week and cost £ 59 plus postage . And it is possible to do it yourself with a screwdriver and a replacement iPhone battery -- available for around £ 15 on eBay . But it 's fairly tricky to pull off and easy to damage the phone . Some mobile repair shops will also replace batteries -- and charge a lot less than Apple . The bright spot on the horizon is that it will soon take less time to charge up a phone . ` Almost every manufacturer is bringing in faster charging , so with 15 minutes of charging you get four hours of talk time , ' says Sunetra Chakravarti . Sales of portable chargers are also booming . These slim boxes have to be charged in advance but are small enough to fit in a pocket . If your phone is running low , the charger tops up the battery . But until battery life catches up with the demands of modern phones , millions of mobile users will spend their life plugging in their phone to charge .