Nasa has unveiled a revolutionary type of wing that it says could save millions in air travel . The wing is able to morph itself like that of a bird to provide the same functionality as normal flaps , but with much less weight . It can also reportedly be used to increase fuel efficiency and even reduce noise on take-off and landing . Scroll down for videos . Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California -LRB- shown -RRB- . The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . It means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter . In this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing . The latest test of the technology took place above Nasa 's Armstrong Flight Research Center in Edwards , California . Over the past six months , 22 research flights of the Adaptive Compliant Trailing Edge -LRB- ACTE -RRB- flight control surface has taken place . The project is a collaboration between Nasa , the Air Force Research Laboratory -LRB- AFRL -RRB- and FlexSys from Ann Arbor Michigan . The wing is able to ` bend ' through angles from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . Test pilots have described it as being ` very smooth ' , while it can also deal with hard banking manoeuvres and extreme temperatures . For all the flights so far , the wing has flown in a fixed position on a Gulfstream III jet between these two extremes , to ensure risk is minimal . But for future flights , the wings will be able to change angles while in the air . The breakthrough could also increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent , and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent . The wing is shown above bending through its two extremes . The project is a collaboration between Nasa , the Air Force Research Laboratory -LRB- AFRL -RRB- and FlexSys Inc from Ann Arbor Michigan . Credit : FlexSys . Figures suggest the breakthrough could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent , and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent , compared to traditional wing flaps -LRB- one shown on a Boeing 737 -RRB- . A Transformer-style ` flying car ' being developed by an Arizona company could soon spell the end of runways . The company 's vision is to build a vehicle with four rotors that allow it to take to the air anywhere like a helicopter - and then switch to fly like a normal plane . While this ` SkyCruiser ' vehicle is still some way from development , the technology could soon become a reality in a functioning prototype dubbed the ` SkyProwler ' . The SkyProwler has four horizontal propellers that allow it to perform vertical take-offs and landings , and to hover in mid-air . ` We are thrilled to have accomplished all of our flight test goals without encountering any significant technical issues , ' said AFRL Program Manager Pete Flick , from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio . ` These flights cap 17 years of technology maturation , beginning with AFRL 's initial Phase 1 SBIR contract with FlexSys , and the technology now is ready to dramatically improve aircraft efficiency for the Air Force and the commercial aviation industry . ' The technology can be fitted to existing airplane wings , so it does not require a complete redesign of current aircraft wings . ` The completion of this flight test campaign at Armstrong is a big step for Nasa 's Environmentally Responsible Aviation Project , ' said ERA project manager Fay Collier . ` This is the first of eight large-scale integrated technology demonstrations ERA is finishing up this year that are designed to reduce the impact of aviation on the environment . ' It will take years for such a technology to be approved for commercial aircraft , though , so it 's unlikely to be used on planes any time soon . But the cost and fuel economy benefits will be appealing to many if testing continues smoothly .