Britain is likely to face a second election shortly after May 7 because of a knife-edge outcome , political experts have warned . The likelihood of another coalition lasting five years has been dismissed as miniscule by a leading academic . A second election swiftly after polling day is ` extremely likely ' , Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said . Britain is likely to face a second election shortly after May 7 because of a knife-edge outcome , political experts have warned . ` I do n't see another coalition government lasting five years , ' he said at a briefing by polling experts on the latest election forecasts . Other experts also warned that a ` messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the Conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote . Mr Whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s . It ended with Labour Prime Minister James Callaghan losing a vote of no confidence . ` That was not very successful . It had to go to the IMF for a bail out and there were huge industrial problems . ' The disastrous pact led to the rise of Margaret Thatcher and the Tories held on to power for another 18 years . Experts said the likeliest outcome at the general election would be the Conservatives winning the most votes , but a left-wing alliance forming to keep them out of power . Oxford academic Stephen Fisher said there was a high chance Labour would form either a minority government or coalition with the help of the SNP , Liberal Democrats , Greens or other minor parties . There was ` only a 42 per cent chance of a Conservative-led government , even though there is a two-thirds chance of the Tories being the largest party , on votes or seats . ' He added : ` The single most likely outcome is ... a seriously hung parliament with the Conservatives as clearly the largest party but a majority on the left , including the SNP and Liberal Democrats . ' David Cameron answers questions from 02 employees in Leeds this afternoon ahead tonight 's ` Challengers ' television debate . Labour leader Ed Miliband addresses supporters during a visit to Crouch End in north London this morning . This would be a ` messy and unstable situation ' and it was ` not clear that this diverse group of parties would be able to sustain a stable government ' . The Conservatives would probably turn to the DUP first and then the Lib Dems to try and form a government but they were still likely to be short of a majority , he added . The SNP 's surge in Scotland was likely to be hugely damaging for Labour but Ed Miliband could still walk into Number 10 propped up by an alliance of left-leaning parties . A massive landslide to the SNP was inevitable , with the party winning at worst six times more seats than it currently holds or at best nine times more . Labour 's disastrous performance in the Scottish polls could mean the party only has one safe seat : the Glasgow seat of Willie Bain . John Curtice , professor of politics at Strathclyde University , said the SNP vote surge was nothing new . Some 45 per cent of Scots had voted for the SNP in the 2011 Scottish parliamentary elections , 45 per cent voted in favour of independence during last year 's Scottish referendum and the polls were now showing 45 per cent supported the SNP . But for the first time Scottish voters were voting the same way at a Westminster election as they would for the Scottish parliament .