Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling . The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends . ` Plain and simple , if you f *** with me I 'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run . Be honest . I do n't screw around , ' says the officer . Keeping calm , Mohamed 's friend replies to the officer without missing a beat to say , ` Who said I was going to run ? ' Scroll down for video . Pulled over : The teens were cuffed and held on the side of the road by the officers in south Minneapolis on March 18 . Filmed : Faysal Mohamed -LRB- picture -RRB- was in the car when the officer threatened violence against the three teenagers . Put on the backfoot , the unidentified officer justifies his aggressive tone saying , ` I 'm just giving you a heads up . I 'm trying to be Officer Friendly right now . ' According to Mohamed he and friends had just left the YMCa in south Minneapolis when the police officer pulled over their car . They were told to get out and put into handcuffs and when they asked why , the police officer said , ` Because I feel like arresting you ' . Mohamed told a CBS News report that they were held for 45 minutes while they were searched and a background check completed on them . Frightened : Liban Yusuf -LRB- left -RRB- , Faysal Mohamed -LRB- center -RRB- and Hamza Jailani -LRB- right -RRB- have made an official complaint to the Minneapolis Police Department . The officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto , but were let go . Liban Yusuf , 18 , who wa with Mohamed said the officers frightened him . ` They had their guns drawn , ' said Liban to Fox News . ` I do n't know why they were so aggressive . ' Former police officer , Mylan Masson , who teaches law enforcement at Hennepin Technical College in Minneapolis , says what the officers did appeared wrong . ` It 's a threat ... it 's an illegal , you know , you ca n't threaten people . And the other thing is you ca n't break legs . It 's not part of the Constitution and it 's not part of the laws that we have , ' Masson said to CBS News . According to Fox News , the officer who made the threats is called Rod Webber and Minneapolis police confirmed an investigation is underway .