As a young girl , Chelsea Clinton learned to keep secrets . But she also learned to call the Secret Service ` pigs . ' That 's a claim from former White House florist Ronn Payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff . As he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw Chelsea talking on the phone . A member of her Secret Service protective detail came in behind him to take the Clintons ' only child to school . ` Oh , I 've got to go . The pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , according to Payne -- using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement . ` Faced with an angry agent who reminded her in no uncertain terms that it was his job to protect her , Chelsea replied : ` Well , that 's what my mother and father call you . ' Scroll down for video . ` PIGS ' : Chelsea Clinton -LRB- right , in 1995 -RRB- allegedly referred to the Secret Service with an offensive counter-culture epithet , and said she learned it from her parents . SHAME : Chelsea -LRB- center -RRB- accompanied her parents and their dog to the Marine One chopper in 1998 , just a day after the president admitted to marital infidelities . Chelsea now shares leadership of the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation , which would n't respond to questions about the ` pigs ' episode . While the political world was focused Tuesday on Republican Rand Paul 's presidential coming-out party , Politico published an excerpt of ` The Residence : Inside the Private World of the White House . ' The book that could prove problematic for Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton , the former first lady , senator and secretary of state . The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation did not respond to a request for comment about whether Payne 's recollection is accurate . Chelsea now runs the family philanthropy along with her parents . But that snippet from America 's hidden history is just the tip of the iceberg . Skip Allen , a Clinton-era White House ` usher ' -- a high-ranking butler -- said in the book that Bill and Hillary were ` about the most paranoid people I 'd ever seen in my life . ' ` PITCHED BATTLES ' : Hillary -LRB- left , with the former president in August -RRB- , once threw a ` heavy ' object -- believed by staff to have been a table lamp -- across the room , Kate Andersen Brower writes in her new book -LRB- right -RRB- . Allen , who served under multiple presidents , told author Kate Anderson Brower that he preferred to work for first families he genuinely liked , rather than pretending he had warm feeligns for his employers . ` But we pretend very well , ' he added . Another usher , Chris Emery , found himself uncerimoniously fired for helping former first lady Barbara Bush with technical computer questions . He had taught her how to use a PC during President George H. W. Bush 's one term in office . When the Clintons saw a log of his calls , they feared he was leaking their secrets to the Bush clan -- something he insists he never did . ` I was out of work for a year , ' Emery says in the book . ` They ripped the rug right out from under me . You wonder what they 'd do to someone who 's really powerful . ' At the height of the sex scandal that saw Bill Clinton admitting he frolicked with intern Monica Lewinsky in the Oval Office , one White House maid was astonished to find the first couple 's marital bed drenched in blood , according to Brower . Explaining an injury , the president claimed publicly that he had ` hurt himself running into the bathroom door in the middle of the night . ' But one White House domestic told Brower that ` we 're pretty sure ' Hillary ` clocked him with a book . ' DISPUTES : White House domestic employees said they heard Hillary ` clock him with a book ' during the Monica Lewinsky scandal . ` There were at least 20 books on the bedside table for his betrayed wife to choose from , '' she writes , ` including the Bible . ' For at least three months in 1998 , according to ` The Residence , ' the leader of the free world ` slept on a sofa in a private study attached to their bedroom . ' ` Most of the women on the residence staff thought he got what he deserved . ' And Brower ; s research surfaced White House residence staffers who described how the first couple sometimes got into ` pitched battles ' during their eight years in Washington , ` shocking staff with their vicious cursing . ' Payne once came upon two butlers listening to a particularly aggressive dispute through a doorway . He heard Mrs Clinton yell : ` g * ddamn b * stard , ' he told Brower . Hillary subsequently threw a ` heavy ' object at him , in Brower 's telling . ` The first lady 's temper was notoriously short ' during the early months of the scandal , according to the book . When Butler James Hall was serving tea and coffee during a reception for a foreign leader and another employee forgot to clear the china , she snapped . ` You must have been staring into space ! ' he recalled Mrs. Clinton saying . ` I had to take the prime minister 's wife 's cup . ... She was finished and looking for some place to put it . ' AFFAIR : Former White House staff revealed their secrets about daily life inside the presidential mansion , including how they knew Bill Clinton and intern Monica Lewinsky -LRB- seen together -RRB- were sexually involved . HAPPY BIRTHDAY , MR. PRESIDENT : When Jackie Kennedy was away , a White House worker stumbled across her husband , John F. Kennedy -LRB- pictured , right , speaking to Marilyn Monroe in 1962 -RRB- , swimming naked in the pool with other women . Hall sais he was n't asked back to perform his duties for a month . Other presidents figure in Brower 's book , including John F. Kennedy . When then-first lady Jackie Kennedy was away at the couple 's farm in Virginia , a White House worker apparently stumbled across her husband swimming naked in the mansion 's pool . And JFK was not alone : He was apparently joined by several female White House secretaries . Naked women were also sighted on the second floor of the building when Mrs. Kennedy was away . Other revelations in the book include Jimmy Carter 's sons ' passion for bongs -- their rooms were constantly filled with smoke -- and their father 's ` uncontrollable sobbing ' after losing the election . And White House domestic employees told Brower how Lyndon Johnson adored washing in a specially-built , powerful shower , while Nancy Reagan rejected White House chefs ' meals and gave them seemingly impossible deadlines .