We 're suckers for athletes who play with a lot of heart . In Erik Compton 's case , make that plural : hearts . He 'll tee off this week at the Masters on his third . The 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field . But Compton is n't shy about sharing his story , either . Erik Compton shares a joke with Jim Furyk during a practice round at Augusta ahead of the Masters . A first heart transplant at 12 , then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack - what doctors call a ` widow-maker ' - while driving home from a lesson with longtime coach and close pal Charlie DeLucca . He 's been trying make up for lost time ever since . ` It 's hard , but it 's also a great thing , ' Compton said on Monday after a practice round at Augusta National . ` There 's two sides to me . I 'm a competitor and a sports person , and I 'm also the recipient of two transplants , and I know what that involves . So when you put them together , it does make a little bit of spaghetti in my mind sometimes you know . ' ` I 'll take it , ' he added a moment later . It 's not like Compton had a choice . He recovered from his childhood setback to become the No 1-ranked junior in the United States at 18 , then a two-time All-American at Georgia . Compton , 35 , is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week . But he 's spent most of the intervening years battling on minor league circuits , then becoming an advocate and spokesman for Donate Life , an alliance for national and local groups raising awareness about organ and tissue donation . In a nice bit of serendipity , his first appearance in the Masters coincides with Donate Life Month . But it 's already a full-time campaign for Compton - he 's been displaying the organization 's logo on his shirt sleeve for a while . All of those efforts paid big dividends last year , when he carved out a spot on the PGA Tour and nearly stole the show at the US Open . His runner-up finish at Pinehurst nudged Compton and his story into the spotlight - and earned him an invitation to Augusta . It was something he 'd longed to do since watching the tournament on TV as a kid . ` For me , it was a bit difficult to watch so many years and think , I 'm never going to play in the Masters , just because of other issues that I 've had . But yet , I just love to watch the Masters . So it 's going to be weird , ' he said to laughter , ` not watching the Masters this year . ' Compton 's wife , Barbara , and parents Peter and Eli wo n't be tuning in this year , either , making the drive up from Florida to watch Erik play in person . It 's a well-deserved reward to be sure , since all of them had a hand in the push-pull climb toward the top of the golf hill . The veteran has had two heart transplants , but wants to focus on the week ahead , rather than his journey . After walking most his son 's practice round , Peter Compton recalled how motivated Erik was , no matter how tough things seemed . Six months after Hurricane Andrew hit the Miami area in 1992 , forcing the family out of their home and into temporary housing alongside a golf course near Doral , he took his son to play a few holes . ` We were in a cart and back then , he liked driving more than playing , ' Peter recalled . ` But every time we 'd leave the tee , he 'd drive to his ball , and he was already hitting it 225 -LRB- yards -RRB- or so . So finally , about the third time it happened , I had to remind him , `` Hey , stop here . Let me play MY tee shots ! '' ` He started playing junior tournaments in the area after that and a lot of the fathers would come up and tell me what a terrific story it was , ' Peter said . ` But it was n't long after that Erik started winning those tournaments . ... He could have sat back , said he 'd been dealt a bad hand and did nothing . So I think that 's what we 're most proud of - he refused to give up . ' Compton chats with his caddie as he walks the famous course ahead of his first ever round at the Masters . Compton tries to strike a delicate balance between those accomplishments and his aspirations . After a promising 2014 campaign on the big tour , his breakthrough performance at Pinehurst - only the second major he qualified to play . But Compton struggled this year , opening the 2015 season with a tie for 10th . He then wrestled with his driver and missed the cut in his next five tournaments . At the moment , most of his energy and focus are devoted to keeping the ball in play . ` I 'm here in the press room at the Masters , and that 's a great thing , ' he said . ` But I do n't look at myself as somebody who is a role model ... I look at myself as a golfer who has used golf as a means to maybe put some of the tough stuff that 's happened to me in the past . Golf 's been very therapeutic for me over the years . ` As I 'm sitting here today , ' Compton concluded , ` I view myself as somebody who is going to try to do the best he can to compete in the Masters . '