Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games alongside team-mate Paddy Barnes . Both Belfast boxers -LRB- bronze medallists at London 2012 -RRB- , were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night , with the pair needing victories to book flights to Rio . Barnes delivered in style , extending his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol . Michael Conlan has booked his Olympic place after results went his way in Venezuela on Saturday night . The two-time Olympic medallist dropped his opponent in the first round en route to claiming a 49-45 victory on two of the judges ' cards while the remaining judge questionably scored the fight 48-47 in Finol 's favour . The spilt-decision win was enough to help Barnes top the 49 kg WSB rankings , with the Ardoyne native leapfrogging Uzbekistan 's Hasanboy Dusmatov to claim the only Olympic qualification spot on offer through the competition . Conlan 's mission was a far more complex affair , however . Not only did the Falls Road fighter need to win -- which he did , earning a 49-46 unanimous points win over Venezuelan opponent José Vicente Azocar -- but he also had to rely on a shock result elsewhere . The 23-year-old leapt to No 2 in the WSB bantamweight rankings , claiming the second 56 kg Olympic spot on offer thanks to his win and the fact that Azerbaijan 's Magomed Gurbanov lost to Luis Mora Hector Garcia in Puerto Rico . Garcia had Gurbanov down in the fifth and final round of their bout as the Puerto Rican became a cult hero for Irish boxing , akin to Scottish footballer Gary Mackay who booked a place at Euro ’88 for Jack Charlton 's Ireland side thanks to a goal against Bulgaria . The domino effect left Conlan in shock . The Belfast bantamweight was close to pulling out in frustration at his qualification limbo , and had all but made up his mind to turn professional in the near future before a dramatic U-turn . Conlan 's brother , Jamie , himself a promising professional boxer , was just one of the confidantes who contacted him to convince him to fight . Coaches Billy Walsh and John Conlan -LRB- Michael 's father -RRB- also played key roles in helping the boxer into the ring , continuing their sterling efforts throughout the competition . Both Conlan and Barnes won bronze at London 2012 , and will now represent Ireland again in Rio . ` It has n't sunk it yet . I could n't believe it . I was n't really up for it -LSB- the fight -RSB- at all because I did n't think the Azeri would lose , ' said Conlan , speaking exclusively to Sportsmail . ` I was thinking about pulling out -LSB- on Friday -RSB- . If I had 've pulled out I would have been shattered now , lucky enough I did n't . ` If I had n't have qualified , I would have turned professional . I could n't be bothered going to -LSB- qualify through -RSB- the European Games after going through all of this . ` When I got out of the ring , Paddy ran over and jumped on me and shouted , `` you 've qualified '' and I said `` you 're lying to me , stop lying to me ! '' I nearly felt like crying , I just could n't believe it . ' Conlan dedicated the result and his achievements to his girlfriend , Shauna and four-week old daughter , Luisne . ` I really wanted to qualify to have time with her and my kid . I 've been looking forward to doing the night feeds and all ! The main reason I 've done this is for her , I 'm just so happy it all paid off . ' Barnes , meanwhile , has created history by becoming the first Irish boxer ever to qualify for three Olympics . The 28-year-old had battled his fear of flying throughout his WSB mission , with Barnes and Conlan travelling over 34,000 miles over the course of seven WSB bouts . The ex-European champion now plans on taking an extended break until later in the year after an exhausting campaign which ended in glory . ` I 'm over the moon , ca n't get any better . I wo n't even care about the flight because I know I 've done it now -- I wo n't be flying around the place any more anyway ! ' he said . Barnes , in quite colourful language , also told Sportsmail that both he and Conlan had to overcome upset stomachs to compete . Despite that , the pair 's glory run continues unabated .