A homeless convicted sex-offender screamed , ` I 'm going to rape you ! ' before attacking a woman in a Manhattan bar , according to a criminal complaint . Rodney Stover , 48 , was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street . NBC reports he was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment . Stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a Long Island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . When the 23-year-old victim had entered the Turnmill bar bathroom at about 7.50 pm on Saturday , her attacker , thought to be Stover , was hiding in another stall . Scroll down for video . Today in court : Rodney Stover , 48 , was arraigned on Thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street . Rape charges : Rodney Stover , 48 , pictured today , allegedly grabbed the victim , a Long Island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . In custody : Rodney Stover , 48 , was arraigned on Thursday -LRB- pictured today -RRB- for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street . A bartender recognized Stover , who was staying Bellevue Homeless Shelter , from media reports when he was walking in the Gramercy Park area on Wednesday and called the police , sources told the New York Post . NYPD had released surveillance footage of Stover walking down the street on Tuesday . The victim had been drinking at the pub in Gramercy Park with her boyfriend and a female friend whose birthday the trio were celebrating when she excused herself to go to the basement bathroom after drinking two beers , sources said . Stover was allegedly hiding in the stall next to her while she was using the toilet . When she opened her stall to exit he was standing in front of the door , according to sources . The ex-convict reportedly grabbed the woman by the neck and said , ` I 'm going to rape you . Be quiet , ' and groped and licked her body , sources said . Alleged rapist : Rodney Stover , 48 , allegedly grabbed the victim , a Long Island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . NYPD released surveillance footage of Stover walking down the street , and a bartender saw him walking in Gramercy Park and recognized him from the video , so he alerted police . Police say that Stover hid inside one of the bathroom stalls at Turnmill Bar he allegedly choked and sexually assaulted a young woman as she was trying to leave the restroom . Turnmill 's bathroom is in the basement , which is distanced from the busy main floor of the Gramercy Park sports bar . He ripped off the woman 's pants and began raping her , but fled after he realized he could n't sustain an erection , sources said . The victim ran out of the bathroom and told her boyfriend what happened . He then reported the attack . Stover was arrested on rape charges in 1992 in Southampton for raping and sodomizing a 42-year-old stranger after overpowering and threatening her with a sharp object . He was released in July 2012 . He served an addition two-and-a-half years for another crime and was released on Valentine 's Day this year . Stover is listed on the New York State sex offender registry as a violent offender .