Lucky fans in the French city of Saint-Etienne were given a treat on Monday night as Brazilian Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty . Footballing legends Ronaldo and Zidane were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf , Fabian Barthez , Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta to name a few . Brazilian ace Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times and the 38-year-old showed he still has what it takes with a hat trick . Former French international Zinedine Zidane shows he 's still got it as he vies for the ball with Torpe Svarme . Brazilian legend Ronaldo takes a touch as he looks to set up an attack in the Match Against Poverty . Two of football 's biggest legends meet as Ronaldo and Zidane share a high five at Geoffroy Guichard Stadium . The former Inter Milan and Real Madrid frontman celebrates after finding the back of the net . Former Nigerian international Jay-Jay Okocha curls an effort into the net during the Match Against Poverty . Former Madrid and France ace Zidane looks to take on Bjorn Kvarne during the Match Against Poverty . Like many charity friendly matches defending was at a premium , but goals were certainly not as the match at the Geoffroy-Guichard Stadium reached double figures . One of the goals of the game came from the super cool Seedorf who earned his name on the score sheet with a sublime chip . Former French international David Trezeguet also played and scored in the match , but it was Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang who shone the brightest as he grabbed a hat-trick during his side 's 9-7 defeat . Ronaldo and Zidane share a joke with former Liverpool ace Vladimir Smicer watching on . Former AC Milan star Clarence Seedorf in action during the clash at the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Tuesday . David Trezeguet got himself among the goals as he fired in an effort in the South of France . David Trezeguet is congratulated by Karel Poborsky -LRB- right -RRB- after scoring the opening goal . Teams line up prior to the UEFA Match Against Poverty at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne .