Kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus . Republican Gov. Sam Brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ` Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on Tuesday . It takes effect July 1 . The law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismemberment abortion . ' Sam Brownback , the governor of Kansas , tweeted a photo on Tuesday showing him signing the abortion-ban bill into law . Kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on the contentious issue , including this 2013 rally at the steps of the Kansas Statehouse in Topeka . Drafted by the National Right to Life Committee , the measure also has been introduced in Missouri , Oklahoma and South Carolina , though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it . ` The Unborn Child Protection From Dismemberment Abortion Act is the first of what we hope will be many state laws banning dismemberment abortions , ' National Right to Life president Carol Tobias told The New York Times . ` This law has the power to transform the landscape of abortion policy in the United States , ' she said . Julie Burkhart , the chief executive of the Trust Women Foundation , predicted that her group would challenge the law in court . ` We call it the `` physician intimidation and criminalization act '' , ' Burkhart told the Times . ` This is unconstitutional . ' Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri is also considering a lawsuit . But the governor is holding firm . Brownback has presided over one of the nation 's most aggressive pushes to limit abortions , resulting in at least 20 laws restricting the practice of medically terminating pregnancies . ` This is a horrific procedure , ' Brownback spokesman Eileen Hawley said . ` He hopes the nation follows suit . ' Brownback , a popular conservative governor , won a second term in November despite a bruising campaign largely centered on the state 's economy -- not social issues . Kansas state Rep. John Wilson , a Democratic lawmaker from Lawrence , Kansas , is an abortion-right proponent ; he asked during a March debate why pro-life groups do n't spend more time trying to prevent unwanted pregnancies . The procedure is banned except when necessary to save a woman 's life or prevent irreversible damage to her physical health . There is no exception in the law for incest or victims of rape . The new Kansas law specifically explains in graphic language the procedure it bans : . Doctors can not use forceps , clamps , scissors or similar instruments on a fetus to remove it from the womb in pieces . Abortion rights supporters said the procedure is often the safest for women seeking to terminate pregnancies during the second trimester . The procedure accounted for about 9 percent of abortions last year in Kansas , where most pregnancies are terminated in the first trimester and the state already bans most abortions at or after the 22nd week . ` This dangerous law dictates to qualified physicians how they can practice medicine and treat their patients , ' Julie Burkhart , founder and CEO of Trust Women , said in a statement . Brownback signed the bill in a private ceremony at his official residence . His office said he would re-enact it at multiple public events later this month . A photo from Tuesday 's ceremony tweeted by the governor 's office showed Brownback flanked by anti-abortion leaders and two large photos of fetuses .