The reserve deputy who shot a suspect dead after firing his gun instead of his Taser was investigated in 2009 over his questionable training and erratic behavior in the field . Robert Bates , 73 , appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris , who was killed during a botched sting on April 2 . Since the incident there have been allegations Bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior , he told them he could do whatever he wanted . Scroll down for video . Heading to court : Robert Bates , left , is seen walking to court on Tuesday morning with his attorney Corbin Brewster , right , before he entered his not-guilty plea in the death of Eric Harris earlier this month . ` Mistake ' : The 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on April 2 . In 2009 , the Tulsa Sheriff 's Office concluded after an internal investigation that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy , CBS News reports . The investigation found that other deputies raised concerns about Bates ' behavior in the field , almost from the start of his tenure . He was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops . The inquiry came to the conclusion that high-ranking officers created an atmosphere where employees were intimidated about reporting violations of department policy . Dan Smolen , the attorney for Eric Harris , claimed that if the investigation 's findings had been acted on in 2009 Harris might still be alive . He told CBS News : ` I think there are so many people who look on at so much corruption it 's more than just a couple of people . ' Charged : Bates -LRB- left in his mug shot -RRB- shot Harris -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and faces four years in prison if convicted . A spokesman for the Tulsa Sheriff acknowledged that some type of internal review was conducted , but that there was no further action taken . Sheriff Stanley Glanz said this week he believes that Bates received his required training . Bates , a Tulsa County volunteer , shot Harris , 44 , after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him . Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after Harris . In an attempt to subdue him , Bates went to grab his Taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . In the disturbing clip , which was released by the sheriff 's office , Bates can be heard shouting ` Taser ! Taser ! ' When the gunshot goes off , he says : ` I shot him ! I 'm sorry . ' The fatally-wounded father can be heard saying : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man ' before adding : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ! ' Earlier this week the Harris family expressed their anger after learning that retired insurance executive Bates , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , would be allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas . A statement released by the family read : ` Whether intended or not , Mr. Bates ' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric 's life , ' they said . Shooting : This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month . Harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . Terrified : The fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man . ' He then adds : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ' ` At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . ' It is not clear when he is leaving for the holiday but Bates will next appear in court on July 2 . He has previously visited the Bahamas with the sheriff , Stanley Glanz , and another reserve deputy and paid for part of Glanz 's trip . In separate news conferences on Monday , the county sheriff and lawyers for Harris ' family disagreed on whether the reserve officer should have been allowed to conduct police work . Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Bates , his long-time insurance agent and former campaign manager , had been properly trained and passed annual firearms certifications required by the state . Dan Smolen , the lawyer for Harris ' family , said the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office violated a number of its internal policies by letting Bates carry his personal handgun after training with another weapon . Smolen also said the department failed to keep a permanent record of Bates ' training , in violation of local policies . Records Bates released during the weekend showed that the volunteer officer was trained on a .45 , not the weapon used in Harris ' death . Bates , who sold his insurance business for $ 6 million in 1999 , was trained to be a Tulsa Police Department patrolman in 1964 but left in 1965 . He was out of law enforcement for 35 years , returning for volunteer work in Florida in 2000 before joining the Tulsa County force in 2008 and making a number of donations to the agency . He also was Glanz 's campaign manager during the 2012 election . Anger : Harris ' son Aidan Fraley -LRB- pictured right with his uncle Andre Harris a week after his father 's death -RRB- , has said the police officers who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . Confusion : An image shows a Taser and a handgun similar to the weapons Bates was carrying . He mistakenly thought he was holding a Taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot Eric Harris . During an appearance on the Today show last week , he apologized to Harris ' family . ` First and foremost let me apologize to the family of Eric Harris , ' he said . ` I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret ... I still ca n't believe it happened . ' He also insisted that , despite keeping his gun and Taser on different parts of his uniform , it was easy to confuse the two . ` This has happened a number of times around the country , I have read about it in the past , ' Bates said . ` I thought to myself after reading several cases , ` I do n't understand how this can happen ' . You must believe me - it can happen to anyone . ' Harris ' son responded by saying that the volunteer deputy was too old to be on the police force . ` He should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' Aidan Fraley said , NBC reported . During an appearance on the Today show last week , Bates apologized to Harris ' family .