A large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in WA has shut down streets in central Melbourne . Several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station Flinders Street at 4 pm on Friday . ` Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people ? ' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets , flanked by police . This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word ` Abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant , the ABC reports . Protesters march through the streets of Melbourne on Friday afternoon against government plans to close down remote indigenous communities in Western Australia . Several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station Flinders Street at 4 pm on Friday . Protesters take part in a traditional smoking ceremony in Melbourne during the rally . Indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government 's plans , which could involve the forced removal of more than 1000 people . The rally forced the closure of Flinders and Elizabeth streets , where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop . Rally goers gathered again outside Flinders Street station , blocking the intersection , just on 5 pm . Police , on foot and on riot horses , followed the marchers all the way . Jason Maxwell , 31 of South East Dandenong Ranges , was among the protesters . ` I disagree , strongly disagree , in selling out on the aboriginal communities just for money , ' Mr Maxwell told AAP . Rally goers gathered again outside Flinders Street station , blocking the intersection , just on 5 pm . One protester walks around with a flag saying ` No Room For Racism ' during the protest . The rally forced the closure of Flinders and Elizabeth streets , where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop . He said the WA and Federal governments should recognise the importance of the link between indigenous people and their lands , and it was wrong to describe this as a lifestyle choice . ` It is the worst thing that a modern government could ever say , ' Mr Maxwell said . ` It 's a political tool to separate us , and I think it is wrong . ' The protesters did not enjoy universal support , with a heckler heard to shout ` move over to WA ' . Hugh Jackman spoke up against the West Australian government 's effort to shut down as many as half of the state 's 270 remote communities . Just last month , Hollywood star Hugh Jackman spoke up against the West Australian government 's effort to shut down as many as half of the state 's 270 remote communities . In a message posted on social media , Jackman said : ` While living in a remote community I came to understand the ` connection ' to land is a fundamental part of Indigenous identity , think about the past , have quality conversations . I SUPPORT YOU ' . Indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government 's plans , which could involve the forced removal of more than 1000 people . Following this is an ABC report of a senior sergeant referring to an Indigenous officer as ` Abor ' on a station roster and also writing ` gay ' next to the name of another at Coolangatta Police Station . The two Queensland officers reportedly sought an apology as they lodged complaints regarding the senior sergeant to the Anti-Discrimination Commission . However the ABC believes both the police service and senior officer have refused to make the apology , as the two incidences had been taken ` out of context ' . The senior sergeant further refuted the claims and also blamed officers for taking notes from his desk . The matters are currently before the Queensland Civil and Administrative Tribunal . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .