A runner up of Brazil 's Miss BumBum competition has branded the contest 's winner ` an attention-seeking sl * t ' after she posted a photograph of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary for Easter . Claudia Alende , 21 , who came second in last year 's beauty pageant , launched a scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho , claiming the model had ` revealed who she truly is ' . Miss Carvalho , 23 , posted the racy picture to her Instagram account on Good Friday - the day the country 's 130million Catholics solemnly remembered the crucifixion and death of Christ . Scroll down for video . Racy : Indianara Carvalho posted the picture of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary on Good Friday . Slammed : Claudia Alende , who came second in the competition , launched a scathing attack on Miss Carvalho . The image , one of a series of nude shots she shared over the Easter weekend , was accompanied with a prayer which including the words : ` Good Friday . Lord , on this day I ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength ' . But the paintings - created by Brazilian spray-paint artist Binho over 10 hours - prompted a tirade of disapproval from her followers , many of whom accused the Miss BumBum winner of disrespect and religious sacrilege . Ms Alende , the competition 's vice champion , better known as the Brazilian ` Megan Fox ' , today waded into the furore , claiming she had been left ` shocked and ashamed ' by her rival 's risqué Easter stunt . Speaking exclusively to MailOnline , Ms Alende , a Catholic , claimed she had also been asked to do the photoshoot but refused ` out of respect for God and for my family ' . She said : ` It was a ridiculous thing to do , I actually feel ashamed for her . ' Claudia Alende , 21 , who came second in last year 's beauty pageant , is known as the Brazilian Megan Fox . Ms Alende , better known as the Brazilian ` Megan Fox ' , claims she had been left ` shocked and ashamed ' by her rival 's risqué Easter stunt . Ms Alende said : ` I 've always known that the woman is an attention-seeking sl * t , and now she 's revealing to everyone else who she truly is ' ` Our Lady is a holy figure , and for many the most important figure in their lives , ' she added . ` To paint her across your naked body , especially on Good Friday , shows a breathtaking lack of respect and judgement . ` Like most other people , I was shocked when I saw the photos . I was actually embarrassed for her , even though she has no shame herself . ` I think in her head she does n't care if it makes people talk well or talk badly of her . She just wants people to talk about her . She thinks that any kind of publicity is a good thing . ` I 've always known that the woman is an attention-seeking sl * t , and now she 's revealing to everyone else who she truly is . ' Brazilian beauty : Ms Alende claims Miss Carvalho has ` revealed who she truly is ' by posting the naked shots . Ms Alende believes the publicity stunt is already backfiring - and called on Brazilians to boycott her rival . The Miss BumBum runner-up told MailOnline ` It was a ridiculous thing to do , I actually feel ashamed for her ' Ms Alende said the current Miss BumBum - who had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time again with ` someone special ' - never deserved to win the coveted title last November . She said : ` I honestly have no idea how she won . She is too muscly , it means her body is ugly , she certainly does n't represent the Brazilian woman . ' And she believes the publicity stunt is already backfiring - and called on Brazilians to boycott her . ` She has made people see her in a negative way , so many are losing respect for her and interest in her too , ' Ms Alende added . ` She is losing her credibility , and will lose work too . ` I think anyone who was shocked by her lack of respect for Christianity and the Virgin Mary should boycott her , including magazines and companies that might have used her image on their pages or to sell their products . ' Miss Carvalho had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time again with ` someone special ' Ms Alende -LRB- second from right -RRB- , a catholic , has branded winner Miss Carvalho -LRB- right -RRB- ` an attention-seeking sl * t ' Miss Carvalho triumphed in Brazil 's annual bottom beauty contest last year , which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best . Following the publication of the photos at the weekend , many of Miss Carvalho 's Instagram followers expressed their outrage . ` Do n't mix God with your ridiculous shame and profanity , ' wrote one Instagram user , Eliane Paz Salinas . Another , Cadmo Barrera Lerma ranted : ` You have lost my total respect , at least one in your list of followers . ' Janvier Veliz Angulo added : ` This proves that beauty is not everything ... you have lost me as one of your fans . ' Referring to Miss Carvalho 's accompanying prayer , another user fumed : ` I think that to ask for peace and love and protection there is no need to be naked !!!! Please respect things related to God ! ' Happy Easter : This was another of the raunchy photographs posted on social media by the Miss BumBum winner . Miss Carvalho 's lengthy prayer also stated : ` Father , protect my ears from all evils and watch my steps on the path to truth '' The 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged that Miss Carvalho had bribed the judges with over £ 70,000 in cash to make sure she won . Christianity is the dominant religion in Brazil , with Roman Catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and Protestants making up 22 per cent , according to the latest Census . Miss Carvalho 's lengthy prayer also stated : ` Father , protect my ears from all evils and watch my steps on the path to truth . ` May your blessings fill my spirit and my heart , which is so kind and cheerful ... Feel your sweet and gentle presence ... I am your grace . ' The buxom blonde triumphed in Brazil 's annual bottom beauty contest last year , which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best . Miss BumBum , which began four years ago and has several spin-offs , is an annual institution in its native Brazil , although not always without controversy . The 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged that Miss Carvalho had bribed the judges with over £ 70,000 in cash to make sure she won .