A husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape , ` solicit to murder ' and assault against his wife . A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man , from Leumeah , 52 kilometres south-west of Sydney , had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . Officers were first called to a Carrington Circuit residence in February where they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute at the home . A police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . ` Inquiries later revealed the woman had sustained the injuries after jumping from the first-floor balcony of the residence following an alleged domestic dispute , ' a police statement said . After charging the man with recklessly cause grievous bodily harm , officers uncovered a lengthy history of ongoing abuse by interviewing the woman over the next four weeks . A total of 102 separate incidents were recorded . ` This included allegations of ongoing verbal harassment , serious physical assaults and multiple sexual and indecent assaults , ' a police statement said . The man faced Campbelltown Local Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Wednesday . He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10 . The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday where he was charged with the 102 offences which included ` solicit to murder , assault occasioning actual bodily harm , assault with act of indecency , intentionally choke person , contravene AVO , sexual intercourse without consent and common assault ' . He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10 . The Australian government is cracking down on domestic violence . Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced that the government would provide $ 15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years . ` We are a fairly laconic laidback society , but we can not be laconic and laidback when it comes to domestic violence ; we have to have a zero tolerance on it , ' Mr Morrison said , while urging men to ` challenge each other 's ideas ' around the topic , according to the ABC . Meanwhile the Council of Australian Governments meeting -LRB- COAG -RRB- today discussed the establishment of a national Domestic Violence Order scheme which would strengthen protection orders across jurisdictions . State leaders will also decide whether they will help fund a $ 30 million awareness campaign on the issue . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .