1 . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- Britain -RRB- Mercedes 93 . 2 . Nico Rosberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Mercedes 66 . 3 . Sebastian Vettel -LRB- Germany -RRB- Ferrari 65 . 4 . Kimi Raikkonen -LRB- Finland -RRB- Ferrari 42 . Fireworks lit up the desert night and sparks glowed from under the cars , but nothing shone brighter in the Bahrain Grand Prix than the luminous talent of Lewis Hamilton . Such is his form at the start of the season that we could easily mistake the extraordinary for the routine . The hard facts are that Hamilton 's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points over his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg . But the British driver 's performances are almost certainly the most complete of his startling career . Lewis Hamilton celebrates winning the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg -LRB- right -RRB- . Kimi Raikkonen , who finished second , applauds Hamilton after the Briton claimed his third victory in four races so far this season . Hamilton extended his lead the Formula One world championship with yet another flawless victory in Bahrain . 1 . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- Britain -RRB- Mercedes 1:35:05.809 . 2 . Kimi Raikkonen -LRB- Finland -RRB- Ferrari +00:03.380 . 3 . Nico Rosberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Mercedes 00:06.033 . 4 . Valtteri Bottas -LRB- Finland -RRB- Williams-Mercedes 00:42.957 . 5 . Sebastian Vettel -LRB- Germany -RRB- Ferrari 00:43.989 . 6 . Daniel Ricciardo -LRB- Australia -RRB- Red Bull - Renault 01:01.751 . 7 . Romain Grosjean -LRB- France -RRB- Lotus - Mercedes 01:24.763 . 8 . Sergio Perez -LRB- Mexico -RRB- Force India - Mercedes 1 lap . 9 . Daniil Kvyat -LRB- Russia -RRB- RedBull - Renault 1 lap . 10 . Felipe Massa -LRB- Brazil -RRB- Williams-Mercedes 1 lap . 11 . Fernando Alonso -LRB- Spain -RRB- McLaren 1 lap . 12 . Felipe Nasr -LRB- Brazil -RRB- Sauber - Ferrari 1 lap . 13 . Nico Hulkenberg -LRB- Germany -RRB- Force India - Mercedes 1 lap . 14 . Marcus Ericsson -LRB- Sweden -RRB- Sauber - Ferrari 1 lap . 15 . Pastor Maldonado -LRB- Venezuela -RRB- Lotus - Mercedes 1 lap . 16 . Will Stevens -LRB- Britain -RRB- Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps . 17 . Roberto Merhi -LRB- Spain -RRB- Marussia - Ferrari 3 laps . r. Max Verstappen -LRB- Netherlands -RRB- Toro Rosso - Renault 22 laps . r. Carlos Sainz Jr -LRB- Spain -RRB- Toro Rosso - Renault 27 laps . r. Jenson Button -LRB- Britain -RRB- McLaren 57 laps . -LRB- rank : r = retired , nc = not classified -RRB- . Fastest Lap : Kimi Raikkonen ,1 : 36.311 , lap 42 . His goal is to match Sir Jackie Stewart 's record of three titles , as we were all reminded when the Scot , who competed in a different and more dangerous age , conducted the podium interviews . Stewart has occasionally been a critic of Hamilton , and not without his reasons , but he was happy to acknowledge on Sunday night that the reigning double world champion is ` the best out there at the moment ' . Hamilton 's faultless behaviour extended to the celebratory spraying of rose water -- the substitute drink in these religiously more abstemious countries . There was no repeat of his turning the fizz on a somewhat trapped stewardess as he did in China seven days earlier . In place of that unchivalrous act , he acted with total restraint , looking at the grey-suited women at the side of the presentation party but studiously keeping his distance . Hamilton 's joy must have been immense though . He had beaten Rosberg , a specialist in Bahrain , in qualifying and in the race . Whether the German can recover from this kind of mauling is open to question . However well he drives , he may never be a match for Hamilton at his greatest . The championship dynamic developed in another important way : the Ferraris of Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen look set to stay in the hunt . The internal rivalry at Ferrari may be as important to the outcome of the title as the one , albeit potentially fading , at Mercedes . Raikkonen was second with a strong drive from fourth on the grid , a place ahead of Rosberg , who drove with real gusto but struggled with brake problems . It was always going to be hard to match the front-to-back excitement of last year 's race here . This edition did not reach those towering standards , but there was still a smattering of thrills during the 57 laps of a race whose efficient organisation , friendly paddock , and perfectly choreographed lights are a model of excellence for all grand prix hosts to emulate . The race started with a close dance between the leading cars . Rosberg , in desperate need of a spark to light his championship challenge , dived down the right of the straight , was blocked by Vettel , and then overtaken by Raikkonen as the second corner swept round to the left . But Rosberg harried Raikkonen 's red machine until he made his brave -- arguably reckless -- move going into the first corner at the start of the fourth lap . It worked , just . Hamilton turned in a strong display at the Sakhir International Circuit to win in Bahrain for the second consecutive year . Hamilton leads the early phase of the grand prix from the Ferrari pair of Sebastian Vettel , who finished fifth , and Kimi Raikkonen . Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene was unimpressed , the Italian mouthing a few words of pure Anglo-Saxon . Hamilton , meanwhile , was running serenely at the front . Rosberg was on a charge . He got close to Vettel when the German ran wide . Then Rosberg attacked . It was a fine move , with the titanium underbellies of both cars sparkling in the dark . Rosberg held Vettel off and powered through . He was now running second behind Hamilton , who was in clear command . Next came the opening round of pit stops . Vettel was first in of the front-runners . Rosberg was in next but emerged from the pits behind the man he had just sweated blood passing . Hamilton was soon in but a slow wheel change delayed him -- a mistake for which the team apologised over the radio -- as Vettel and Rosberg were now flying around . Suddenly , Hamilton 's gap had narrowed to under a second from more than five seconds . Hamilton leads the pack on the run down to Turn 1 ahead of Vettel and Rosberg as sparks fly in Bahrain . Hamilton leads the field round on the pardare lap in Bahrain , the fourth round of the championship . Hamilton is now 27 points clear of Mercedes team-mate Rosberg as he bids to win his third championship . Rosberg immediately passed Vettel again with another close-your-eyes , hold-on-to-your-hats move . Could Rosberg conjure something special and catch Hamilton ? No . If the opportunity was ever there , it did not last long . Hamilton was away , Rosberg 's hopes of victory evaporating in an instant . The next round of stops came along . Vettel was again first in ; Rosberg was next , only to come out behind Vettel again ; Rosberg then passed Vettel once more when the Ferrari ran wide . But up front now , having stopped only once , was Raikkonen on a different tyre strategy . He would stay out longer before putting in a final burst on the faster soft tyres . Raikkonen was left with about 20 seconds to make up in 17 laps . His deficit was 16.2 sec with 15 laps remaining . He was now three seconds quicker than the Mercedes and on course . He continued to eat into those in front of him -- Hamilton and Rosberg -LRB- who finally got his place from a sometimes erratic Vettel when the Ferrari car needed a new nose -RRB- . Raikkonen could not catch Hamilton , but Rosberg , suffering brake problems , ran wide and the Ferrari went through for second . Watching from the McLaren hospitality area was Jenson Button . His car , which broke down in qualifying , did not recover from its electrical gremlins to allow him to race . It was only the third race of the last 272 staged the Briton has missed . He tweeted his thoughts from his chair in the paddock , as his countryman shone brighter than all the stars . Hamilton crosses the start-finish line to win his third race of the season under the lights in Bahrain . The Briton , who now has 36 career wins , celebrates his victory with an air golf swing after leaping out of his Mercedes . Pastor Maldonado and Max Verstappen battle for position with sparks flying off their cars .