Wayne Rooney has revealed how he is developing his own style of captaincy to lead Manchester United this season . Rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career , but admits that he has had to learn to be his own man after Louis van Gaal handed him the armband last summer . It appears to have paid off with Rooney playing a key role in United 's resurgence under the Dutchman . Last weekend 's emphatic derby win over Manchester City was their sixth Premier League victory in a row as Van Gaal 's side head towards a top-four finish . Captain Wayne Rooney celebrates Marouane Fellaini 's goal as Manchester United beat rivals City on Sunday . The United skipper has revealed he is captaining the team ` his own way ' and has to be his own person . Rooney and Paddy McNair were inspired to go for a game of golf on Wednesday following The Masters . ` You have to do it your own way , ' said Rooney . ` You can obviously look how people have done it before you but I have to be my own person and do what I feel is the best way for me to captain the team . ` Giggsy was n't captain here full-time in my time at United , but the things he 's done have been a big help and still now . There were also leaders like Roy Keane , Gary Neville and David Beckham . ` There was Steven Gerrard and John Terry who were fantastic captains . But you ca n't say I want to be like him or I want to be like someone else . ' Rooney was catained by midfielder Roy Keane -LRB- right -RRB- during his early years at Old Trafford . The England skipper has also played alongside leaders Steven Gerrard and John Terry for the national side . Rooney does n't hesitate to tell his team-mates what he thinks , even though his dressing-room speeches tend to be off the cuff . He added : ` I did n't even write anything down for my wedding ! ` The team spirit in the dressing-room is fantastic , but there are though obviously times when you have to speak up . Rooney insists the team spirit at Man United is fantastic but there are times when he needs to speak up . Rooney was handed the captain 's armband by Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal last summer . ` I did that before the Tottenham game because I felt I had to . We had a bad defeat in the FA Cup against Arsenal and I just wanted to reiterate to the players what our targets were for the remaining games of the season . ` The players responded to that and we have had some good results . ' On Wednesday , United confirmed their plans for another summer tour of America where they will again take part in the International Champions Cup . The other teams include Chelsea , Barcelona , Paris Saint-Germain and Gerrard 's new club LA Galaxy .