A would-be Lib Dem MP who describes himself as a feminist has been filmed repeatedly trying to touch a naked lap dancer . Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London . Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate -- who calls himself an advocate of women 's rights -- attempting to touch her arms and thighs , which is against the venue 's policy . Scroll down for video . Up close : Would-be MP Maajid Nawaz with a scantily-clad lap dancer in the club in east London . Seedy : The married father-of-one asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London . Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ` outrageous ' . In the film , Nawaz -- a convicted former extremist -- can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact with the girl as she dances naked for him in a private room during two £ 20 lap dances . Manager Jay Shah , who witnessed Nawaz 's behaviour , said he was ` very drunk ' and bouncers threatened to throw him out several times . ` He was asking her to touch him and he was touching her , ' he said . ` In general he was quite persistent with her , asking to take her out and for her number . ' A rising star of the Liberal Democrats , 37-year-old Nawaz is also a leading figure in the Muslim community and head of anti-extremism charity the Quilliam Foundation , which he set up . Rising star : The prospective parliamentary candidate with Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg . A regular guest on BBC News programmes , he declared on Newsnight in 2013 : ` I consider myself a feminist . ' He once wrote on Twitter : ` You do n't need to be a woman to stand for women 's rights . ' He often throws his weight behind gender issues such as the campaign against female genital mutilation and paints himself as a role model for young Muslim men at risk of radicalisation . But Abdul Malik , the club 's owner , said he wanted the video to be seen by the public because of the way Nawaz portrays himself as a feminist and a family man . ` He 's always talking about religion on TV and I thought , what a hypocrite , ' he said . He claimed ` arrogant ' Nawaz acts like a ` spokesman for Islam ' -- but visited the club during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ` outrageous ' The full strip club footage , obtained by the Mail , clearly shows Nawaz receiving two five-minute lap dances an hour apart . He and two friends paid £ 10 entry to the small ` gentleman 's club ' in Whitechapel and were seen drinking heavily . He left the club alone in the early hours of the morning . During the first session -- in which the dancer gets naked -- she has to repeatedly remove his hands from her body and pushes him away at one point . During the second dance with the same woman , he also spends time chatting to her -- whispering into her ear and trying to touch her hair . Newlywed : Nawaz 's second wife Rachel Maggart . She later informed the manager , who told security to ` keep an eye on her ' . Club boss Mr Shah claimed Nawaz had been ` bragging ' but the dancer later told him : ` Who does he think he is ? ' Tory MP Nadine Dorries last night called for Nawaz to quit his candidacy . ` In politics , you ca n't advocate one cause or manner of behaviour then act differently in your personal life , ' she said . Labour MP Khalid Mahmood added : ` The message this sends to women is not one of respect . ' British-born Nawaz was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir . On his return to England in 2006 , he renounced his views and quickly established himself as a spokesman on extremism issues . He has been selected by party leader Nick Clegg to fight the London marginal seat of Hampstead and Kilburn and has been married to US-born writer and artist Rachel Maggart , 29 , since October . They were engaged and believed to have been living together at his West London home when he visited the club on July 9 last year . He has a young son from his previous marriage to Rabia Nawaz -- who is also known to have supported Hizb ut-Tahrir . A spokesman for Nawaz said he denied touching the dancer ` inappropriately ' and added that his reputation for advocating women 's rights was ` in the context of Islamic extremism ' . He said he had not been warned about his behaviour , and was not ` out of control ' through drink or breaching the rules . The spokesman said : ` The evening you refer to was our client 's stag night before his marriage . ` His best man took him to the gentleman 's club with the full knowledge of our client 's then future wife -LRB- now his wife -RRB- . ' Nawaz can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact with the girl as she dances naked for him .