Burton secured promotion to Sky Bet League One after Lucas Akins scored both goals in their 2-1 win at Morecambe . Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink 's side are up as , despite fourth-placed Bury still being able to catch them , third-placed Wycombe - who have played a game more than the Shakers - can not . Damien McCrory saw his 28th-minute penalty kept out by Andreas Arestidou but just two minutes later Akins slotted through the goalkeeper 's legs having been played through by Stuart Beavon . Burton Albion 's -LRB- L-R -RRB- Denny Johnstone , Tom Naylor and Jon McLaughlin celebrate League Two promotion . The Burton Albion players celebrate their win against Morecambe which confirmed promotion . Scott Shearer sprays his team-mates in Champagne as they celebrate their victory and promotion . Burton Albion 's Manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink smiles after seeing his side promoted to League One . Burton Albion players celebrate with the fans after their victory against Morecambe confirmed promotion . Burton Albion 's Shearer and John Mousinho celebrate promotion to League One with a bottle of bubbly . Akins scored a second from the spot after Arestidou brought down Beavon before Mark Hughes pulled one back in the last minute of normal time . Shrewsbury are a win away from a return to League One after beating York 1-0 . Defender Mark Ellis headed in the only goal after 12 minutes as Micky Mellon 's men bounced back from their loss to Bury in midweek . Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0 , with Ryan Lowe scoring his 10th goal of the season . Defender Mark Ellis scored to ensure Shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to League One . Shrewsbury Town 's Ellis celebrates his goal against York City with team mate Tyrone Barnett . The win moves them to within two points of Wycombe after Gareth Ainsworth 's men were held 0-0 at AFC Wimbledon . Southend also remain in the hunt for automatic promotion after Michael Timlin scored in stoppage time in a 1-0 win over Exeter , whose third straight defeat leaves them four points off a play-off place . At the other end of the table , each of the bottom three suffered defeats . Hartlepool lost 3-0 to Luton , Cheltenham were beaten 2-0 at Northampton and Tranmere remain bottom of the table following a 3-0 defeat at home to Oxford . Northampton 's Marc Richards celebrates after scoring his side 's second goal against Cheltenham Town . Carlisle secured their Football League status with 2-0 win against Plymouth , while Cambridge and Mansfield are also safe despite the U 's winning their encounter at the Abbey Stadium 3-1 . Luton 's win moved them level on points with Plymouth , who hold the fourth play-off spot . Stevenage are four points above the pair after Chris Beardsley 's 89th-minute goal rescued a 2-2 draw against Accrington , who played almost the entire game with 10 men following Nicky Hunt 's second-minute sending off . Newport are three points off the play-offs as they suffered a fourth consecutive defeat , going down 3-2 at home to Dagenham .