A man has died after falling from an apartment balcony while he was on the phone to his new wife . 29-year-old Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday , while talking to his wife in India . Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1 am , however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . Scroll down for video . 29-year-old Pankaj Saw -LRB- right -RRB- fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Wednesday night , while talking to his wife in India . It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below . Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa , and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years . He was a systems support analyst for an IT firm and carried out work for Optus . Mr Saw returned to Australia on March 15 after spending six months in India , where he got married , colleagues say . Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . Mr Saw was on the phone to his wife back in India at the time of the tragic fall . Speaking to the Daily Telegraph , Howard Ryan , director of Housesafe , said he believed that the collapse was an accident waiting to happen after taking a look at pictures of the bracket which attaches the balcony to the wall . Mr Ryan said it appeared that rail ` has not been installed in a prudent , compliant and safe manner . ' ` The metal bracket is installed in reverse , therefore the horizontal timber railing after a period of time has rotted and the fixings have pulled through the timber upon pressure of the deceased leaning on the railing pushing the timber outwards and him falling , ' he said . Grief-stricken friends and workmates , including the two with whom he shared his unit , gathered at his apartment on Thursday . Speaking to the Daily Telegraph , Howard Ryan , director of Housesafe , said he believed that the collapse was an accident waiting to happen after taking a look at pictures of the bracket which attaches the balcony to the wall . Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa , and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years . His manager Karen Waller remembered Mr Saw as man full of life and energy . ` He is going to be badly missed , ' she said . ` We just hope that something is done about what has happened here . ` You can tell that something obviously was n't quite right about this apartment . ' Investigators are looking at whether a structural fault contributed to Mr Saw 's fatal fall . Detective Inspector Richard Puffett said police wanted to be sure all aspects of the balcony and the unit 's structure were safe and sound . Police also hope to speak to the person who helped Mr Saw before paramedics arrived at the Cottonwood Crescent property .