Dallas nurse Nina Pham contracted Ebola while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan , the first U.S. patient to die from the deadly disease . A hospital operator has denied allegations of poor training and improper preparation in seeking dismissal of a lawsuit by a nurse who contracted Ebola while caring for the first U.S. patient to die from the deadly disease . Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham , The Dallas Morning News reported Saturday . Pham , who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work , seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit . A man visiting Dallas from Liberia , Thomas Eric Duncan , died October 8 at the hospital . Pham and another nurse caring for Duncan contracted Ebola but survived . Texas Health Resources spokesman Wendell Watson said in a statement Friday that the company and the hospital acted responsibly to protect their employees , basing their responses on the most up-to-date federal guidelines and with leading experts at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . The hospital also respected Pham 's privacy and acted only with her consent , the statement said . A doctor on October 16 videotaped Pham , who was in a hospital bed , in images later made public . ` Nina Pham has gone through the unprecedented challenge of being the first nurse to whom the Ebola virus was transmitted while caring for a patient with Ebola in the U.S. , ' the statement said . A doctor video taped Nina Pham while she was in her hospital bed on October 16 and images -LRB- pictured -RRB- were later made public . The hospital says it respected Pham 's privacy and only acted with her consent . ` Our care and compassion for Nina is paramount , and we will continue to show her the utmost courtesy , dignity and respect as a member of the Texas Health family , ' the statement continued . Since Pham contracted the disease while working for the hospital as an intensive care nurse , her remedy should be a worker 's compensation claim , not in civil court , the hospital 's response said . ` I am disappointed but not surprised about the answer THR filed , ' said Pham 's attorney , Charla Aldous . ` My hope was that they would come clean and be honest about what happened so that the health care community can learn from the mistakes made , ' Aldous added .