Laura Robson put her injury frustrations to one side over the weekend by heading to Tortuga , a country music festival in Florida . The 21-year-old shared a photo on Instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends and captioned the image ` Country music is the best music #tortuga . ' In recent weeks , Robson has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence . Laura Robson -LRB- centre -RRB- shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival with two friends . Robson 's last appearance came in the 2014 Australian Open first round where she lost in straight sets . Robson -LRB- left -RRB- had to wear a protective cast last year but tweeted a picture back on the court last month . Her last appearance was over a year ago , in the first round of the 2014 Australian Open , where she was swept aside in straight sets by Kirtsen Flipkens and she has not played since due to a left wrist problem . She had tendon surgery and is now nearing a return , although she withdrew from a qualifying event for the Miami Open last month and also removed her name from a WTA Tour event in Bogota later in April . It appears her next target with be the French Open , with the first round starting on Sunday , May 24 . Should she make it out on the clay at Roland Garros , it will end a 16-month absence from the court that has left one of Britain 's brightest hopes in women 's tennis without a world ranking . She has been practising in the United States , in Tampa , as she aims to build up form and fitness . A previous Instagram post on March 26 , of her doing a handstand on a tennis court to show off her new shoes , showed supporters she was back training and the strength in her wrist was returning . Her manager , Max Eisenbud , gave an update on her progress at the end of March and sounded cautiously optimistic about how Robson is improving . Robson is now said to be nearing a return and is targeting the French Open in May . The 21-year-old Robson also missed out on Wimbledon last year but could be in line to play in 2015 . ` I 'm happy with the way it 's been going and she 's been hitting the ball great in practice , ' Eisenbud said . ` It 's a question of waiting until the coaches think she can play five matches in a week . ` It 's all about when she is ready to compete . We do n't want to put her in a situation where she ca n't play a full tournament . '