A man has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired police officer . Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes . He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car 's license plate number , he was mowed down by the car , and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller . Anthony Corrales has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired NYPD officer who was then let off the hook by fellow cops . The incident occured last June outside the Resorts World Casino -LRB- above -RRB- . ` We almost crashed into him and the car behind me almost crashed into me , ' Corrales told the New York Daily News of the initial incident . Corrales then said he got out of his car at a red light to take the license plate number , while Muller disputes this and claims the man followed him into the casino parking light . That is when things intensified between the two . ` He turned the wheels and I heard wheels screeching , ' Corrales said . ` He hit me with the car and took off with me on the car and he was going fast . ' Corrlaes claims he held on the windshield wipers to make sure he did not fall off the car , and a few blocks later Muller stooped and he was able to get off . He said of the incident ; ` Seriously , the dude wanted to kill me . The look on his face was pure hate . There was an older woman and a kid in the car and I could hear them screaming at him to stop . ' When he returned to his car however , police arrived on the scene and arrested Corrales for menacing behavior , harassment and cracking Muller 's windshield . Muller meanwhile was let off the hook , claiming it was Corrales who jumped on the hood of his car after telling him ; ` Get out of the car tough guy . ' Video footage from the casino does show Corrales being driven on the hood of the car , but what happened prior to that is unclear . ` Instead of deterring Mr. Muller from future dangerous acts of road rage , the police ensured that he can continue to use his car as a weapon with impunity , ' said Corrales ' lawyer Leo Glickman . ` They 're all pals and friends , ' said Corrales of Muller and the police . Muller has yet to comment .