Labour leader Ed Miliband has insisted he does not live in a ` mansion ' -- despite admitting it is worth ` between £ 2million and £ 3million ' . Mr Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £ 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than £ 2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . The claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens -- including one for the family 's live-in nanny . Scroll down for video . Labour leader Ed Miliband - with members of staff on the Oncology ward during a visit to Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge - has insisted he does not live in a ` mansion ' Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home . The Labour leader was pictured with his wife Justine in their ` functional kitchenette ' instead of the much larger family kitchen downstairs . Mr Miliband , speaking on Radio 2 's Jeremy Vine show this afternoon , insisted his home was not a mansion . After confirming that he would be liable to pay the ` mansion tax ' he was asked whether he felt like he lived in a mansion . ` No , but look , that 's just the term that 's used . ' Asked how he would pay for the £ 250 a month levy , Mr Miliband said : ` I 'll get it from my income -- myself and Justine . ' And he declined to set out how much people with homes worth more than £ 3m would be paying as part of the levy . ` There are about 100,000 homes we think in this area , that will be above £ 2m and the Treasury has estimated that £ 1.2 bn is a reasonable assumption to make from this . ` We 've set out what the band will be between £ 2m and £ 3m - £ 250 a month , which is broadly speaking the top level of the council tax so in other words that 's the same again . ` The precise figures above £ 3m will have to wait for when we get into government , precisely because we 've got to establish how many properties are in each band . ' Mr Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £ 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than £ 2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . Daniel , Miliband 's eldest son , tells the camera the family spartan kitchen is the ` best ' in the £ 2.7 million home . Kitchen sink dramas : Ed Miliband and his family in the kitchen that has caused so much controversy . According to the property website Zoopla , Mr Miliband owns the most expensive home of any of the political leaders . His home in north London home value at £ 2.73 million , up by more than £ 1million since 2010 . By contrast Mr Cameron 's house in West London home would narrowly escape the mansion tax , being valued at £ 1.971 million . Mr Clegg , who lives in Putney in south west London , would also escape with his home valued at £ 1.89 million . Ukip leader Mr Farage is said to have a house in Kent worth a more modest £ 550,000 -- still twice as expensive as the average home in the UK . Under Labour 's plan , people trapped in expensive homes who have no access to savings will be protected from the charge aimed at properties worth £ 2million or more . Shadow chancellor Ed Balls has promised to hike the levy for homes with over £ 10million , to ensure they make a ` significantly bigger contribution ' . The £ 2million limit will rise in line with property prices , instead of inflation ` to ensure that more modest properties are not brought into the scope of the tax ' . Labour has joined the Liberal Democrats in promising an extra charge on expensive properties , to target rich homeowners -- especially wealthy foreigners who buy up properties in London . There will also be protection for people who do not have large savings or higher earnings , but who live in an expensive home . The Lib Dems used to argue in favour of a 1 per cent charge on the value of any home worth more than £ 2million , but there are concerns it would be difficult to implement .