Chris Gayle is not adverse to bowling spin , so it perhaps unsurprising that the batsman has tried his hands to get something to turn again - albeit if not on a cricket pitch . The 35-year-old is currently in India ahead of this year 's IPL tournament which starts on Wednesday . And it appears the destructive batsman is enjoying himself before attempting to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned IPL champions for the first time in their history . Chris Gayle -LRB- left -RRB- uploaded an Instagram picture behind the DJ decks ahead of the IPL season on Tuesday . Gayle , pictured in 2012 , will be hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalore 's first-ever IPL crown this year . Accompanied with the caption : ` Current situation ... Believe me , I 'm on the work again ... #USL #RCB , ' Gayle posted a picture via his Instagram account on Tuesday of himself behind some DJ decks . It 's not the first time that Gayle has tried his hand musically . Last month the West Indies opener posted ` I 'm not leaving ' alongside an Instagram video of himself singing along with an amused singer in Sydney after rejecting speculation that he will quit international cricket . Gayle , laughing while attempting to hit the high notes as the singer covers Sam Smith 's ` Stay With Me ' , is no doubt referring to the picturesque Opera Bar on Sydney Harbour at which he was clearly enjoying himself . Despite his off-the-field pleasures , Gayle will be hoping that he and his Bangalore team-mates are signing from the same hymn sheet when they start their IPL campaign . The Challengers travel to the Kolkata Knight Riders on Saturday looking to make amends for the past three years where they have missed out on the play-offs altogether . Possessing a potent batting order that includes Gayle , AB de Villers and Virat Kohli - the £ 1.17 million purchase of Dinesh Karthik in addition could see them finally shake off their underachievers tag . Virat Kohli -LRB- left -RRB- and Gayle pictured playing for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the 2012 tournament .