Police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago . Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall , North Carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional Mayberry in ` The Andy Griffith Show . ' Her friend got dropped off first , but Ronda never made it back home . Three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride . She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death . The man who gave her a ride home that day was never found . Scroll down for video . Ronda Blaylock -LRB- above -RRB- was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted . This after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man -LRB- above -RRB- after school in Rural Hall , North Carolina . Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson -LRB- above -RRB- said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to getting him . The Camel City Dispatch reports that the investigation into Ronda 's death was relaunched after her mother , Rebecca , called in to authorities recently to ask what progress had been made on her daughter 's case . ` Within a day or so after receiving her call there were developments that I can not discuss here today , but this task force is actively pursuing good leads , ' Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday . What they already knew is that the man was in his early twenties back in 1980 , drove a blue pickup truck with a white shell over the bed and went by Jimmy , though he told the girls his friends called him Butch . He would now be in his mid-to-late fifties . And while it has been years since the incident , some witnesses have been able to provide better information now than they could at the time the tragedy occurred . ` This is because they were young when this murder occurred and they feared getting into trouble with their parents or the law ; they are no longer close with those who , in confidence , has discussed the homicide with them , ' explained Sheriff Atkinson . ` The witnesses did not realize Ronda 's murder is still an open case . ' More importantly , police can now test some of the DNA evidence from the scene , something they could not do back in 1980 due to a lack of technology . Ronda had been violently assaulted and stabbed to death when her body was found . The man was in his early twenties back in 1980 , drove a blue pickup truck -LRB- similar to the one above -RRB- with a white shell over the bed and went by Jimmy , though he told the girls his friends called him Butch . What 's more , Sheriff Atkinson does not think law enforcement has to search far to find the man . ` We think he lived and still lives in the immediate area , ' he said . ` We feel like he has blended into the community and he 's lived with this for a long time and we 're hoping he does the right thing and comes forward . ' And if he does not come forward , Sheriff Atkinson has a message for him : ` Make no mistake . We are coming for you . ' Ronda 's mother meanwhile just wants closure after years of pain . ` I want them to be put in prison for the rest of their lives because I 've been in prison , so to speak , for almost 35 years , ' she said . Anyone who has information should contact rondablaylock1980@gmail.com or call the task force hotline -lrb- 336-rrb-401-8971