British Airways suffered three plane diversions in just over 24 hours . A medical emergency and two technical issues meant delays for hundreds of passengers on aircraft that were all bound for Heathrow over the weekend . An Airbus A321 from Baku , Azerbaijan to London was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20 pm local time departure on Friday evening . There were three diversions in just over 24 hours of BA planes over the weekend -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Despite BA denying an engine fire forced one of it 's London-bound planes to return to Baku , Azerbaijan , customers believed different on board . The #BA144 was carrying 92 passengers and crew . There were reports at the time that the pilot had alerted ground staff of an engine fire . However a BA spokesperson denied there was a fire , telling MailOnline Travel : ` The pilots decided to return to the airport after reports of a technical issue . ` Our flight crew are highly trained and the aircraft landed as normal . Our customers on this flight were rebooked on alternative services . ' Flight BA198 had set out from Mumbai , India for London at around 1.30 pm local time on Saturday when it took a holding pattern above Turkey , and landed at Istanbul . One passenger on the flight told airlive.net that ` the engine was leaking and there was not enough fuel to get back to London . ' A passenger on board the Mumbai to London flight reported of a problem with the engine . Of the incident , a spokesperson for BA said : ` The pilot diverted as a precaution after a report of a minor technical issue . ` We despatched another aircraft at the earliest opportunity and provided accommodation for our customers who then continued their journey to London . ' However writing on the Aviation Herald , Dr David Crome said : ` BA flew out the replacement plane , but then they delayed boarding for two hours due to a blocked toilet . Three planes into Heathrow were diverted meaning long delays for passengers at the weekend . ` Numerous passengers missed connecting flights and no email or text communications sent out to us , or any mention of how to make any compensation claims . ' Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning , an overall delay of 21 hours . Finally , a medical emergency saw the third flight in 24 hours - flight #BA76 from Luanda to London - diverted to Paris Charles de Gaulle after leaving the Angolan City just before midnight local time on Saturday evening . ` The flight to Luanda landed in Paris to ensure that an unwell customer received medical treatment , said BA . ' The unscheduled landing in Istanbul of the flight out of Mumbai worried some Twitter users . The spokesperson continued : ` We operate up to 800 flights per day and there are occasions when minor incidents result in a delay to our customers ' journey . ` We apologise for any inconvenience caused when this happens but the safety and well-being of our customers and crew is always our first priority . ` None of our flights were forced to make emergency landings . In the unrelated incidents , our flight crews took the appropriate action to divert due to minor technical issues or as a result of a customer being unwell on board . '