A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning , setting off a series of explosions and oil fires . Dale Lyman , a spokesman for the Greeley Fire Department , says firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m. . They are working with NGL Energy Partners , the company that owns the site , but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire , Lyman told The Greeley Tribune . Nearby homes were evacuated , however no injuries were reported . The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank , launching it into the air . It landed 60 feet from the site . The water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing , which ignited , Fox 31 reported . The tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground . Scroll down for video . Boom : A tanker carrying fracking wastewater - which contains traces of gas and petroleum - exploding at a facility in Greeley , Colorado , on Friday , after being struck by lightning in a storm . No one was injured , but the facility has likely been destroyed . Fire melts the cab of a truck as the blaze continues at a waste water storage area on Friday , April 17 , 2015 near the Greeley-Weld Airport . Launched : An oil and gas wastewater tank soars through the air after an explosion at the NGL Energy Partners facility Friday . Plume : Smoke rises as a fire spreads at a waste water storage area on Friday near the Greeley-Weld Airport outside of Greeley . The area was linked to earthquakes near Greeley in May and June last year . The site is located near the intersection of Weld County Road 47 and Weld County Road 64 , just northeast of the Greeley Airport . The suppression foam that used to extinguish the flames is for fighting liquid fire l and cuts off the fire 's oxygen supply and cools it down , Lyman said . NGL Energy Partners have several similar facilites across the country . The company 's vice president , Doug White , said they had the incident under control . ` It was quite a lightning storm that was moving through here , ' White told The Greeley Tribune . Explosion : Flames erupted about 1 p.m. at the site located near the intersection of Weld County Road 47 and Weld County Road 64 , just northeast of the Greeley Airport in Colorado . Fracking site : The fire was near an injection well where hydraulic fracturing wastewater is pumped into the ground . Burning for hours : Firefighters had no choice but to sit back and wait for some of the fires to subside , because they were ignited by oil . Greeley added : `` We 've had it happen in Texas , several times , actually . ` That 's a part of the business . ' While some local reports have suggested the facility was completely destroyed in the fire , White played down such talk . ` We do n't know the amount of damage , ' he said . We 're still assessing the situation . ' In a statement , company officials also vowed to participate fully in the investigation . Colorado was n't the only party of the country battered by severe weather this weekend - or the only place a tanker exploded . Karnes County Sheriff Dwayne Villanueva blamed lightning for an explosion Friday at an oil tank in Karnes City , south of San Antonio , sending flames more than 100 feet into the air . Storms featuring high winds , hail and at least one report of a tornado swept through an area stretching from southern Texas to parts of Oklahoma , Kansas and central Nebraska on Saturday , and more were forecast later in the evening . Heavily populated areas with the highest risk of storms are San Antonio , Oklahoma City and Norman , Oklahoma , according to the National Weather Service . Most of North Texas , including Dallas-Fort Worth , was placed under a severe thunderstorm warning until 1 am Sunday . Under threat : The Academy of Country Music 's Party for a Cause festival at Globe Life Park in Arlington was threatened by the severe thunderstorm warning Saturday night . The festival was delayed and revelers told to move inside and take cover . Taking cover : Photos from Twitter show revelers at the Academy of Country Music 's ` Party for a Cause ' festival covered in ponchos after being told to get inside for a storm expected to hit the open-air theater in Arlington . Everyone , inside : The city of Arlington activated its outdoor warning sirens due to the high winds and the potential for hail Saturday , forcing festival goers at the Academy of Country Music 's ` Party for a Cause ' to move into hallways inside . The storm threatened the the Academy of Country Music 's Party for a Cause festival at Globe Life Park , Arlington , which was expected to be canceled . Fans were just asked to move indoors and take cover as the start of the festival was delayed . Reports of hail , some of up to quarter-size , were widespread Saturday afternoon along a line from central Nebraska through the plains of western Oklahoma and to the rolling plains of North Texas and Central Texas plateaus . One unconfirmed report of a tornado was received from the public in an unpopulated area of remote Edwards Plateau country , about 110 miles northwest of San Antonio . No damage or injuries were reported . The storms developed a day after at least five firefighters were hurt on Friday when their truck overturned on a rain-slick rural road in Central Texas and hit a tree . Severe weather : Intense rains came down hard and fast in Houston , Texas on Friday night , leading to flash flooding in the area . Underwater : Houston was hit with rainfall rates of 2-3 inches an hour , according to Weather Channel forecaster Michael Palmer . Flash flooding : The heaviest rain hit the south side of Houston , near the suburbs of Pasadena -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Ongoing : The rain was expected to continue throughout the night Friday and into Saturday . They were taken to hospital . Texas Department of Public Safety Trooper Harpin Myers said an ambulance crew responding to the wreck also was involved in a crash . The crews were responding to an initial accident after a vehicle hydroplaned on the wet road and collided with another . In Houston , some creeks and bayous filled to their banks and drivers in found water reaching nearly to car bumpers . The weather service reported Saturday that rain gauges at Reliant Park , the complex that includes the NFL Houston Texans football stadium , registered 5.32 inches over the previous 24 hours . Other readings topping 4 inches were common in parts of Houston . A storm system will produce a chance of showers and thunderstorms from the Upper Midwest to the Southeast . The northern and central Rockies will have a chance of rain and snow showers . The West Coast should be mainly dry . -LRB- Weather Underground via AP -RRB- . The Harris County Flood Control District recorded 3.6 inches of rain during a 30-minute period in Pasadena , southeast of Houston , and Center Point Energy said as many as 35,000 of its electric customers had been without power . South of Houston in Brazoria County , police reported hail the size of tennis balls in Angleton , and Needville received 4 inches of rain . The roof was torn from a home on Jamaica Beach in Galveston County . In La Porte , as many as 40 homes took in water . In South Texas , funnel clouds were reported near Victoria and Beeville and authorities said a tornado briefly touched down in a rural area of Matagorda County about 100 miles southwest of Houston .