The Taliban annual ` spring offensive ' began today in Afghanistan with the jihadi group claiming responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours . A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today as the militants continue to pursue territory in north east Afghanistan . According to the official spokesman for the Taliban , Zabiullah Mujahid , over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently ` controlled ' by the Taliban . Whilst their figures are exaggerated , the Taliban 's new offensive is set to the start of fresh violence in the troubled country . Taliban militants opened the offensive today with a failed rocket attack on a US base in Bagram air base , situated close to the Afghan capital city of Kabul . Taliban militants opened the offensive today with a failed rocket attack on a US base in Bagram air base , situated close to the Afghan capital city of Kabul . The rocket landed harmlessly in base and despite the Taliban claims that they had ` killed and wounded hundreds of Americans ' , no casualties have been reported . Improvised explosive devices -LRB- IEDs -RRB- were also reportedly detonated in Kunar and Khost province . Casualty numbers remain unconfirmed but the attacks symbolize a worrying indicator of the broad areas being targeted by the Taliban . The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm , meaning ` determination ' , on Wednesday , revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces . The Taliban have been waging an jihadi insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001 . With the emergence of ISIS , the Taliban are already facing a struggle for power in Afghanistan . The extremists want to turn Afghanistan into an Islamic Emirate , governed by strict sharia law . In December , photos emerged of a robber being publicly executed by Taliban fighters with machine guns . The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm , meaning ` determination ' , on Wednesday , revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces in what is expected to be the bloodiest fighting season in a decade . With NATO forces pulling back from the frontlines , concerns remain whether trained Afghan forces will be able to consistently repel the expected barrage of Taliban attacks . ` The Islamic Emirate is going to launch the spring operations under the inspirational name of ` Azm ' -LRB- Determination -RRB- at 5 am on 24th April 2015 , ' the Taliban said in a statement on Wednesday , using their official name . ` The main targets of these operations ... will be the foreign occupiers , especially their permanent military bases ... officials of the stooge regime , their military constellations , especially their intelligence , interior ministry and defence ministry officials . ' Former Afghan Taliban fighters are seen holding weapons before they hand them over , as part of a government peace and reconciliation initiative , at a ceremony in Jalalabad recently . NATO 's combat mission formally ended in December but a small follow-up foreign force has stayed on to train and support local security personnel . US President Barack Obama last month backpedaled on plans to shrink the US force in Afghanistan this year by nearly half , agreeing to keep the current level of 9,800 US troops until the end of 2015 . The Taliban , who have waged a deadly insurgency since they were ousted from power in late 2001 , said the announcement would damage any prospect of peace talks as they vowed to continue fighting . Aside from the Taliban , the Afghan government has also repeatedly warned of the Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- group making inroads into the country . President Ashraf Ghani blamed IS for a suicide attack last Saturday in the eastern city of Jalalabad that killed 33 people and wounded more than 100 others . If verified , that would mark the first major attack by the jihadists in the country . President Ashraf Ghani blamed IS for a suicide attack last Saturday in the eastern city of Jalalabad that killed 33 people and wounded more than 100 others . Afghan security forces are struggling to cope with the new offensive across Afghanistan particularly with the gradual withdrawal of NATO forces . The upsurge in attacks has taken a heavy toll on ordinary Afghans . According to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan -LRB- UNAMA -RRB- , the number of civilians killed and wounded up by 22 percent in 2014 compared to the previous year . In the first three months of 2015 , civilian casualties from ground fighting were up eight percent on the same period last year , a new UNAMA report said . But in their statement , the Taliban said their ` top priority will be given to safeguard and protect the lives and properties of the civilian people ' during the offensive . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .