The son of a Bulgarian housekeeper has been accepted in to all eight Ivy League schools -- and a further ten big league universities . Stefan Stoykov , a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis , Indiana , moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English . Now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet -- and admits he can hardly believe it . Scroll down for video . Top of the class : Stefan Stoykov has been accepted in to all eight Ivy League schools -- and a further ten big league universities . Stefan told WTHR : ` It is an incredible feeling . I never knew that I would have a chance to choose from possibly the best schools from the world . I was hoping to get into at least one of the Ivy Leagues . ' Brown , Columbia , Cornell , Dartmouth , Harvard , Penn , Yale and Princeton have all come knocking . He had only held out hopes of hearing from one of them but has also heard from 10 other prestigious institutions . The teen , who could not speak English when he joined the second grade at Nora Elementary school in Washington Township , has yet to make a decision . He revealed that hard work and the support of his parents had helped him achieve his goals . He added that the hard work of his mother , a housekeeper , had inspired him over the years . ` I still ca n't get over the fact all these schools accepted me , ' he told WTHR . ` I ca n't describe it . I am still having trouble believing it . The teenager , a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis , Indiana , moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight year old when he could not speak a word of English . The 18-year-old has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet , including Harvard -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` My parents had done so much to put me in this position , to put me in the United States of America . And I had to take advantage of that . I had to do something with the opportunities they gave me . ' Stefan 's extracurricular activities include helping to tutor other students while he is also valedictorian and secured a perfect SAT score . He is not the first teenager to be accepted into all eight Ivy League schools . Just days ago it was revealed how North Carolina student Victor Agbafe had done the same . The 17-year-old , a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington , was accepted into 14 schools in all including Stanford and Duke . Another high school student , Harold Ekeh of Long Island , was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools . Ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and CEO of the Model UN . He moved from Nigeria to Long Island at the age of eight , got a 2270 on his SATs and also has plans to be a neurosurgeon so he can find an Alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother . Whiz kid : Harold Ekeh , from Long Island , was also accepted into every Ivy League college . He moved from Nigeria to New York aged eight and plans to be a neurosurgeon .