He may be a noted team man but Xabi Alonso admits he has his sights on some personal glory as Bayern Munich prepare for the next phase of their bid for the Champions League . Victory this season with Bayern , who face Porto in the quarter-finals starting Wednesday night at the Dragao , would make Alonso only the second player to win European football 's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at Liverpool and Real Madrid . ` There is one player who has won three Champions Leagues with three different clubs : -LSB- Clarence -RSB- Seedorf . Of course it is in my mind . The end of my career is near , ' Alonso admitted to The Telegraph . Xabi Alonso lines up for Bayern Munich on Wednesday night against Porto at the Dragao Stadium . The Champions League first leg quarter-final is the next step in his quest to win the title with three clubs . ` I do n't have many years left but it is one of the targets . It is an individual target and it would be great to win the third one with a third club because the Champions League is special , ' Alonso said . Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005 . And last season he was part of Carlo Ancelotti 's side to take the title , even though his yellow cards throughout the tournament meant he was forced to be a pundit rather than a player for the final win over Atletico Madrid . Alonso trains under the watchful eye of manager Pep Guardiola who is keen to add to his Barcelona victories . Seedorf won the title a total of four times in his illustrious career - in 1995 with Ajax , 1998 with Real Madrid and twice with AC Milan , in 2003 and 2007 . At 33 and with a club as strong as Bayern on a two-year deal under Pep Guardiola , Alonso could even attempt to match Seedorf 's total achievement . But first his side must overcome Porto , who are the only unbeaten side in the competition this year . And they will have to do it for the first leg at least with a host of stars including Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger , along with David Alaba , Medhi Benatia , Javi Martínez and Tom Starke . Alonso celebrates winning Europe 's top club prize in his first season with Liverpool in 2005 . Alonso -LRB- on the ground -RRB- scored the equaliser for 3-3 against AC Milan before Liverpool won 3-2 on penalties . Alonso celebrates after Real Madrid won the final with him suspended due to too many yellow cards . Clarence Seedorf -LRB- centre -RRB- won four Champions League with three clubs , including two with AC Milan .