Britt McHenry has marked her return to work by apologizing for her ` hurtful ' actions and has asked fans for a second chance . The disgraced ESPN reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals . The 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm . Ahead of her return to work , she tweeted : ` Back to work . Excited to be covering Caps-Isles today . Now that the suspension is over , I want to say again that I 'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions . Scroll down for video . Return : Disgraced ESPN reporter Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitols . ` Excited ' : She marked her return to work by apologizing for her ` hurtful ' actions and has asked fans for a second chance . Making amends : The post continued on a second page , she said it is never acceptable to speak to someone else in that manner . She 's back ! The 28-year-old has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk Gina Michelle -LRB- right -RRB- for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . ` My remarks were completely out of line . Under no circumstances is it ever acceptable to speak to another human being in the manner in which I chose that night . ` That 's not who I am as a person and hope those who only know me from this incident will give me a second chance to prove to you how much I value integrity , character and treating people with respect . ' She has appeared intermittently on Sports Center providing updates from Nassau Colosseum . McHenry 's car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia , where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend . When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status . But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend . Confirming the news to Sports Illustrated , senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said : ` She knows she made a mistake . She 's owned up to it . I think she is just really anxious to get back to work . ' Vantage point : She uploaded an image from her seat during the game . Vicious : ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for one week after the April 6 video surfaced . Markman insisted ` she has a lot of potential as a reporter ' , adding , ` she is young , she 's learning some things , but I really do believe in her . ' He continued : ` We had a conversation where we both talked about that it would take time and it will be hard . She knows that , and especially at the beginning . ` She realizes she will have to do her job really well and hopefully win back some of the trust of our viewers . We expect that from her , and I expect that from her . ` She did a great job for us on the NFL last year in some difficult situations and I have seen nothing that does n't make me think she will rebound from this . But she knows the first couple of assignments out of the box will not be easy . ' Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released . The verbal attack on April 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office , where clerk Gina Michelle was stood behind the counter . ` I 'm in the news , sweetheart , I will f ***** g sue this place , ' McHenry can he heard saying in the video . Michelle can be heard warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to ` play your video ' . McHenry seems unfussed , responding : ` That 's why I have a degree and you do n't - I would n't work in a scumbag place like this . Caught red-faced : Incredibly , McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . Unhappy customer : Britt McHenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras . Warning : Since Britt McHenry 's outburst , this sign has been placed on the door of the Chinese restaurant . Scene of the tirade : This is the towing yard in Arlington , VA , where McHenry 's abusive rant happened . Restaurant employees said McHenry left her car in the parking lot after happy hour then went elsewhere . ` Makes my skin crawl even being here . ' Michelle patiently replies : ` Well let 's get you out of here quickly . ' McHenry then fires back : ` Yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money ... with no education , no skill set . Just wanted to clarify that . ' After a few more comments , including telling Michelle she does n't have a brain , McHenry delivers her biggest sting . ` Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ` Cos I 'm on television and you 're in a f ***** g trailer , honey . ' Finally , before walking away , McHenry says : ` Lose some weight , baby girl . ' Although she issued an apology on Twitter , the sportscaster did not approach Michelle directly . The apology : McHenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online Thursday . Hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on Twitter as ESPN refuses to comment further . At first , McHenry tweeted insisting she had been in the right . But that post was deleted within hours . Employees at the beer hall-cum-Chinese-restaurant Hunan Number One told Daily Mail Online the sports reporter left her car in the parking lot overnight despite clear signs on the door that cars will be towed , warning bar-goers that the restaurant would not be responsible ` if your car is towed from the parking lot ' . The venue , which features ` happy hour ' from 11 am until 9 pm , was described by enthusiastic patrons as a prime ` pre-game ' spot and online reviewers as a beloved dive bar . Hunan Number One , offers sushi , hot-wings and other bar food , along with 32oz draft beers for around $ 8 , five-buck highballs and half-price bottles of wine , served up in front of big screen TVs playing sports . When the bar shuts at 2 am , the private towing company , Advanced Towing , within minutes began removing cars in concurrence with a rule on the private lot . The firm showed magnanimity , saying it did not want McHenry to suffer . In a statement Advanced Towing said : ` Parking enforcement is contentious by nature . At the same time , neither Gina , our lot clerk , nor our company , have any interest in seeing Britt McHenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments . ` Ms McHenry is our neighbor , and , as she said , to paraphrase , made remarks that were out of line . She is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment . ` Gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family . Gina holds no ill will toward Ms McHenry . ` As a small regulated business , we saw no benefit to releasing the video , except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing , public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter . ` The video was not licensed or sold to anyone . '