These are the sneering faces of some of the 39 criminals currently on the run from a notorious open prison . Among their number are two murderers , as well as drug dealers and fraudsters . Some have been awol from Ford Open Prison for as long as 10 years , according to information only now released by the Ministry of Justice . One of the escapees from the 500-inmate jail , is violent killer Robert Donovan , 57 . His disappearance only emerged last year , four years after he had walked out of the prison in Arundel , Sussex . AWOL : Murderer Robert Donovan , 57 , left , is considered so dangerous that the public have been advised not to approach him . He disappeared from Ford in 2010 , but it took the police four years to alert the public . Fellow murderer Derek Passmore , right , escaped in 2013 after being jailed for beating a disabled man to death in 1996 . Notorious : Ford Open Prison in Arundel , Sussex , was revealed to have the worst record for prison escapes . Murderer Derek Passmore , who beat to death a disabled man in 1996 , is still at large after failing to return from day release in June 2013 , despite a public appeal a month after his escape . Carer Tom Zolynski stole £ 10,000 from a pensioner he was supposed to be helping and was jailed for two years in May 2010 , but left the prison without permission later that year and has yet to be caught . Goran Durdevic was jailed for 15 months in 2005 , at age 28 , for using a so-called ` Lebanese loop ' to steal a man 's credit card at a cash machine . He left the prison without permission in February 2006 . In June last year Ford , near Arundel , was revealed to have the worst record for inmates vanishing , with a total of 89 prisoners on the run , dating back to one who had gone missing in the early 1960s . The Ministry of Justice has now responded to a Freedom of Information request and finally revealed the names of 29 missing since 2004 and outline details of a further ten . They include those who failed to return from temporary release and those who simply walked out without permission , known as ` absconds ' . Among those who failed to return after a temporary release in June 2010 is 57-year-old Robert Donovan , who was convicted of stabbing a West End theatre manager to death . Police considered him so dangerous that he should not be approached by the public , but not a single appeal was made for help catching him until June last year . Donovan , who was jailed indefinitely at the Old Bailey in December 1974 , had been in open conditions for less than a year when he absconded . Leacroft Wallace , left , vanished in 2011 , he was jailed for possessing drugs with intent and Malek Riahi , right , was sent to prison for deception offences . He has not been seen since 2006 . Abid Butt , left , was inside for possession drugs with intent and went on the run in 2006 and Ion Popescu , right , was convicted of going equipped for theft . He escaped in 2009 . John Wilson , left , was jailed for alcohol related offences and has been missing since 2010 . Jose Praga-Perdomo , right , was jailed for the importing drugs . Arben Nuredini , left , who disappeared in January was jailed for wounding with intent and Mokrane Mahdid , right , who vanished in 2006 , was jailed for false instruments . James Demorges , left , who was inside for fraud , disappeared six years ago and Alvin Harris , right , jailed for importing drugs , has been missing for 10 years . He was 17 when he and his brother Patrick , 19 , and David Baillie , 17 , robbed and killed Palladium stage manager Edwin Thornley , who was stabbed in the neck with a flick-knife on Hungerford Bridge over the Thames . All three youths admitted robbing him . Robert Donovan was convicted of murder and the other two were convicted of manslaughter and jailed for up to six years . As well as the 25 pictured , the Ministry of Justice named five more men it says are on the run but which Sussex Police , who release the pictures , said were not on its list of missing inmates . Those include fraudster Oluwasegun Adekule , who was jailed in 2007 for his key role in a gang of fraudsters who reportedly stole £ 2.4 million from clients of Halifax , HSBC and Barclays , including trying to defraud BBC journalist Rageh Omar . He was 26 at the time he absconded in September 2008 . Manuel Guio-Ruiz , left , disappeared in 2004 while serving a sentence for drug possession with intent and Tom Zolynski , right , vanished in 2010 after being jailed for theft . He was a carer who stole £ 10,000 from a pensioner he was looking after . Samuel Rutherford , left , has not been seen for nine years after disappearing while serving his sentence for Importing drugs and Marco Napolitano , right , disappeared in 2006 . He was jailed for theft . Thief Goran Durdevic , left , went awol from Ford in 2006 and drug smuggler Oyewale Owolodun , right , vanished the year earlier . Gary Robinson , left , is a drug smuggler , who disappeared eight years ago and Michael Bronson is a drug dealer , who vanished in 2009 . It was 2005 when Oweh Ogbonna , left , jailed for drug smuggling disappeared and fraudster Ismail Hasko , right , went on the run in 2010 . Burglar Steven Fortnam , left , disappeared in 2011 and drug dealer Sylvian Monjal , right , went missing six years earlier . Richard John Agar was convicted of unlawfully importing or exporting drugs in 2007 , and failed to return from temporary release in 2009 , aged 45 . It was not his first offence : he lost an appeal in 2000 against a previous conviction for amphetamine supply in Edinburgh . Drug dealer John Umego-Castano had his sentence for supplying Class A drugs cut from 15 years to 13 years in 2006 after the Court of Appeal agreed the amount of drugs involved was not enough to warrant such a harsh sentence . Yet in 2009 , aged 41 , he failed to return from temporary release , and is still at large . The other two are Sedan Asan , who was convicted of deception and absconded from the prison in 2006 , at age 28 , and Johnny Watson , who was convicted of supplying drugs and , age 39 , also walked out without permission in 2006 . Victor Lloyd Mcfarlane , escaped from Ford 10 years ago , when he was serving a sentence for supplying drug . A Ministry of Justice spokesman said : ` Prisoners who abscond , fail to return or commit crime while on release will be sent back to closed prisons . ' He added : ` Temporary release can be an important part of rehabilitating offenders but not at the cost of public protection . ' Open prisons like Ford are used for prisoners who are trusted to serve their sentences with minimal supervision and perimeter security and are not locked up in prison cells . Prisoners may be allowed to take up employment while serving their sentence and leave the site at designated times to go to their job . The men at Ford get television at 50p per week , hobbies kits and PlayStation . But although they are deemed trustworthy enough not to be locked up in a cell , in June 2014 , Ford was revealed to have the worst record for fugitive inmates , with 89 on the run . Sussex Police pledged it was ` determined to find all those still at large ' . But at the time it only released the names of those it deemed the greatest risk to the public , saying it could not justify releasing the ` personal information ' on the others . Following a Freedom of Information request made in September last year , the MoJ took around six months to respond and did not reveal the names of ten of the 39 prisoners due to ` concerns regarding police investigation and/or risk of harm to the victim ' . Glyn Travis , spokesman for the POA trade union for prison workers , today insisted it should not have to take a freedom of information battle to get the names of prisoners on the run . He said : ` The court sentences people to prison because they have lost trust in them . ` So for me , if they walk out of prison , they have broken that trust even further and the public should be made aware that . ` They should say , ` so-and-so has walked out of prison and while we do n't consider him a risk to the public , he should be brought back ' . ' The Ministry of Justice says eligibility for open prisons has now been revised as part of ` significant work ' to tighten the system . But Mr Travis said ` major problems ' contributing to prisoners running away still needed to be addressed . He added : ` There is constant overcrowding and inappropriate prisoners are being sent to open prison when they obviously pose a serious risk to the public . '