A Massachusetts man is facing charges in connection after severed human body parts were discovered inside a discarded duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Carlos Colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . He is being held on $ 1million bail . Remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning , according to police . Scroll down for video . Carlos Colina , left , faces charges of accessory after the fact to an assault , battery and improper disposal of a body . Above , he speaks during his attorney during his arraignment . Colina was arrested Sunday after severed human body parts were discovered in a duffel bag and a human head was found in his apartment building 's recycling bin . The head of victim Jonathan Camilien , 26 , of Somerville , was found in a recycling bin in Colina 's apartment building across the street , according to the police report . Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan says the death is considered a homicide , though Colina has not been charged with murder . ` We are not seeking anyone else in connection with the discovery of these human remains , ' she said Monday . A saw , rope and cleaning supplies were found in Colina 's apartment , which is located one block from the Cambridge Police Department . ` We 're confident that this was not a random act , ' Haas said . The suspect had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head , according to the Boston Globe . Colina had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head . Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide , though Colina has not been charged with murder . The relationship between the victim and suspect was not immediately known , though Camilien and Colina were known to each other . A motive was not disclosed , . Both their families were in court on Monday . According to the investigation , a neighbor reported hearing an argument coming from Colina 's apartment Friday night , while Colina and Camilien were last seen returning to the building just after 11 pm Friday . A man now identified as Colina was seen in surveillance video from nearby Biogen offices exiting the apartment building at about 4.15 a.m. Saturday carrying a duffel bag , authorities said . He returned to the apartment building empty handed . Defense attorney John Cunha Jr. called it a sensational case . ` Obviously the circumstances of the case are sensational enough , ' he said . ` I 'm not going to exacerbate it . ' He later called it ` a sad situation . ' Colina has another assault and battery case currently pending against him where the victim is not Camilien .