Forget sober black and charcoal grey . Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness and the style is now spreading to the high street . Those championing pink include Christine Lagarde , the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund , and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood , who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last Thursday . The pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to The Sunday Times newspaper . Scroll down for video . Christine Lagarde , the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund , left , in a pink Chanel suit and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood , right , chose hot pink for her live election debate last Thursday . The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived - it used to be a girly but is now considered an appropriate shade to wear to a business meeting . In an interview with the newspaper the managing director of image consultants Colour Me Beautiful , Veronique Henderson , said : ` Pink was for a long time viewed as a girlie colour . It was seen as romantic , not serious in business , but that has changed . ' Style icon Samantha Cameron is also a big fan of the colour - she chose a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail for the local and European elections last May . Meanwhile , on daytime television both Lorraine Kelly and Ruth Langsford can regularly be seen in pink dresses while presenting their ITV TV shows . Samantha Cameron opted for a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail last May . ITV presenters Lorraine Kelly -LRB- left -RRB- and Ruth Langsford -LRB- right -RRB- have both been seen wearing different shades of pink . From left : Holly Willoughby , Katherine Jenkins and actress Scarlett Johansson are among the latest celebs sporting pink . Last month Holly Willoughby was pictured arriving for a recording of the TV show Celebrity Juice in a pastel pink knee length coat , and both Katherine Jenkins and Scarlett Johansson have favoured hot pink for recent appearances - Katherine for a recording at ITV 's studios in December and Scarlett at the MTV movie awards last week . The high street is responding to the demand for pink with Topshop , Next , h & m Marks Marks & Spencer all featuring pink in their spring and summer collections . Belinda Earl , m & s creative director told the Sunday Times : ` Pink can create a powerful daytime to evening look and can be styled in multiple ways to remain feminine without being overly girlie . '