Kim Jong-Un has appeared in yet another unusual set of pictures , showing him allegedly climbing North Koreas highest mountain in nothing but an overcoat and leather shoes . The jovial dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high Mount Paektu near the Chinese border , before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like ` nuclear weapons ' . Pictures released by North Korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain 's base . Scroll down for video . Dawn raider : Kim Jong-Un watched the sun rise after allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high Mount Paektu . Cold visit : After sunrise , the North Korean leader greeted Korean People 's Army pilots at the summit . Man of the people : Kim Jong-Un can be seen at the centre of the picture , dressed in black , as he poses for a photo with the troops on the mountain . Upon arriving at the top , Kim Jong-Un greeted Korean People 's Army pilots , telling them that the alleged climb had given him mental energy ` more powerful than nuclear weapons . ' This is just the latest of the dictator 's publicity stunts published in state media , praising him for unbelievable feats , following claims last week that Kim Jong-Un could drive by the age of three . ` Climbing Mt. Paektu provides precious mental pabulum more powerful than any kind of nuclear weapon , ' the state-owned Rodong newspaper quoted Kim as saying . Mr Paektu , lying on the border with China , is considered a sacred place in Korean folklore and plays a central role in the propaganda glorifying the Kim family . He did it , honest ! Despite being dressed for nothing more exhausting than a stroll , North Korean state media claims that the dictator had climbed the mountain before sunrise yesterday . Popular leader : Kim Jong-Un visits Korean People 's Army pilots who have completed a tour of battle sites in the area of Mt Paektu . In control : The 32-year-old dictator inspects an honour guard while meeting troops at the foot of the mountain . North Korean news reported that the young ruler scaled Mt. Paektu on Saturday morning along with hundreds of fighter pilots as well as top army and party officials . Pyongyang 's state hagiography has it that Kim Jong-Il was born on the mountain -- although many historians say he was born in Russia -- and praises the family for their ` Mt. Paektu bloodline ' . State-run news service KCNA reported that the young ruler scaled Mt. Paektu on Saturday morning along with hundreds of fighter pilots as well as top army and party officials . Kim , like his predecessors , has made frequent ` field guidance trips ' to industrial plants , army bases , and sacred sites across the country in what analysts say is an attempt at forging an image as an energetic man of the people . Kim , who took over after the death of his father in 2011 , seeks seemingly impossible policy goals of improving the economy and developing the atomic arsenal simultaneously . He presided over the country 's third nuclear test in February 2013 - its most powerful to date - amid fears that it was on track to developing technology to mount an atomic warhead on a long-range missile . ` Nuclear ' : After ascending the mountain , Kim Jong-Un told soldiers that the alleged climb had given him mental energy ` more powerful than nuclear weapons ' Loved leader : Kim Jong-Un has made more of an effort than his father to be seen as a ` man of the people '