Although St Mary 's Hospital in London is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby , hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second child could be the first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years . Although St Mary 's Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery , two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital . Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace , less than two miles from the Lindo Wing at St Mary 's where Prince George was born in 2013 . But it is understood that the Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King 's Lynn , Norfolk , have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby . The 33-year-old may visit her parents in Bucklebury , Berkshire , this week -- just 12 miles from the Reading hospital . Or she could opt to stay at Anmer Hall , the royal couple 's country home in Norfolk near Queen Elizabeth Hospital . The Duchess 's private obstetricians have been warned that they could be called to either location , The Daily Telegraph reports . Princess Margaret was the last member of the Royal Family to be born outside London . She was delivered at Glamis Castle , Scotland , in 1930 . The Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry were both born at St Mary 's , while the Prince of Wales , Prince Andrew and Prince Edward were delivered at Buckingham Palace . Although the Duchess 's due date has not been officially confirmed , she told well-wishers at a charity event last month : ` I 'm due mid-April , to the end of April . ' Bookmakers have predicted that the baby will arrive on April 24 or 25 . Prince William is due to attend a wreath-laying ceremony at the Cenotaph on April 25 to mark the centenary of the First World War 's Gallipoli campaign . A royal spokesman said : ` The Duke 's intention is to be at the commemorations . Being the 100th anniversary , it is very important to him . ' It is believed the Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King 's Lynn , Norfolk , have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby . Pictured : The couple with their first born , Prince George . St Mary 's Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery and is where the Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to Prince George . Final preparations are underway at the hospital for the delivery .