A parolee who crashed into and killed a newlywed mother while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit apologized to her husband as he was sentenced to at least 20 years ' in jail . John McCallum , 27 , was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder after he broadsided Francesca Weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police following a botched burglary . The crash at an intersection in Redford , Detroit , flipped Mrs Weatherhead 's vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year . Francesca Weatherhead -LRB- pictured -RRB- was killed when parolee John McCallum collided with her vehicle while fleeing police . McCallum -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to 20 - 45 years ' in jail for the killing of Francesca Weatherhead , who had only months before married her college sweetheart Matthew -LRB- pictured together right -RRB- . Her death caused outrage when it was revealed McCallum had been paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on his latest break-in and drug possession arrest . He had first been eligible for parole in September 2013 but was held longer because authorities thought he needed to complete a violence prevention program . Yet he was released just months later , after the Michigan Department of Corrections decided he successfully passed the program . During sentencing on Tuesday , McCallum told Mrs Weatherhead 's husband he thought of what happened every day from inside his jail cell . He said : ` If I could have avoided the death of her , I would have . I would like to say I 'm sorry , ' the Detroit Free Press reported . Despite his contrition , Judge Cynthia Gray Hathaway sentenced him to 20-45 years in prison after he struck a plea deal with prosecutors in which charges of home invasion and reckless driving causing death were dropped . Mrs Weatherhead was driving to her job as a sales manager when McCallum ran a red light in his Ford Escape and struck her car . Francesca and Matthew Weatherhead pose for an engagement photo . The couple married in June but she was killed only months later . The two met at Michigan State University , where Matthew Weatherhead was going to medical school . She had married Matthew Weatherhead in June , and was putting her husband through medical school at MSU College of Osteopathic Medicine . Mrs Weatherhead graduated from Trenton High School , where she played softball and was named homecoming queen . She went on to attend Michigan State University and graduated in 2010 with a degree in business administration and marketing . Her family previously expressed their dismay at losing such a beloved family member , The News Herald reported . Her younger sister Nina Vitale said : ` Words can not express what an overwhelming feeling it is to lose someone so close to you . ` She was more than a daughter , sister , wife or friend . She was our strength and we are lost without her . ' Mr Weatherhead told the court his partner was a wonderful wife and would have been a great mother .