The FBI said Wednesday that Zulkifli bin Hir is dead . The Federal Bureau of Investigation has confirmed one of its ` most wanted terrorists ' was killed in a raid in the Philippines in January . The FBI said on Wednesday that Zulkifli bin Hir , a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group , is dead . The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir , who was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines , was $ 5million . Bin Hir was born 1966 in Muar , Johor , according to his profile at the National Counterterroism Center . It continues : ` An engineer trained in the United States , he is believed to be the head of the Kumpulun Mujahidin Malaysia terrorist organization and a member of Jemaah Islamiyah 's central command . ` Since August 2003 , he has been present in the Philippines , where he is believed to have conducted bomb-making training for the Abu Sayyaf Group . ' Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI 's website . Investigators said they had a difficult time confirming bin Hir 's death because he was killed in a gruesome raid that went awry and left 44 police commandos dead . Previously , the FBI reported that it had identified body matter at the scene that it believed belonged to Hir because of a DNA link between the matter and one of his siblings . Three years ago , the Philippine military reported bin Hir died in an air strike , but he surfaced again last year in Mindanao under protection of a Moro Islamic Liberation Front splinter group . Bin Hir no longer appeared on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI 's website as of Wednesday evening . This is the hut in Tukanipalao , Mamasapano , Maguindanao , Mindanao , Philippines , bin Hir was killed . Investigators had a difficult time confirming bin Hir 's death because he was killed in a raid -LRB- aftermath above -RRB- . David Bowdich , the assistant director in charge at the FBI Los Angeles Field office , thanked the Philippine police . He said : ` Once again , the men and women of the FBI express sincere condolences to the brave officers of the Special Action Force who lost their lives while attempting to apprehend this dangerous fugitive . ' Bin Hir , who was also known as Marwan , was also affiliated with the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters -LSB- BIFF -RSB- , CNN reported . Clarke Jones , a terrorism expert at Australian National University , said : ` He was the leader of Jemaah Islamiyah within the Philippines , the most senior figure . ` He was a key agitator in disrupting the peace accord between MILF and the Philippines government . ` This is a major blow to the militants down south . '