Feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in Japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water , and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue . Born on January 25 and almost three months old , the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of Tokyo . Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors , the cubs were encouraged by their mother , Cara , aged nine , to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space . Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs , who began playing around the water area . Then trouble struck ; one accidentally fell into the play pool . Noticing that he was in trouble , his brothers ran to the rescue . Grabbing him where they could , it took two kitties at least three attempts to finally manage to pull out their loudly complaining brother . ` We can hear it from beyond this glass wall , it must be screaming really loudly . I wonder if the parent will come to the rescue ? Ah they made it ! ' someone can be heard on the video released by the zoo . To the rescue : Feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in Japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water , and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue . Roaming around : Born on January 25 and almost three months old , the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of Tokyo . Team effort : Grabbing him where they could , it took two kitties at least three attempts to finally manage to pull out their loudly complaining brother . Spokesman Naoteru Yamaguchi told Reuters over the phone that while he could not read a tiger 's mind , he is convinced they had witnessed brotherly love . For the moment all four cubs have no names . The zoo will be accepting suggestions for the quadruplets ' names from the public in May , according to Yamaguchi . Meanwhile , the cubs , who had only been trying out their glass cage , will be permanently based there from April 22 onwards . It was their mother 's second time giving birth and brought the number of white tigers in Japan to approximately 35 . Bedraggled : The tiger cub who fell into the pond seemed a little shaken up after the event . Voting time : The zoo will be accepting suggestions for the quadruplets ' names from the public in May , according to Yamaguchi . Rare breed : In this April 16 photo , the newborn white tiger cubs look on together .