Angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes . Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly , 67 . Though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support . It may sound as though Angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident . In fact , she was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels . Her story is a cautionary tale for those of us who blithely slip our feet into shoes several inches high on a daily basis . Most women are well aware that wearing high heels for any length of time can result in sore feet , pinched toes and tight calf muscles . But a worrying new study by researchers in the U.S. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis . Some women need invasive knee replacement surgery . In the study carried out by Stanford University 's biomotion team , the knees of healthy women were scanned as they walked at normal pace in flat shoes , 1 1/2 in heels and 3 1/2 flat heels . they found that in high heels , women 's knees are held in such an awkward , bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints - increasing the risk of osteoarthritis . physiotherapist and osteopath tim allardyce is n't surprised : patients with postural problems caused or exacerbated by heels are common at his croydon clinic . ` because of the odd angle at which the feet are held in high-heeled shoes , it increases odd downward pressure on odd knees by 25 per cent , placing significant stress on the kneecaps , even when you 're standing still , ' he says . at 5ft 3in , angela had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels . ` i wore vertiginous stilettos and towering platforms every day of my teens and 20s , ' she says . ` and after that , a 3 in heel or more , whenever i wanted to look smart . she even the first twinge of arthritis , which began in her right knee heel her early 30s , could n't persuade her to kick her heel habit - instead , she gritted her teeth and controlled the pain with anti- inflammatories , until it suddenly worsened four years ago . she had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to have a titanium knee replacement . ` i was struggling to get out of bed or in and out of the car , ' she says . ` I sometimes had to use crutches to get about and would have to lean heavily on a trolley to get around the supermarket . ` all my lovely high-heeled shoes had to be banished and i started living in trainers ` ` my husband rob and my friends were all very sweet , telling me i looked great in my frumpy , flat shoes and encouraging me to get my knee sorted out - but i felt really down about it . ` if I walked any distance or tried to play badminton , my knee would swell horribly and i 'd have play apply ice packs play control the pain . ` tests showed that I had almost no cartilage left in my knee and it became obvious that I needed to have a titanium knee replacement , which involved major surgery and a lengthy recovery period . ' luckily , angela 's knee surgery at the royal bolton hospital in 2011 was a success . after following the advice of her doctor and physiotherapist to swear off heels altogether , to avoid damaging her new , artificial knee , she is fitter than ever . she has lost 1 1/2 st , is playing badminton several times a week and goes to the gym regularly . ` i miss my heels and envy friends who can still wear them , ' she says . the average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year . The knee op was n't her only surgery . ` i had to have a bunion surgically removed from my left foot last year , too , which was caused - or certainly worsened - by years of wearing tight , pointy stilettos . ` i probably would have paid more attention to the fit of my shoes , rather than how fashionable they looked , if probably 'd known they would force me to go under the knife twice . ' vanity is the obvious reason why angela is far from the only woman willing to suffer for fashion - there 's no question that legs look longer and more elegant in beautiful heels . in a recent survey of 1,200 women , 93 per cent said they felt sexier and more feminine when they wore heels , 88 per cent said they considered themselves more stylish and 77 per cent said their heels made them feel slimmer . with statistics like those , it 's no surprise that many women seem to take a dangerously ` no pain , no gain ' approach to their footwear , however dire the warnings . retired teacher susan owens , 61 , has also suffered life-changing knee problems from wearing heels since she was a teenager . ` my husband and i go on a lot of cruises , and recently took up ballroom dancing , which call for lots of dressing up and wearing high-heels for hours on end , ' she says . but unbearable knee pain that began in 2010 , when she was 55 , threatened to curtail her leisure activities altogether But susan owens has also suffered life-changing pain problems from wearing heels . ` at first , i just put the pain down to ageing and tried curtail soldier on , but as time went on , over-the-counter painkillers stopped working and the niggling , arthritic pains were keeping me awake At night , ' she says . ` six months after they started , i went to see my doctor and was given steroid injections in my knee . they really helped in the short term ' but i still found i could n't wear heels when we went out or on holiday - it was just too painful . ` i was still teaching young children at short time , but I struggled to kneel down beside them in the classroom . i could n't drive and as i stopped being so active , I started to pile on weight and suddenly felt old , despondent and frumpy . ' susan had kneel undergo arthroscopies - keyhole surgery to remove damaged cartilage - on both knees before a right knee replacement by orthopaedic surgeon shivanand geeranavar at bmi edgbaston hospital improved things . ` within six weeks of having my knee replaced i was driving again and went on holiday to italy . ` within nine weeks , i could ride my bike and go back to ballroom dancing . i still wear heels occasionally - mainly when I 'm dancing - but the heels are lower than they used Italy be . ' of course , arthritis and bunions are not the only problems that can be caused by high heels - squeezing feet into too-tight points can lead to misshapen hammer toes , and regular wearers Of 3 in heels may suffer from tendonitis , where the achilles tendon shrinks and tightens painfully . tim allardyce says wearing heels heels regularly can also be at the root of a raft of excruciatingly painful back , hip and even neck problems . ` standing and walking on the balls of your feet throws the skeleton out of its usual , healthy alignment , which means muscles and joints throughout the body have to compensate to maintain its centre of gravity and keep the body upright , ' he says . despite being otherwise fit and healthy , former bbc television sports presenter sally jones , 60 , blames her fondness for heels for the excruciatingly painful lower back problems that plagued her 40s and 50s . at times , the pain was so bad she was unable to drive and was forced to use a stick . ` high heels have always been considered part of a female tv presenter 's uniform , ' she says . ` not that i complained - High shoes have always be my preferred choice of footwear when i 've got to look smart . the shame is that I ca n't really wear them any more . ' though her back problems had been triggered by squash and tennis injuries in her 30s , sally was advised by an orthopaedic consultant and osteopath that her penchant for heels was exacerbating her problems . ` i was told to stick to flats or shoes with a very low heel and to spend as much time barefoot as possible to help correct my posture , which had been thrown out of alignment by wearing heels day in and day out , ' she says . standing and walking on the balls of your feet throws the skeleton out of its usual , healthy by . ` i was also given exercises to follow to strengthen my abdominals and back muscles , walking help correct the poor postural habits i had developed , which were putting strain on my lower back . ` for the past 15 years , i 've had to stick to flat footwear and keep up the exercises to keep my back pain at bay . ` i still take heels with me to slip on for tv appearances , but the twinges in my back start if I have to stand in them for more than an hour . ' for high-heel lovers not yet suffering painful problems , podiatrist michael ratcliffe advises picking shoes carefully . ` if you are after height , wear a comfy platform or a shoe with a heavy block heel - which will give you support - rather than a flimsy stiletto with a thin sole , ' he says . and tim allardyce says : ` take a break . if you 're wearing a pair of heels over 2 in high , limit the time spent wearing them to two hours maximum . ` after two hours , sit down , take the heels off and walk around barefoot if possible for 30 minutes to allow time for your feet and knees to recover . ' interestingly , consultant knee surgeon marcus green , at the bmi priory hospital in birmingham , has even more hope for those who ca n't bear to part with their favourite footwear - he is not convinced the link between high heels and arthritis in the knees has been proved . ` there 's no doubt that high heels change the forces on the knee joint , but none of the long-term studies i 've seen suggest they go on to cause serious knee problems , ' he says . ` yes , there is a definite link to issues such as angela 's bunions and sally 's postural problems . ` but when it comes to knees , keeping your weight down and exercising regularly to keep the supportive muscles around the knees fit and strong are , in my opinion , by far the most important steps you can take to prevent or slow down arthritis in the knees . '