The 16-year-old girl who survived a deadly axe attack that claimed the lives of three of her family , has absolutely no recollection of the horrific incident . Marli van Breda , who used to live with her family in Perth , Western Australia , was released from hospital last month after she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an attack in January . The attack took place in her family 's South African home on January 27 and Marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . Although memory loss is not uncommon after a traumatic ordeal , doctors say the former Presbyterian Ladies ' College student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother . Her extended family revealed in a statement on Sunday that , although Marli ca n't recall the brutal murders , she is able to walk and talk - and still has her sense of humour . Scroll down for video . Marli van Breda , 16 , suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family 's South African home in January but has no memory of the horrendous attack . ` That she survived the attack is a miracle and her physical recovery continues to astound those close to her , ' the family said in their statement according to a News Corp report . ` She is able to walk , communicates well and , surprisingly , given everything that has happened , has retained her sense of humour . ' ` A long road of rehabilitation lies ahead as she learns to compensate for certain neurocognitive difficulties resulting from her traumatic brain injury . ` In some cases the situation remains for life , ' her family said via their statement . Marli has been discharged from the rehabilitation care centre where she had been treated over the past few weeks for the severed jugular and brain damage . Henri van Breda -LRB- back left -RRB- escaped the attack while his father Martin , 55 -LRB- back right -RRB- , mother Teresa , 54 -LRB- front right -RRB- , and brother Rudi , 22 -LRB- back centre -RRB- were killed . Marli , 16 -LRB- front left -RRB- , suffered severe head and throat injuries . The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa , 54 , father Martin , 55 , and older brother Rudi , 22 . Marli 's other brother Henri , 20 , escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home , east of Cape Town . Family spokesman Martin Coetzee said at the time that Marli will undergo occupational and physical therapy at the rehabilitation clinic . While her health had improved , Marli was n't able to make a complete police statement regarding the attack during her stint at rehabilitation because she was n't able to talk for long periods . Chilling : An audio recording between Henri -LRB- right , pictured with brother Rudi -RRB- and emergency services after his family were hacked to death with an axe , revealed the 20-year-old appeared to giggle during the call . Marli was transferred to a rehabilitation clinic on Tuesday after spending six weeks at Vergelegen Medi-Clinic in Somerset West , just outside of Cape Town . According to reports out last month , visitors had been banned from visiting the teenager 's hospital room in a bid to keep her surviving brother away . ` They fear she might go into shock , or will be traumatised further if she sees him , ' a source told The Sunday Times newspaper . Marli has reportedly been crying when she sees photos of her parents and brother . ` It is heartbreaking to see tears rolling down her cheeks , ' a person close to the family said . It emerged in February that an audio recording of the emergency phone call made by Henri , obtained by eNews Channel Africa , seems to reveal him ` giggling ' as he explains the details of the bloody massacre . ` What kind of injuries are there ? ' a woman can be heard asking Henri , who responds : ` my family and me were attacked by a guy with an axe . ' When asked if they were unconscious , he responded , ` yes , and bleeding from the head ' , before what sounds like a faint chuckle is heard . A cleaner who worked for one of the van Breda 's neighbours saw the young man , covered in blood , using his phone outside the house shortly after the attack . Deceased : Martin -LRB- left -RRB- and wife Theresa -LRB- right -RRB- both died at their home in Stellenbosch - east of Cape Town . Rudi -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- has been remembered by friends as a keen sportsman . His younger brother Henri is currently living with his uncle . The van Breda family had just moved back to South Africa in June after six years in Perth , Western Australia . The young man 's mental health has been under scrutiny since News24 reported he had undergone brain scans at an Australian hospital in 2014 . However the results were negative and no further testing occurred . A doctor who examined the young man following the attack revealed his injuries were self-inflicted . He was also reportedly addicted to crystal methamphetamine , locally known in South Africa as tik , and his allowance was cut off before his family were attacked . Henri has been living with his uncle , Her Breda , since the attack and has been receiving counselling . His uncle denied rumours the police wanted to keep him away from a private memorial service held for his deceased family - insisting he was simply being hidden from the media 's gaze . Popular : Rudi Van Breda was popular with his friends at Trinity College and the University of Melbourne . Separated siblings : Rudi -LRB- left -RRB- was killed during the attack , while Marli -LRB- right -RRB- remains in a critical but stable condition in a South African hospital . A close family friend described the van Bredas as ` a perfect family ' ` For obvious reasons Henri is very heartbroken , and we will support him as the family , ' he was quoted in The Times . ` We as a family are here for him , we will not disappoint him ... I promised Henri I wo n't drop him . ' No one has been charged over the attack on the family and Marli has a round-the-clock police guard . The family were based in Perth and the Sunshine Coast in Australia , before returning to South Africa in mid-2014 . The van Breda family lived on the estate of the De Zalze Golf Club -LRB- pictured -RRB- about 50 km east of Cape Town . Police leaving he De Zalze housing estate in Stellenbosch , South Africa , where three members of the van Breda family were killed and two injured on January 27 . Forensics expert retrieves a flashlight from a police vehicle at the upmarket De Zalze housing estate in Stellenbosch , South Africa , where three members of the van Breda family were killed .