Campaigners against the new Protein World ` Are You Beach Body Ready ? ' adverts are celebrating today after learning that they are being taken down . Transport for London -LRB- TFL -RRB- has revealed that the controversial posters around the London Underground , featuring a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield are being removed . The sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners - a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures . One of the many Protein World posters on the London Underground that have been defaced . Several of the images have also been defaced by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like Renee are ready to go to the beach . The Advertising Standards Authority has also received more than 200 complaints from people saying that the adverts promote an unhealthy body image . But today , TFL confirmed that it was pulling the posters down , because they had come to the end of the three-week advertising period that Protein World had paid for . The company also said it had taken note of the reaction from customers to the advert and that they would bear it in mind if they received a request to put up posters of a similar nature in future . The posters are now being removed from the London Underground . A TFL spokesperson told MailOnline : ` This advertisement will begin to be removed from our network as scheduled from tomorrow . ` We have received one complaint about it and we will be guided by The Committee of Advertising Practice -LRB- CAP -RRB- and Advertising Standards Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- if a similar advert were to be submitted again . ` We have zero tolerance towards graffiti on the network and take action to prevent it and remove it . ' The removal of the posters comes as a protest organised against Protein World in Hyde Park on May 2 gathers steam - hundreds of people are expected to attend the rally in central London . The posters have caused a huge backlash on social media , with thousands of tweets directed at the campaign . One user called Catrin Stewartwrite : ` You clearly know what you 're trying to sell with that offensive , unrealistic and sexist advert . ' Another called Livy Christophers said : ` YOU do n't get to tell women what is offensive . `` Are you beach body ready '' really means `` why do n't you look like this . '' ' Online fitness store Protein World , who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved Tweeters . Online fitness store Protein World , who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved Tweeters . ` We are a nation of sympathisers for fatties , ' a spokesperson for Protein World tweeted to one user after she signed the change.org petition calling for the removal of the advert . ` Why make your insecurities our problem ? ' TV presenter Susanna Reid described the campaign for protein shakes , which features a toned swimwear-clad model alongside the slogan ` Are you beach body ready ? ' , as ` anxiety inducing ' during an interview with the fitness brand 's Head of Global Marketing on Monday morning . The Good Morning Britain presenter and her co-host Ben Shephard grilled Richard Staveley about the uproar surrounding the poster , which has attracted the wrath of many social media users . Many have been outraged that the advert appears to suggest women can not go on the beach in a bikini unless they look like the slim model in the advert . ` What if my only goal is to be on a beach ? ' , Susanna asked Richard , adding , ` Am I irrational by finding that advert a little bit anxiety inducing ? ' Weighing in on the debate : Susanna Reid revealed she found the controversial Protein World advert ` anxiety inducing ' on Good Morning Britain on Monday . Security threat : Staveley revealed police were investigating a bomb threat made to the company . The Protein World boss defended the campaign , saying : ` That may be but we are a fitness brand , our own aspirations are to make the nation healthier and ask each one of us to set our sights higher , to be fitter , to be healthier and actually have an inner and outer confidence within ourselves . ' The TV stars also addressed the company 's blunt responses to Twitter complaints , including ` why make your insecurities our problem ' and ` grow up ' . But Staveley believes the reaction is justified , saying , ` There is an irrational minority who have decided to interpret it in that way . ' Susanna , 44 , retorted : ` Do you think everybody who objects to it is irrational ? Am I an irrational extremist ? ' Defending Protein World : Richard Staveley , Head of Global Marketing , insisted the company 's advert was n't meant to offend and was targeted at health-conscious individuals looking to get fit in time for summer . The company boss revealed Protein World has received ` threats on our head office , physical and violent threats ' . He added : ` We had a bomb threat ... that 's been reported to the police . It 's currently being investigated . ' Staveley concluded his appearance on the ITV show by declaring that it had been a ` fantastic campaign ' for the brand and they wo n't changing their advertising methods in future . The Advertising Standards Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- said it has received 216 complaints about the advert and is ` carefully assessing ' the complaints to ` establish if there are grounds for further action ' . Sales of protein powder - which can be priced up to £ 45 per kilogram tub - are rocketing in the UK , growing from £ 73m in 2007 to £ 170m in 2012 . They are expected to reach £ 358m by 2017 , according to the market-analyst Euromonitor , as gym-going Brits add the stuff to post-workout smoothies and drinks in a bid to build muscle . Meanwhile , Katie Hopkins came to Protein World 's defence , tweeting : ` Chubsters , quit vandalising Protein World ads and get your arse running on the road . Feminism is n't an excuse for being fat . Eat less , move more . ' And writer Samantha Brick , who is open about feeling confident about her looks , posted a provocative update on Facebook : ` Just ordered MY size 8 yellow bikini for my beach hols in June . I WILL be bikini ready . * That * ad TOTALLY worked for me . '