Chelsea 's Eden Hazard and Arsenal 's Santi Cazorla are set to reach a Premier League milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance . Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in the summer of 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ? Here , Sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action . Eden Hazard -LRB- L -RRB- and Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearance this weekend . Lee Clayton . Cazorla has wonderful balance . So does Hazard . Cazorla scores important goals . So does Hazard . Cazorla is two-footed . So is Hazard . Cazorla dances past opponents . So does Hazard . So , while there is not a lot to choose between them and Hazard is likely to get the most picks in this article , I am going for Cazorla . It 's a personal choice . He is a wonderful footballer . I have paid to watch them both -LRB- and I will pay to watch them both again -RRB- , but the little Spanish magician edges it for me . VERDICT : CAZORLA . Cazorla , pictured in action against Burnley , has been an influential part of Arsenal 's midfield this season . Ian Ladyman . I remember when Manchester City baulked at paying Hazard 's wages when the Belgian was up for grabs in 2012 . Back then City thought the young forward had a rather high opinion of his own worth for a player who was yet to play in a major European league . In the early days of his time at Chelsea , it looked as though City may have been right . He showed flashes of brilliance but also looked rather too easy to push off the ball . Roll forward to 2015 , however , and the 24-year-old has developed in to one of the most important players in the Barclays Premier League . Brave , strong and ambitious , Hazard plays on the front foot and with only one thought in this mind . Rather like Cristiano Ronaldo , he has also developed in to the type of player ever defender hates , simply because he gets back up every time he is knocked to the ground . He would get in every team in the Premier League and is one of the reasons Chelsea will win the title this season . VERDICT : HAZARD . Hazard controls the ball under pressure from Stoke midfielder Stephen Ireland at Stamford Bridge . Dominic King . It has to be Hazard . I saw him play for Lille twice in the season before he joined Chelsea -- once against St Etienne , the other was what proved to be his final appearance against Nancy . He scored two in the first match , a hat-trick the latter and played a different game to those around him . He has n't disappointed since arriving here and I love the nonchalance with which he takes a penalty , his low centre of gravity and the way he can bamboozle defenders . If there is such a thing as £ 32million bargain , it is Hazard . VERDICT : HAZARD . Hazard celebrates after scoring a fine individual goal in Chelsea 's 3-2 win against Hull in March . Nick Harris . Now this is a tricky one because while Eden Hazard will frequently embark on a dribble or dink in a pass that will make you nod in appreciation , he 'll also miss a penalty and make you groan . Whereas the older Cazorla , less flashy but no less of a technical master , is to my mind more of a fulcrum , more important relatively to the sum of Arsenal 's parts than Hazard is to Chelsea . You 'll gasp at Hazard but Cazorla 's wow factor is richer . That 's not to dismiss either : both are brilliant footballers , contributing goals , assists and flair . Any neutral would bite your hand off to have either playing in your team . Forced to pick though , it 's Cazorla , for his consistency and crucially doing it in the biggest games . Exhibit A would be Manchester City 0 Arsenal 2 in January ; goal , assist , all-round brilliance , against a big team , at an important time . VERDICT : CAZORLA . Cazorla scores from the penalty spot in Arsena 's 2-0 away win at Manchester City in January . Riath Al-Samarrai . Eden Hazard for me . Cazorla is an utter delight , a little pinball of a man who is probably the most two-footed player I 've seen . Put him in a tight space and then you see what makes him rare among the best . But Hazard is the top player in the Premier League , in my opinion . This is the sixth of his eight seasons as a professional where he has reached double figures and yet he offers so much more than goals -LRB- 36 in 99 in the Premier League for Chelsea -RRB- . He can beat a man and , better still , you sense he likes doing it . Technically , his passing and shooting are excellent and he also has a mind capable of sussing out the shapes and systems in front of him . That intelligence , more specifically his speed of thought , is probably what makes separates the good from the brilliant . A complete player who does n't yet seem to have the complete ego . VERDICT : HAZARD . Hazard gets away from Manchester City duo Fernando -LRB- left -RRB- and Martin Demichelis at Stamford Bridge . Laurie Whitwell . Has to be Hazard for me . The way he carries the ball through ever tightening spaces and emerges the other side is a joy . Like one of those Indiana Jones impossible escapes from a sliding door or rolling boulder . And his penalties are mesmeric . I could watch them again and again not working out how he does it . VERDICT : HAZARD . Belgium international Hazard scores a header past West Ham goalkeeper Adrian at Upton Park . Sami Mokbel . Both are marvellous players , but I could watch Santi Cazorla all day . When he first arrived in England I remember , whilst sitting in the Upton Park press box , trying to work out whether he was left or right footed . He was wonderful that day as Arsenal cruised to a 3-1 win ; it was one of the most complete performances I 've seen live . In truth , I 've still got no idea whether he 's left or right footed . He 's that natural on either . Hazard is a phenomenon , but aesthetically no on can touch Cazorla in the Premier League . VERDICT : CAZORLA . Cazorla grins after scoring Arsenal 's fourth goal against Aston Villa at the Emirates in February . Jack Gaughan . From a purely artistic sense , Santi Cazorla is probably the most graceful individual on the ball in the entire Premier League . But Eden Hazard provides moments to really stick in the memory . He glides past opponents effortlessly and regularly chips in with important goals - plenty of them stunning in their execution . Worth the ticket alone . The one blot from Cazorla 's point of view is that his genius can be fleeting . VERDICT : HAZARD . Sam Cunningham . Jose Mourinho has told him to add more goals to his game to move on a par with Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo and , three years younger than the Argentine and six than the Portuguese , he is not far from doing that . I 've watched Hazard countless times at Stamford Bridge this season and he makes the game seem like an art form with his movement , dribbling and passing . Cazorla can excite at times , but he is nowhere near consistently reaching Hazard 's level . For me there is no contest between the pair . VERDICT : HAZARD . Hazard tucks home yet another penalty during Chelsea 2-1 win against Stoke City last weekend . Craig Hope . I would far rather have Hazard in my team , but I ca n't help but feel the excitement has been stripped from him under Jose Mourinho . Efficient , technically brilliant , effective and hard-working he most certainly is - and he will be crowned PFA Player of the Year - but he is no longer the daring dribbler of whom we heard so much about during his teenage years in France . He is , though , arguably a better player for Mourinho 's influence . Cazorla , meanwhile , would never thrive under Mourinho , there is too much of Juan Mata about him . But there is no doubt he is thrilling to watch on his day - it 's just a shame those days are n't as frequent as they should be for a player of his calibre . VERDICT : HAZARD . RESULT : HAZARD 7-3 CAZORLA . Hazard has been voted as a more exciting player than Cazorla in Sportsmail 's survey .