Wayne Rooney believes Manchester United team-mate Marouane Fellaini has gone from Old Trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in Europe . Fellaini was one of the stars of United 's Manchester derby demolition of neighbours City on Sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager Louis van Gaal . Now Rooney has revealed his admiration for the former Everton forward , saying : ` He is getting used in the right way . He is a handful for defenders to mark . Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes in recent week at Manchester United . ` We like to play out from the back and if teams are pressing us then we have him as an option . ` He is probably the best in world football at bringing the ball down and getting us out of that pressure and further up the pitch . He is being used in the right way by the manager and he is repaying the manager with goals and good performances . ' Fellaini was signed from Everton by Van Gaal 's predecessor David Moyes in the summer of 2013 but endured a terrible first season as he suffered with injuries and tried and failed to establish himself as a holding midfield player . Wayne Rooney hailed his Belgian team-mate as one of the best in world football at the moment . Fellaini has proved a handful for defences and was instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool . Now the Belgian has emerged as a potent attacking weapon under Van Gaal , used as a second striker behind Rooney . On Sunday , City could n't cope with him just as Liverpool had suffered at his hands at Anfield three weeks earlier . ` Last year was awful for him but in fairness he kept his head down worked hard and come through that tough period , ' reflected Rooney . ` He is showing now what he did at Everton and why Manchester United bought him . ` He is a quality player . He is a different option for us . It is starting to show on the pitch . ` It was tough for him but he had the whole team 's support . We knew he was working hard and it was n't just him struggling last season a lot of us were . ` He was the one who took most of the blame for it . It was hard for him . Thankfully the manager has shown faith in him . ` He is big and he is strong and always a goal threat which he is showing now . He is awkward to mark . It is great for him and we hope it continues . ' Fellaini wheels away after heading in at the far post to beat Joe Hart and give United the lead in the derby . United are now in third place in the Barclays Premier League after six league wins in a row . This weekend they travel to Chelsea with renewed hope . ` We said earlier on in the season that we were working on things and it was going to take time , ' added Rooney . ` It is starting to show now , the training we have been putting in . ` We have been working really hard . ` Each game is different and we have been training for each game in a different way depending on how the opposition plays . There is no detail left unturned . We have been prepared really well . ' ` We are confident going to Chelsea . ` We are in a good run of form and have beaten some good teams . It is a big test for us at Chelsea . Louis van Gaal suggested that Fellaini is almost undroppable at the moment and hailed his rebirth . ` They are top of the league and it is always tough at Stamford Bridge . They are in a very commanding position . We just have to try and win our games and finish as high as we can . ` We are still a work in progress . We are still learning . It is great how things are going and the performances we are putting in but it is has to continue . ` There is more space in the bigger games out those kinds of teams like to attack . We felt against City we could capitalise on it . We have found it tougher when teams have sat back and defended . '