Brendan Rodgers has criticised Raheem Sterling 's advisor , suggesting that the player is being manipulated by outside forces and that he would be inclined to stay at Liverpool if left to make a decision alone . With Liverpool losing 4-1 at Arsenal on Saturday and seeing their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League next season effectively ending , Rodgers made veiled criticisms of the player 's agent , Aidy Ward , after the televised interview Sterling gave last week , in which he admitted he was flattered by Arsenal 's interest in him . Rodgers also revealed that he has sat down with Sterling since that TV interview and to tell him that his best interest would be served by staying at the club for now , even though there may come a time when he does leave . Raheem Sterling goes past Mathieu Flamini during the Barclays Premier League match at the Emirates . Sterling has reject a contract extension worth £ 100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season , but Rodgers said : ` I 've had a good chat with him . I have given him my opinion on it . This is a young kid who has been advised to do something else . A 20-year-old boy does not pick up the phone to ask to speak to the BBC . ` You do n't do that ; him in particular . He just wants to play his football . But of course if he 's asked to do that by other parties then that 's what he 'll do . ` In the modern game it is obviously something that frustrates us all but it is the market and where football is at . In fairness to Raheem , I brought him in from the youth team and the reserves and I know that a big part of this is actually nothing to do with him . ' Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £ 100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal . ` In my time in coaching there are a lot of very , very good agents . The only thing I would say on Raheem 's situation is that anyone can see that for his football development and financially , Liverpool Football Club is the best place for him . There is absolutely no question of that . ` I think he enjoys being at Liverpool and loves playing for Liverpool and knows he is privileged to play in front of Liverpool supporters . As a kid he knows the opportunity is there for him to improve as a footballer . What that will be in five , six , seven years time is different . But for this moment of his career and life , he really enjoys it . He has said that himself . He has talked very openly about loving his football and playing for a great club like Liverpool . ' Sterling said he was flattered by Arsenal 's interest in signing him should he leave Liverpool this summer . Sterling grapples with Arsenal defender Hector Bellerin during Liverpool 's defeat to the Gunners . Rodgers admits that the task may have become more difficult now that Liverpool 's hunt for a top four spot seems to have come to an end but remains confident that he can persuade the player to extend his deal . ` As long as the player can see the ambition of the club . We all know the reality of where the game is at in this country . There are bigger spenders than ourselves and more experienced squads -- the model at Liverpool is different . ` Of course players will want to look at possibilities when that time comes . But when you talk specifically about Raheem -- because he 's got huge potential but there 's still a bit to go - then I think Liverpool is the best place for him . Sterling competes with Laurent Koscielny during a defeat which all-but ends Liverpool 's top four chances . ` He has had the opportunity to play , which is key for a young player . It is the model of Liverpool , which the owners have put in , where they want to create the world class talent . He has just turned 20 . There is still a long way for him to go and he has a lot of potential . I believe that will be developed over the next coming years at Liverpool . ` It is the job of his advisors to look at the possibilities might be beyond that . But he has two and a half years left and wo n't be going anywhere in the summer -- that 's for sure . And we 'll sit down again with the club and his representatives to hopefully find the solution in the summer . ' Sterling is taken to ground by Arsenal 's German defender Per Mertesacker during the game in north London . Rodgers went out of his way to play the player , who missed an easy first half opportunity to put Liverpool ahead but who was their most consistent threat and won them the penalty they scored . Rodgers said : ` There was no change in him . I thought he was excellent today , our best player . He was aggressive in his running , pressed the ball well , he won the penalty . He was very direct and strong . ` This is a kid that is really focused on his football . There 's no change and he works hard every single day . And you see from today , he just wants to play his football . The kid for me gives me everything the way he trains and plays . '