While most people are used to hiding chocolate eggs and enjoying dinner with family and friends , Easter celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance . In southern Germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback , while in Slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations . A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return . Scroll down for video . In southern Germany , hundreds of horse riders and spectators braved the snow for their traditional Easter Monday procession . Local residents of Traustein , dressed in historical costumes , ride through the snow to get blessing for men and beast . The Easter horseback parade , known as the Georgiritt , is held in Traustein , Germany and dates back to the 18th century . Also part of the celebration in south-east Germany is a sabre dance , which symbolises the victory of spring over winter . Held in Traustein , Germany , the Easter horseback parade , known as the Georgiritt , dates back to the 18th century . Despite today 's heavy snow , the Bavarian riders , clad in traditional costume , and some 400 horses , took off toward a church in nearby Ettendorf to receive blessings . Along with the procession , the town in Germany 's south-eastern region also stages a sabre dance each year that is meant to symbolise the victory of spring over winter . Meanwhile in Male Trakany , Slovakia , more than 550 miles from Traustein , men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women . In Male Trakany , Slovakia , men throw buckets of water on women as part of the Easter weekend celebrations . Known as Śmigus-dyngus , meaning Wet Monday , the celebration is held in several other Central European countries , such as Poland . In the village of Cicarovce , men and boys take great delight in pouring water over the local women , clad in traditional clothing , as part of the weekend 's celebrations . Other rituals are often included in the celebration , such as reciting verses and holding door-to-door processions . In some communities , the boys dress up as bears . Known as Śmigus-dyngus , meaning Wet Monday , the celebration is held in several Central European countries , such as Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary . This unusual tradition is almost on the brink of extinction , with only a few villages in Slovakia still celebrating Easter this way . In Nyiregyhaza , Hungary , a similar tradition occurs , with young men dressed in folk dress sprinkling water on the village 's local women . In Hungary , the ritual is known as Vízbeveto , or Water Plunge Monday , and women present the men with coloured eggs in exchange . In Nyiregyhaza - about 140 miles from Budapest - the tradition takes place while members of the Nyirseg Dance Group perform . Unfortunately , the beautiful , yet strange tradition , which may date back to pagan times , is almost on the brink of extinction in Slovakia , with only a few small villages still taking part . In Nyiregyhaza , Hungary - about 140 miles north-east of Budapest - young men dressed in folk costumers pour water from buckets on young women while members of the Nyirseg Dance Group perform . The ritual is known as Vízbeveto , or Water Plunge Monday , where boys throw water over girls and spank them with pussy willow branches on Easter Monday , and then the girls return the favour on Easter Tuesday . However , the several hundred years ' old tradition of the Hungarian villages has evolved and now often sees young men sprinkle water on the women , who , in exchange , present the men with brightly coloured eggs on Easter Monday .