An armed robber who held up a shop with a knife was caught because his own former mother-in-law was working behind the till . Kyle Iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown , the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter . He attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice , but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away . Scroll down for video . Caught : Robber Kyle Iveson , left , was apprehended by his own mother-in-law Karen Brown , right . CCTV images show Iveson , 24 , taking a 12in knife into the Thorougoods shop in Clitheroe , Lancashire and threatening Mrs Brown , 54 . He escaped with £ 650 , but was quickly arrested and has now pleaded guilty to robbery and being in possession of a bladed article . Speaking after Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court , Mrs Brown said : ` He was shouting and swearing and straight away I knew it was him . ` He was one of those people who has a certain type of walk and although he had a scarf around his face and his hood up , I recognised him a mile off . ` I think it was half personal and half to line his pockets - but he 's stupid and he thought I would n't know it was him . ' Terror : Iveson was brandishing a 12in knife when he burst into the convenience store . Threat : The robber demanded money from Mrs Brown while trying to hide his identity . The court heard that Mrs Brown had known Iveson for several years , after he had a year-long relationship with her daughter and the couple had a child together . Prosecutor Neil Basarya said : ` She was in a state of panic and attempted to open the till.The till was opened and a large amount of notes were taken by Iveson . ` At one point he dropped some to the floor and collected them before exiting the shop , still holding the knife up . ' In a victim impact statement read out to the court , Mrs Brown described Iveson as extremely aggressive and said the robbery had made her feel vulnerable whenever a customer entered the shop wearing a hood . ` All I want is my life back how it was and then I hope I can return to a normal and happy life , ' she said . Defending Iveson , Adam Lodge said he was addicted to heroin and had committed the robbery to fund his habit . Mr Lodge said : ` There is some degree of remorse and he does mention that this incident would have been petrifying for her , but mentions she was not the specific target . ' Theft : He pulled out £ 650 in cash from the till but was arrested by police shortly afterwards . Target : The robbery took place at the Thorougoods convenience store in Clitheroe , Lancashire . Judge Jonathan Gibson told Iveson : ` You had a long kitchen knife and you used that knife to point towards the lady who was serving in the shop . ` Not surprisingly , the offence has had a very significant impact on her . ' As well as three years in prison , Iveson is subject to a restraining order which bans him from contacting Mrs Brown in any way . Reliving the moment that Iveson threatened her , Mrs Brown said : ` He just came at it with me , he was holding it in the air . He came round the side of the counter and he had the knife at the side of me . ` He was trying to get the till open and he kept saying `` You 'd better get that till open now '' , and calling me a b **** . ` I was determined not to let him know it was me , I just kept saying , `` Calm down , calm down . '' ' After the sentencing , the victim said that Iveson 's jail term was ` not long enough ' , adding : ` It was terrifying for me and it has ruined my life . It 's no comfort at all knowing he will be out again in no time . ` I wish I could say he will change but I know he wo n't . He picked the shop because he knew I would be working , he knew my shift patterns . ` He came in 15 minutes after I 'd started my shift that night , and it made it worse for me knowing who it was because I did n't think he would stop at anything . ` My daughter 's relationship with him was a mistake and we try not to have anything to do with him . I have my granddaughter out of it and I would n't change her for the world , but otherwise I wish he did n't exist . ` He used to take great pleasure in grinning and taunting us when he saw us but we tried to ignore him and not let him get to us . I 'm not surprised he did something like this . '