A chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media , showing a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in Syria . All of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State . Standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles . Scroll down for video : . The female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit . Some of the women appear to struggle with the the cumbersome weapons . The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans , praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad . The women appear to struggle with the weight of their machine guns and make a number of basic rifle mistakes . One of the women is filmed hurriedly running up to a mound of sandbags , her burqa blowing heavily in the strong breeze . With the magazine of the machine gun incorrectly resting unevenly on a pile of old sandbags , the female jihadi fires off five rounds before being ushered away to allow another woman to practice . Many of the women also seem surprised by the powerful recoil of the rifle , taking just a couple of shots before returning to the group . Standing awkwardly in a group , many of the women appear to carelessly place the rifle butt on the ground whilst others appear to be leaning on their weapons . All of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is believed several of the women could be British nationals . Many of the women can be seen menacingly waving their machine guns in the air whilst they walk slowly to their parade ground . The video opens with the band of female jihadi marching along a sloped road in the Syrian countryside . Charlie Winter , a researcher at counter-terrorism think-tank the Quilliam Foundation , identified the location of the video , believed to have been filmed at the St Simeon 's Church , around 60 km from the Syrian city of Aleppo . Many of the women can be seen menacingly waving their machine guns in the air whilst a few of the women simply point their fingers towards the sky . A couple of the women can be seen carrying their hand bags on their shoulder as they carefully navigate the uneven road . Most of the women appear to be wearing white sports shoes or unflattering sandals and shoes . Standing to attention , the unit of female jihadis sloppily hold their rifles by their sides , awaiting the commands of their self-appointed officer . Many of the women seem surprised by the powerful recoil of the rifle , taking just a couple of shots before returning to the group . The training group are filmed from different angles , including close up shots of the female fighters . Formed up in an informal parade square , the group stand to attention , lazily holding their guns down by their side . One of the women , who seems to be the enthusiastic leader of the group stands at the front , leading the loud call and response chants in Arabic . They boisterously shot religious slogans , praising the Islamic State and re-iterating their devotion to jihad . According to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation -LRB- ICSR -RRB- at King 's College London , a group of at least 30 female British female nationals have been identified as being based in northern Syria . The once popular pilgrim site of the Church of St Simeon can be seen clearly in the background , its hallowed land now being used as the parade ground of Islamic State . Whilst one of the female jihadis gives a hate filled interview , some of the other fighters appear disinterested and can be seen chatting in the background . The once popular pilgrim site of the Church of St Simeon can be seen clearly in the background , its hallowed land now being used as the parade ground for extremists . Whilst one of the female jihadis gives a hate filled interview to the camera , the remainder of the disorderly band of fighters can be seen chatting in the background . After more chanting and the leader shakily firing off a few out of control rounds of her machine gun , individual jihadis are given a chance to show off their amateur shooting skills . One of the women hurriedly runs up to a mound of sandbags , her burqa blowing heavily in the strong Syrian breeze . Many of the women seem surprised by the powerful recoil of the rifle , taking just a couple of shots before returning to the group . With the magazine of the machine gun incorrectly resting unevenly on a pile of old sandbags , the female jihadi fires off five rounds before being ushered away to allow another woman to practice . Some of the fighters appear disinterested in the parading , seemingly showing more interest in gazing at the beautiful Syrian countryside . According to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation -LRB- ICSR -RRB- at King 's College London , a group of at least 30 female British female nationals have been identified as being based in northern Syria . Most the British female jihadis live in the Syrian town of Manbij in Aleppo province or the IS de-facto capital city of Raqqa .