The principal of a private boys school in Sydney has sent an email to parents and former students to inform them of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years . Newington College in Stanmore in Sydney 's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations . Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case , Fairfax Media reports . Newington College in Sydney 's inner west notified parents and students of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case . He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward . Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case . ` I regret to inform you that a matter is to come before the courts involving alleged offences at Newington from more than 35 years ago , ' Dr Mulford wrote . ` The sad cases about child sexual abuse and the poor institutional responses at the time have received considerable press coverage , '' the headmaster added . Dr Mulford , who has been been headmaster since 2009 , spoke of the royal commission set up to look at institutional failures and child sex abuse but made it clear the school had not been called to give evidence . ` Sadly , many institutions with a long history , including Newington , have past incidents that require investigation and effective follow up , ' he wrote . ` The commission 's activities will no doubt , and justifiably , encourage those abused to come forward if they have n't already done so . ' ` All of us have been appalled at the revelations coming from the Royal Commission sessions across the country . We feel deeply for the victims of such abuse . ' He said Newington College would fully co-operate with police over the allegations . St Ignatius ' College Riverview , located on Sydney 's north shore , has been responsible for the education of several high profile Australians including Prime Minister Tony Abbott . The principal of St Ignatius ' College Riverview , Paul Hine , sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them that a former student had made allegations of ` child sexual abuse over 30 years ago ' . It comes after the principal of St Ignatius ' College Riverview , Paul Hine , sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them a former student had made allegations of ` child sexual abuse over 30 years ago ' The prestigious school , located on Sydney 's North Shore , has been responsible for the education of several high profile Australians including Prime Minister Tony Abbott , Minister for Agriculture Barnaby Joyce and the Archbishop of Sydney Anthony Fisher . The letter , penned by Principal Paul Hine , gave no details of the allegations except that it concerned child sexual abuse and that it happened more than 30 years ago . It 's not the first time abuse allegations have surfaced at St Ignatius ' College Riverview . Previously , it was alleged that former teacher and pupil Peter Bohrsmann had sexually abused a student during his time at Riverview . The 57-year-old categorically denied the allegations , which were made to police anonymously , before taking his own life two days later on school grounds . Police have made no links between the current allegations and any past complaints . Meanwhile , Knox Grammar was recently in the spotlight at the child abuse royal commission , which heard evidence about sexual abuse at the school during in the 1970s and '80s . Hearings will resume on Tuesday . The prestigious school , located on Sydney 's north shore , has been responsible for the education of several high profile Australians including Prime Minister Tony Abbott .