Horrifying images of a baby elephant tied to a pole and forced to perform tricks has sparked a push to have it freed , just weeks after one of the endangered animals was ridden by drunken tourists around a swimming pool . The campaign was kicked off by Jaime Singleton , who saw the baby elephant , Nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year . The change.org petition , titled ` Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves ! ' , has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . The target is 75,000 . Scroll down for video . Baby elephant , Nadia , seen in a picture posted to Marina Phuket Resort 's Facebook page , is a ` mascot ' for the resort and is forced to do tricks for guests . Ms Singleton said Nadia is also used by another company in Thailand in weddings . Another holiday resort in Thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding an elephant around its swimming pool . ` It 's absolutely barbaric , ' Ms Singleton told Daily Mail Australia . ` They use bull-hooks and chains on the animals , and handlers sneakily have nails in their hands they hit the elephants with to make they move around the resorts . It 's terrifying . ' Ms Singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts do n't own the elephants themselves , and they instead rely on private contractors who ` rent ' the animals out to different places . The elephants are bought at a very young age by these groups , so that they can be ` trained ' for the job and are often forced to live in appalling conditions . The elephants are also put through a breaking in process called ` Phajaan ' that uses cruel behaviour and negative reinforcement to break its spirit . Jaime Singleton launched the online campaign after she saw Nadia tied up outside a restaurant -LRB- pictured -RRB- at the resort . Elephants are forced to pose for pictures and be ridden by guests at the resort , and others across Thailand . ` They use bull-hooks and chains on the animals , and handlers sneakily have nails in their hands they hit the elephants with to make they move around the resorts . It 's terrifying ' Nikki Beach Resort in Phuket published the picture along with a caption that stated it was ` amazing Sunday brunch ' Ms Singleton said Nadia is rumoured to be kept in a tiny enclosure , and does not have any interaction with other elephants . She also said a elephant sanctuary has committed to taking Nadia in if she was released , which would allow the elephant to ` live the life she deserves , surrounded by other elephants , and in the care of those who will love and cherish her . ' Ms Singleton said she had repeatedly tried to contact the resort since earlier this year , but she it had not replied to any of her calls or emails . Ms Singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts do n't own the elephants themselves , and they instead rely on private contractors who ` rent ' the animals out . World Animal Protection 's Dr Jan Schmidt-Burbach said this sort of behaviour is a ` far cry from their natural lives in the wild ' . ` When you look behind the scenes , holiday snaps like these support an industry that relies on animal cruelty , ' Dr Schmidt-Burbach said . Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals , and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour . ` This sordid side of tourism is conveniently hidden from public view . ' Earlier this year , TripAdvisor posted a blog criticising Beyoncé after the superstar was snapped riding an elephant while on vacation . ` Hi @Beyonce ! We do n't want to ruin your vacay , but elephant rides are not fun for elephants , ' the company tweeted . ` Hi @Beyonce ! We do n't want to ruin your vacay , but elephant rides are not fun for elephants , ' TripAdvisor tweeted . ` People often think that an elephant in captivity is domesticated , and so somehow it 's OK to have them under human command , ' the company wrote . ` But the reality is that -LSB- elephants -RSB- never have been domesticated like dogs or horses . Even if born in captivity , they are still a wild animal , and need to be `` broken '' to accept human control . ` There is much evidence that this process is exceptionally cruel . ' World Animal Protection 's Dr Jan Schmidt-Burbach said this sort of behaviour is a ` far cry from their natural lives in the wild ' ` When you look behind the scenes , holiday snaps like these support an industry that relies on animal cruelty , ' Dr Schmidt-Burbach said . One sanctuary in the area has said it would be willing to take Nadia in , if it 's owners freed her . The petition comes after another resort in the island holiday haven was criticised last month for allowing tourists to party with a baby elephant . A holiday resort in Thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding a baby elephant around its swimming pool . The picture , which drew widespread criticism immediately after it was posted , was accompanied by a caption that stated it was ` amazing Sunday brunch ' . The resort is located about 30 minutes away from the tourist hot-spot of Patong . Nikki Beach Resort in Phuket was flooded with complaints over the photo , reports The Daily Telegraph . People were enraged such a young elephant had been brought onto the property so that guests could ride it for fun , and that guests were more than willing to take part . The resort quickly deleted the photo , and released a statement to address the controversy . ` We would like to make it clear that we do not , have not and will never own an elephant , ' the statement read . ` The elephant in the photo is from a reputable elephant caretaker who has no affiliation with Nikki Beach . ` We would like to make it clear that we do not , have not and will never own an elephant , ' a statement from the resort read . ` Elephants are a highly respected and regarded symbol of Thailand . As a global company , Nikki Beach respects every country 's culture and traditions and as such , we fall into the normal behaviors in usage of elephants to represent their culture . ` We never intended to be disrespectful . ' The statement did little to calm the stampeding herd of online protesters , and the anger spilled onto the resort 's TripAdvisor page . However , TripAdvisor deleted negative reviews based on the elephant incident . To sign the petition to have Nadia released , click here .