This is the extraordinary moment a brave hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions and managed to send them on their way after charging towards them . These incredible pictures show the hungry three-year-old big cats attempting to hunt the much larger hippo in the depths of Zimbabwe 's Hwange National Park . At first , as the lions approach the large mammal , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water . However , as the lions continue to prowl , the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators , successfully scaring them off before retreating to its territory . Scroll down for video . The brave hippopotamus could be seen standing its ground against the young lions in the depths of Zimbabwe 's Hwange National Park . The hippo attempted to scare off the three-year-old lions as they tried to attack the mammal at the nature reserve in the west of Zimbabwe . The large hippo waits until the lions appear to back down before attempting to turn around and retreat towards some nearby water . The hippopotamus makes its way into some muddy water while the lions look on , but the dramatic altercation is far from over yet . The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp , who has been studying the activities and behaviour of lions in the Zimbabwean reserve for years . The 37-year-old said : ` The two male lions in the photos are just three-years-old and left their pride a few days before these shots were taken . ` As far as we can tell they have not eaten anything since they left and this incident was probably their first try at self-catering . ` The lions attempted to catch the large calf , but the hippo quickly ran to the safety of the water . ` As the lions walked away the cocky hippo showed them who is boss and charged right back at the two cats causing them to scatter . ' As the lions continue to taunt the hippo , the large mammal turns around and charges out of the water towards the two young lions . The stand-off was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp , who has been studying the behaviour of lions in the area for years . The three-year-old lions , who may be trying to land their first catch , finally back away from the hippo as it continues to charge at them . The hippo retreats to others of its kind as the lions finally leave the pack alone and instead simply look on from afar . Mr Stapelkamp said the lions will become more adept at hunting prey as they mature , adding : ` They will learn that they are probably better off eating warthogs ' Mr Stapelkamp explained that as the pair of lions mature they will become more adept at hunting prey . He said : ` As brothers these two will no doubt stick together in their dispersal and form a coalition which has a better chance of securing territory . ` They will soon learn that rather than catching large prey like this hippo calf , they are probably better off eating warthogs and young giraffe first . ` The hippo was actually not scared at all , no doubt secure in the knowledge that mum was just meters away ready to help out . '