Ben Thurlow , who has been spared jail after drunkenly attacking a female paramedic who tried to treat him after he sustained a head injury in a fight . A jilted lover who drunkenly assaulted a female paramedic as she tried a treat a head injury that he sustained has been spared jail . Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in Driffield , East Yorkshire . The 23-year-old , who was suffering from a suspected concussion , shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated . Emergency crews even called called Thurlow 's friends and family in an attempt to calm him down . Police were then called and two officers were forced to escort Thurlow in the ambulance while he was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary . But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over . At Beverley Magistrates Court , Thurlow of Druffield who had pleaded guilty to common assault , was given a four month sentence , suspended for 12 months . At a previous hearing , the court heard how Thurlow has been drinking heavily in pubs in Driffield town centre after splitting up with his girlfriend . He had planned to propose to her before discovering she had been unfaithful , the court was told . Colette Dixon , prosecuting , told the court : ` When paramedics arrived it was 50 minutes before they had some sort of control over the defendant . ' She added that he has caused ` suffering and obvious pain ' to Ms Hudson . In a victim statement read out to the court , the paramedic said : ` NHS staff should be able to provide care in a safe environment , free from violence and physical assault . Since the incident , I have been off work sick for weeks . I returned to light duties , but found these too painful and went off sick again . ` I have always been very active with my children , so it has affected my family life an I have found these things difficult . ' Rachael Davis , mitigating , said that Thurlow had written a letter of apology to Ms Hudson , expressing remorse at his actions . She said : ` This lady did receive a number of injuries . That is absolutely clear . ` The defendant at the time was in a state of emotional stress as well as being the victim of a very nasty assault and had a nasty head injury as a result . Thurlow had been drinking in pubs in Driffield town centre , pictured , when he was attacked and need treatment for a head injury . ` He was suffering from concussion and did n't know what was going on . It is completely clear he was not in control of his actions . ` When the evidence was put to him he fully accepted what he has done . ` There was a lack of pre-meditation with this case and a demonstration of remorse that goes above and beyond the normal course . ` He has found himself in a situation that he never wants to find himself in again . ` Because of the state he was in he was n't able to accept the help of his family and friends . ' But sentencing Thurlow , Anne Farnsworth , chair of the bench , said : ` We have considered the case and found you assaulted a paramedic over a long period of time due to drink . ` You have caused her to miss a great deal of work as a result . ` We accept you are very remorseful however we are very much of the view this incident meets the threshold of a custodial sentence . ' Paramedics were forced to call police , who had to escort Thurlow in the ambulance which took him to Hull Royal Infirmary , pictured . He was also ordered to pay £ 1,750 in compensation as well as pay £ 85 in court costs and an £ 80 victim surcharge . A spokesperson for Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust said : ` Ambulance service staff do a difficult job , often in challenging circumstances . ` Physical and verbal attacks on any member of NHS staff are completely unacceptable and we are doing everything we can to prevent them . ` The safety of staff is of paramount importance to Yorkshire Ambulance Service and we operate a zero tolerance policy ; action will be taken against those who are violent or aggressive towards our staff . ` Staff are never knowingly sent into dangerous or violent situations , and operate with close support from the police . Every precaution is taken to protect the safety of staff - this includes conflict resolution training . '