Islamic State militants have imposed a new law threatening to jail any man caught wearing skinny jeans or having music on their mobile phones in an apparent crackdown on hipsters . The terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa . Violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ` Islamic course ' , it was reported by anti-ISIS informants in the city . At the end of their prison term , they will be forced to take a test , with those who pass being released immediately . Those who do n't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass . Outlawed : Militants fighting for the Islamic State -LRB- left -RRB- have threatened to jail anyone caught wearing skinny jeans -LRB- like the ones pictured , right -RRB- in its latest draconian crackdown in the Syrian stronghold of Raqqa . The introduction of the new laws were revealed by the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently -LRB- RBSS -RRB- who risk their lives leaking information from inside the city . RBSS says the sanctions are ` volatile and changeable ' but notes that they are becoming increasingly more stringent . One resident , named only as Jassem , told the group how dozens of people had fled the city in the wake of the jihadi network 's brutal enforcement of its twisted form of sharia law . He said : ` ISIS tightens penalties and uses the principle of intimidation in dealing with public , which led to the migration and escape of many people . ` Freedom of expression has become a crime , so you can not oppose a decision issued by the group . ` Otherwise you will be arrested on charges of violation of God 's law as its fighters claim , but they are far from this law . ` There is no difference between ISIS and Assad 's regime : bribery and favoritism are widespread within the group and play a major role , especially among the local members of the group . ' Up in smoke : Photographs taken in the northern town of Barqah , close to the border with Turkey , show members of ISIS ' feared religious police force setting light to vast piles of cigarettes in a field . Shocking : The cigarette burning images emerged as it was revealed ISIS has erected shocking anti-smoking posters throughout its self-declared caliphate featuring images of burning human lungs . Earlier this month , ISIS militants carried out a second mass cigarette burning as the terror group stepped up its anti-smoking campaign . Photographs taken in the northern town of Barqah , close to the border with Turkey , show members of the group 's feared religious police force setting light to vast piles of cigarettes in a field . The images emerged as it was revealed ISIS has erected shocking anti-smoking posters throughout its self-declared caliphate featuring images of burning human lungs , in the hope it will convince militants to reject the ` slow suicide ' caused by cigarettes . Images also emerged earlier this week showing dozens of black balaclava-wearing extremists graduating from an Islamic State-run school of terror in Raqqa . School of terror : A senior militant is seen giving the jihadi graduates a final lecture before they are sent off to wage jihad in the various provinces - known as wilayats - under the control of the Islamic State . Militants : Brandishing AK47 assault rifles and waving flags carrying the sinister black and white ISIS logo , the photographs showing the jihadi ` Class of 2015 ' are believed to have been taken in Raqqa city . Brandishing AK47 assault rifles and waving flags carrying the sinister black and white ISIS logo , the photographs showing the jihadi ` Class of 2015 ' are believed to have been taken in Raqqa city . Although the are dressed in head-to-toe black and wear balaclavas that cover most of their faces , it is clear that the majority of the graduates are teenagers who have been brainwashed into thinking they are holy warriors , when the reality is they will be little more than cannon fodder . The images are believed to have been taken somewhere in the city of Raqqa - the eponymous capital of the province and a stronghold of the terrorists ' self-declared caliphate , which covers vast swathes of land in northern Syria and western Iraq . The photographs show dozens of militants sitting on seats in what appears to be a school hall , while chilling black and banners carrying the ISIS logo are seen been waved . A senior militant is seen giving the jihadi graduates a final lecture before they are sent off to wage jihad in the various provinces - known as wilayats - under the control of the Islamic State . Having been given a final speech by their commanders , the fighters are seen waving ISIS flags in celebration before taking part in what appears to be a passing out parade . In a courtyard outside the school the newly-graduated fighters march in highly choreographed formations , still brandishing assault rifles and with their faces still covered by black balaclavas .