The man who threw a banana peel at Dave Chappelle on Monday night denies he is racist , claiming it was ` just a joke ' . Defending his actions , Christian Englander added that he threw another at a second black man just two days later - insisting that was also a joke . ` I 'm sorry that my joke was misconstrued as a racial attack on Dave Chappelle , ' the 30-year-old artist told The Albuquerque Journal . The second , he threw because the ` irony of this situation is too much to pass up ' . Englander was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during Chapelle 's show in New Mexico . On Thursday , he claims to have hurled another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar . Scroll down for video . Struck again : Christian Englander , 30 , has thrown a banana peel at a black man for the second time in one week . He was arrested on Monday for hurling one at Dave Chappelle . On Thursday he struck again at a bar . Not amused : Santa Fe police say a man tossed a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in New Mexico Monday , hitting in the comedian in the leg . Here Chappelle performs last summer . Chappelle was performing a comedy routine at the Lensic theater in Santa Fe when a banana peel struck him . According to Englander , his first attack came after Chappelle mocked his friend 's name ` Johnny Appleseed ' . Police said the 30-year-old , from Santa Fe , appeared to be drunk as he sat near the stage . According to TMZ , Englander thought Chappelle 's quips were racist , so he decided to throw the peel , which he had in his pocket . He had allegedly eaten the banana at a convenience store before the show , and washed it down with a shot of the alcoholic beverage 99 Bananas . After the attack , he was escorted out of the venue . On Thursday , he became embroiled in a fight with a man called Jay Wills , Oregon Live reports . Wills was allegedly upset about Englander 's attack on Chappelle , and the two engaged in a heated argument , which was not reported to the police . Englander has not been charged with the reported attack . Racial attack : Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful , and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated . Englander was in jail Tuesday , and Dobyns said she did n't know whether he has an attorney to speak on his behalf . Chappelle has had his share of run-ins with audience members in the past . Fueled up : Englander said he ate the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99 Bananas liquor before the show . In a 2013 gig in Hartford , Connecticut , Chappelle shut down his act after 10 minutes because of heckling . Known for his sharp commentary on race relations in America , Chappelle has gradually resumed his stand-up career in the past two years , making a long-awaited return after abruptly abandoning a popular Comedy Central show in 2005 . Court documents indicate that following his arrest Monday night , Christian Englander ` appeared unapologetic and made several statements that appeared to be racially motivated . ' A criminal complaint cited by the Albuquerque Journal states that while smiling and laughing , Englander said : ` maybe I should have handed you -LSB- Chappelle -RSB- the banana instead . ' Chappelle told police it seemed that his attacker was not remorseful and that the banana toss was ` racially motivated , ' according to the complaint . The 41-year-old comedian indicated that he wanted to press charges against Englander . Once Englander was removed from the venue , Chappelle resumed his routine but spent the remainer of his set harping on the fruit fracas . ` First I 'm going to kill him with my comedy then I 'm going to kick him in his f *** ing face , ' he said , according to an audio recording made by an audience member and shared online . ` By the way , these are empty threats . ' He later expressed a desire to hurl a tuna casserole in his assailant 's face and to choke the life out of him - but noted that he would n't do it because it 's against the law . The famed comedian took issue with the fact that the fruit hurled at him was not even fresh and marveled at the fact that someone would carry a banana peel in their pocket . ` Why did n't he throw a good banana at me ? Just the brown peel ? Where 's the rest of it ? I am actually offended by the poor quality of the banana . It was brown , man , ' he was quoted as saying by the news blog NewsCastic . But the pugnacious performer said he was not surprised that it happened to him . ` I wish I could be , `` I ca n't believe this is happening , '' but in all honestly , I 've been expecting that banana for many years , ' Chappelle told the crowd . ` I just did n't know tonight was going to be the night . ' The former Comedy Central star also used the incident to gently rib the popular comedy duo Key and Peele , who currently have a sketch show on the cable network . ` Key and Peele probably did that s *** , ' he joked , referring to the banana throw . ` Key and Banana Peel . ' Chappelle is expected to carry on his comedy tour , performing a show in El Paso , Texas , Tuesday night . Not impressed : The famed comedian took issue with the fact that the fruit hurled at him was not even fresh .