Louis van Gaal could n't let the moment pass . Manchester United had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season and the Dutchman wanted to crank up the pressure . A comfortable victory over Aston Villa , inspired by two goals from the excellent Ander Herrera and crowned by Wayne Rooney 's magnificent strike , had seen United leap above Manchester City in the table for the first time since November 23 , 2013 . When you think on January 10 this year the gap between the two clubs was 10 points , the turnaround has been remarkable . But now , as they head into their latest local squabble , there is mounting confidence around Old Trafford that United will not surrender their position . Louis van Gaal has piled pressure on Manchester City ahead of their games against Crystal Palace and United . Manchester United picked up all three points at the weekend by beating Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford . Van Gaal believes Manchester City 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot . MANCHESTER UNITED -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : De Gea 6 ; Valencia 7 , Jones 7 , Rojo 7 , Blind 7 : Herrera 8.5 , Carrick 7 , Fellaini 6.5 -LRB- Falcao 77 mins -RRB- : Mata 7.5 , Rooney 8 , Young 6.5 -LRB- Di Maria 70 . 6.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Valdes , Rafael , Januzaj , McNair , Pereira . Scorers : Herrera 43 , 90 , Rooney 79 . ASTON VILLA -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Guzan 7 : Hutton 5.5 -LRB- Bacuna 46 , 5 -RRB- , Okore 5.5 , Clark 5.5 , Lowton 5 : N'Zogbia 5 -LRB- Baker 61 , 5 -RRB- , Sanchez 6 , Delph 6 , Weimann 5 -LRB- Cole 77 -RRB- : Benteke 6.5 , Agbonlahor 5 . Subs not used : Given , Vlaar , Gil , Grealish . Booked : Delph . Scorer : Benteke 80 . Man of the match : Ander Herrera . Referee : Roger East 6 . Is it feasible for City to finish fourth ? They face Crystal Palace on Monday evening and Van Gaal believes dropping down two positions will creep into the psychology of Manuel Pellegrini 's squad . Even if City win at Selhurst Park , how will they handle the furnace that awaits this Sunday ? ` It plays a part in the spirit of the players -- of our opponents but also our players , ' said Van Gaal . ` We have more confidence now and when -LRB- if -RRB- they lose a point against Crystal Palace , then it is also sitting in their minds . ` I do n't know the individual players of Manchester City so well , so I can not judge them . But we have a lot of confidence and we have n't lost so many times at home . The next game is going to be the decisive game . ' Van Gaal is aware recent history spells doom for United . They have lost seven of the last nine Manchester derbies , including each of the last four . Remarkably , they have not beaten City at home since Rooney scored that breath-taking bicycle kick in February 2011 . City , few would dispute , have the better squad but , regardless of what happens in south London , will they be able to hold United 's momentum ? Can they match their spirit ? Big games are bringing the best out of Van Gaal 's men and they are clearly relishing the opportunity that awaits . Manchester United have not beaten City at Old Trafford since Wayne Rooney 's wonder goal in February 2011 . Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero scored in his side 's 1-0 win over United back in November . Rooney likes playing against Villa -- this was his 13th career goal against them . Newcastle -LRB- 12 -RRB- are his second favourite opponents . Man United lead rivals Man City by one point . ` It was another Manchester United , I believe , ' said Van Gaal , when asked how he reflected on the 1-0 defeat he suffered at the Etihad Stadium in November . ` We have developed the team . That was more in the start of the process and now we are in the end of the process . ` So I think also the confidence of our players is very high at the moment but also our performances shows that so it 's not the same Manchester United . It 's like the game against Liverpool and the game -LRB- coming up -RRB- against Chelsea -- you have to win these kinds of matches . ' With Liverpool 's defeat by Arsenal effectively ending the doubt over which sides will finish in the top four , it now becomes a question of what order Chelsea , Arsenal and the two Manchester clubs will be after the final games have been played . United 's run-in is laced with demanding assignments -- aside from City , they must go to Stamford Bridge on April 18 , face a trip to Goodison Park the following week and host Arsenal on May 16 -- but they have an aura once more . Manchester United defender Chris Smalling saw red during the Premier League clash at the Etihad Stadium . Man United vs Man City - April 12 . Chelsea vs Man United - April 18 . Everton vs Man United - April 26 . Man United vs West Brom - May 2 . Crystal Palace vs Man United - May 9 . Man United vs Arsenal - May 17 . Hull vs Man United - May 24 . Crystal Palace vs Man City - April 6 . Man United vs Man City - April 12 . Man City vs West Ham - April 19 . Man City vs Aston Villa - April 25 . Tottenham vs Man City - May 3 . Man City vs QPR - May 10 . Swansea vs Man City - May 17 . Man City vs Southampton - May 24 . Villa , stymied by injury problems that Tim Sherwood described as ` crippling ' , simply could n't cope once they went conceded in the 43rd minute and the manager , who was noticeably glum afterwards , can at least take solace from the fact Queens Park Rangers will not offer the same threat on Tuesday . ` We know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown , especially in the last few games , it 's going to be a great game , ' said Ashley Young , who admitted he was ` disappointed ' to not be selected for the last round of England games . ` Hopefully we will get the three points . Of course it would be nice but we are just taking each game as it comes . ' There was never any hint they would slip up here , bossing the first half and then going through the gears after a slow period after the break to swat Villa aside . Herrara , with his slick passing and industry , was terrific . Rooney 's 14th strike of the campaign , meanwhile , was sensational . ` It 's about momentum , especially when you are going into this vital stage of the season , ' Young added . ` United teams always come strong at this stage and we are showing in every game just how strong we can be -- and even how we finish the game . We will enjoy this but it is all about next week . ' Ashley Young -LRB- left , pictured with Herrera -RRB- believes his side are building momentum ahead of the derby .