Clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin . The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean . But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages . On Twitter , some users blasted the company for what they said was a ` racist ' post . Controversy : Clorox has apologized after the company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin . @whitleyslilcuz wrote ' @Clorox Save yourself the drama trying to defend this racist azz tweet . Just delete it . ' ' @Clorox racist wo n't buy your products anymore , ' @IamHaydeee wrote . Per CNNMoney , @DriNicole tweeted ' @Clorox Why is the tweet still there ? You need to clean up your PR person . Put some bleach on your distasteful marketing ideas . ' Other users disagreed , expressing their thoughts on social media . WPIX producer Ashley Alese Edwards , under the handle @AshleyAlese , tweeted ` Not sure how the Clorox tweet was racist ? People need to stop reaching . ' ` If you 're offended by Clorox 's tweet , just get off of social media and look for actual racism elsewhere . #IHatePeopleSometimes , ' @PeytonsHead tweeted . @KyleBalan tweeted ' @Clorox this was n't racist . I agree we need a bleach emoji . ' Apology : Clorox later tried to make amends in a different Tweet . Uproar : The gaffe is only the latest example of companies like at & t and Kenneth Cole that have sparked controversy or offense on social media . ` I did n't think it was malicious , but impact negates intent . This is someone being thoughtless , and really not focused on what was trending that day , ' said Jazzmen Knoderer , a 29-year-old program coordinator at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore . She joined other Twitter users in posting her dismay about the Clorox tweet after it spread online last week . Clorox , based in Oakland , California , tried to make amends with another post that said , ` Wish we could bleach away our last tweet . Did n't mean to offend . ' The company also apologized in a statement Saturday that added , ` We did not mean for this to be taken as a specific reference to the diversity emojis - but we should have been more aware of the news around this . The tweet was meant to be light-hearted - about having an emoji shaped like a bleach bottle to represent doing laundry or cleaning - but it fell flat . ' The gaffe is only the latest example of companies like at & t and Kenneth Cole that have sparked controversy or offense on social media . DiGiorno Pizza apologized last fall for a tweet about having pizza , which used a hashtag - -LRB- hash -RRB- whyistayed - that others had adopted for discussions about the dilemma faced by women in abusive relationships .