A terrified woman has revealed her estranged husband 's chilling plot to have her killed , not once , but twice . Angie Donohue has told how her husband of four years , Daryl Scott Donohue , 43 , had tried to hire someone to kill her , even from the confines of his prison cell . ` I was frightened of him , I was just terrified of him , ' Mrs Donohue revealed in an interview with A Current Affair . Scroll down for video . Angie Donohue broke down as she explained how her husband of four years had tried to hire someone to kill her , even from the confines of his prison cell . Daryl Scott Donohue tried to kill his wife , not once , but twice . Over the course of their marriage , Ms Donohue was forced into hiding after Donohue stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ` various people ' to kill her for money . Ms Donohue said that when they started the doomed romance , Donohue was a ` nice , sweet and fun loving guy ' who appeared ` normal ' . After dating for about a year the pair got engaged and started to plan a wedding . Ms Donohue said it was on the day that was meant to be the happiest of her life that she discovered her husband-to-be was not the man she thought he was . ` He did n't even make eye contact with me and I remember saying the night we were married `` why did n't you look at me ? '' He told her it was nerves but in that moment she knew something was n't quite right . ` He did n't even make eye contact with me and I remember saying the night we were married `` why did n't you look at me ? '' The couple both had children to previous relationships and Ms Donohue said she had no intentions of having any more children , but Donohue convinced her they should try for another baby . Once Ms Donohue fell pregnant , she said things started to get progressively worse . ` Once I got pregnant it was like the real person emerged and it was kind of frighting . ' She said he became increasingly possessive , always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do . ` Everything I did had to have approval ... it was like a switch was flicked , ' she revealed in the emotional interview . Ms Donohue explained her husband became increasingly possessive , always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do . She said his controlling behaviour seeped into every aspect of her life ; she could n't shop , eat or go out without his consent . He had taken control of all their finances . At this stage , Ms Donohue was faced with news that her unborn child was very unwell and he would require multiple surgeries to survive . Her son 's health became her main focus and as Ms Donohue started to approach the end of her pregnancy , the Tasmanian was told she needed to go to Melbourne so specialists could monitor the final stages of her complicated pregnancy . . After giving birth , Ms Donohue 's son was rushed to intensive care . She said she 'd finally had enough and worked up the courage to leave her controlling husband . Ms Donohue was faced with tragic news that her child was very unwell and he would require multiple surgeries to survive . After the birth of their son , Ms Donohue was about to leave her controlling husband when he pleaded that he would change . ` I 'd actually said to him `` This is n't how I 'd imagined my life '' but he eventually promised that he would change . ' Ms Donohue decided to give him another chance and stayed for several more years until Donohue stooped to a new low , striking his youngest and most vulnerable son . ` I turned around and said `` How dare you effing hit him ? You know that he 's had a stroke , he 's had brain damage so why on earth would you smack him in the face ? '' ' Donohue stooped to a new low , striking his youngest and most vulnerable son which prompted Ms Donohue to confront him about his behaviour . He told her he lashed out because their son ` would n't effing shut up ' . Ms Donohue told her husband he had no right to touch their son like that and if he wanted to hit someone , he could hit her , to which he responded ` I 'm going to do one better ' . Ms Donohue then took her children and left her abusive husband but he started to stalk the family . ` He was everywhere , ' she said . Ms Donohue revealed he broke into the house , tampered with her Facebook account , accessed her emails and even attempted to hide out on her children 's school grounds . She took this information to police but they told her there was little they could do for her . ` He was taunting me , ' she added . Ms Donohue revealed her husband had broken into their house , he 'd tampered with her Facebook account , accessed her emails and even attempted to hide on her kid 's school grounds . She said she knew he was planning to kill her and he may well have succeeded if Donohue had n't made a crucial mistake that would alert police to his troubling behaviour . Donohue followed his estranged wife into an undercover car park where he smashed her rear breaklight , allegedly so he could easily follow her at night . The carpark was covered in CCTV cameras and he was caught in the act . Armed with the camera footage as evidence , police launched a major investigation into Daryl Scott Donohue . The blurry CCTV footage shows Donohue before he proceeded to smash his wife 's break lights . They soon learned Ms Donohue 's fear was justified as they learned he had tried to hire a hit man to murder his wife . ` They told me a little bit . They told me enough to keep me aware that Daryl was trying to hire someone to kill me , ' she said . ` The police turned around and said we need you to go away for a while , so we did . ' Ms Donohue and her children hid out in a hotel while an undercover officer posed as a hit man and went to meet Donohue . He offered the officer $ 10,000 in cash to carry out the hit . Police immediately arrested Donohue for trying to incite his wife 's murder . ` I got the phone call saying its over , he 's been arrested . ' A photographer captured the moment Donohue was arrested for stalking and inciting his wife 's murder . Police told her that her husband had approached ` various people ' offering them money to ` to get rid ' of her . Donohue plead guilty to both stalking and inciting murder and in Feburary , 2013 , he was sentenced four years in jail . Ms Donohue was devastated he was n't put away for longer but she hoped while Donohue was behind bars , her family would be safe . ` We thought , right , at least for four years , we can get on with our lives . We can just try and be normal . ' She said her son 's performance at school started to improve and slowly her life started to get better . ` We thought , right , at least for four years , we can get on with our lives . We can just try and be normal ' Unbeknownst to Ms Donohue her husband was still plotting her murder , for the second time , from inside his jail cell . He approached inmates who he knew were about to go on parole and offered them cash to track down his wife and kill her . Scott , who was serving a three month sentence for burglary , was one of two inmates he offered $ 25,000 to murder Ms Donohue . He said Donohue would plan ways he could kill his wife , and her parents , so he could gain full custody of his children . Scott , who was serving a three month sentence for burglary , was one of two inmates he offered $ 25,000 to murder Ms Donohue . He allegedly suggested he should cut her break lines and then interfere with her pacemaker . He even offered up a plan to kill her parents by putting cyanide in their milk before texting Ms Donohue off their phone , to lure her to her own death . ` He turned around and said if its not done in three weeks , I 'll have someone else to do it , ' Scott told A Current Affair . When Scott was released from prison , he immediately went to authorities and provided key information that lead to Donohue being charged for a second time . In Feburary this year , Donohue was found guilty by a court of law for inciting his wife 's murder , again . He was sentenced to a further seven years in jail . ` You live in fear and you hate that somebody has that kind of control over you from inside prison ' Ms Donohue was taken aback that her husband could still try and hurt her from behind bars . ` You live in fear and you hate that somebody has that kind of control over you from inside prison , ' she said . Donohue , who showed no remorse , underwent psychiatric testing where it was confirmed he had no mental illnesses that could have contributed to his twisted behaviour . While Ms Donohue would like to believe her ordeal is over , she said she still feels ` unsafe ' . ` I have no doubt that he 's just not going to let go . He 's one very angry person and he wants me dead . I do n't feel safe . ' Ms Donohue has been offered to join witness protection but she said it is n't an option . She believes her children need to be surrounded by the people who know and love them . ` I thought I picked a sensible person . I thought I picked a safe person but it turned out I picked anything but and it turns out I put those kids in danger ' Ms Donohue said she still feels guilty for bringing this man into her children 's lives . ` I thought I picked a sensible person . I thought I picked a safe person but it turned out I picked anything but and it turns out I put those kids in danger . ' Ms Donohue said she wants as many people as possible to hear her story , and see the face of her killer husband , in case he ever makes another attempt on her life . Donohue is reportedly trying to appeal his second , seven-year , conviction however a hearing date is yet to be determined .