They are proud words but ones spoken with relief coursing through them . They are a mother 's innately , protective words . AP McCoy 's mum . ` We are all going to Sandown on Saturday , ' says Claire McCoy . ` It will be emotional in one way and relief in another . I 'll be glad and I will be sorry too . He has had a great career . ` Twenty five years . It is the end of an era . I would not say I enjoyed every day of it and it is great he is hopefully coming out in one piece . Tony McCoy poses with his mother Claire McCoy at Punchestown racecourse back in 2010 . ` But in the last few weeks , since he announced his retirement , I have been more nervous . You are thinking please God get out of this without getting hurt . ' If you think Claire McCoy has got her maths wrong - twenty five years ? -- think again . There may seem a perfect symmetry in the way McCoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend when he crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport . But the timing is even better than it seems . Exactly 25 years ago , the 15-year-old AP left his home in Moneyglass , County Antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey 's life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny . Claire says seeing ` Anthony ' leave left her ` heartbroken ' . McCoy poses with his father Peader and two sisters Rosin and Jane at Limerick racecourse . She admits she still ca n't believe her boy stuck it out at Bolger 's academy for four and a half years . But the steely , dogged determination that enabled her son to not just re-write racing 's history books but tear them up and start again was already in evidence . Claire said : ` It was 25 years ago this week that he left to go to Jim Bolger 's . He was n't even 16 . It was a beautiful day , like today , and I was heartbroken . McCoy grits his teeth as the going gets tough during his final visit to Aintree racecourse . A young McCoy dons his silks and saddle as he poses with his father Peader in 1990 . ` I can assure you there were many tears that day . Kilkenny seemed so far away and it was . The roads were n't as good as they are now . ` Him and his father went with the late -LRB- trainer -RRB- Billy Rock in his horsebox . They were meeting Jim Bolger 's horsebox . I could hardly wait until his father came home and part of me thought Anthony would maybe not go and come back . ` You could n't do that now -- can you imagine a 15 year-old going away ? ` We had been down there before and left Anthony for a couple of weeks . I thought , God he will never stay here but he was very determined . A young McCoy leads in Wood Louse following victory at Downpatrick racecourse . Arsenal legend Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockey 's trophy at Sandown on Saturday . Track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club that the retiring rider supports . Thierry Henry had been lined up but his Sky employers vetoed an appearance . Another Arsenal name expected at Sandown is Liam Brady , one of McCoy 's heroes from his childhood . ` Jim Bolger 's gallops were 1,500 ft above sea level -- it was the wilds of Ireland and the most beautiful setting for animals you ever saw in your life but I would not have said that for the apprentices . ` They were n't living in luxury . The horses were living in more luxury than them . ` There was one public phone box and maybe 30 of them . It was a tough time . He was there for four and a half years and believe it or not , when he went to England he was was much closer to home . ' Derby winning trainer Bolger is a mellower model these days . In his autobiography McCoy wrote of ` bollockings which made grown men cry ' while he was there . Mass every Sunday was compulsory and smoking and drinking banned . McCoy receives a kiss from wife Chanelle McCoy after winning the Ryanair Chase on Uxizandre . McCoy poses with his father at Leopardstown racecourse after he rode Colbert Station to victory . But it was Bolger who gave McCoy his first ride -- seventh-placed Nordic Touch on the Flat at now defunct Dublin track of Phoenix Park on September 1 , 1990 . It was a moment captured by Irish photographer Pat Healy . He said : ` I knew AP 's father Peadar . He had bred Thumbs Up -LRB- winner of the County Hurdle at the 1993 Cheltenham Festival -RRB- and I knew him from point-to-points . He asked me would I take a picture because it was his son 's first ride and he might not have many more . ' The prediction turned out to be wrong but only by about 16,500 rides ! McCoy pushes Parlour Games into second during his final trip to Aintree racecourse as a jockey . It had been at Rock 's local stable that the McCoy jockey bug had really been born . The young AP spent every hour he could at the stable 11 miles from his home , at one point hitching a lift in a butcher 's van and ultimately cycling to the stable . Much as she tried Claire could not get her son to concentrate on school . She says : ` I might as well have tried to persuade a cat -- he was never , ever going to stay at school . He would huff and puff because he did n't want to go with me fighting with him . McCoy and his mother Claire pose after he announced his impending retirement at Leopardstown . ` Him and I fell out and we argued . I threatened to no avail . Mind you , his father did n't help me much . It was two and against one . I would n't say Peadar was happy but he wanted to give him the opportunity to be a jockey . ` Anthony was very determined . But he stuck it out . He is a very focused man . We speak a lot on the phone -- not about racing , just every day normal things . We certainly do n't talk about his falls because I do n't believe a word he tells me ! ' McCoy celebrates after winning on Do n't Push It following The Grand National steeplechase . With Claire and Peadar at Sandown will be their other son Colm and daughters Anne Marie , Jane , Kelly and Roisin . Claire admits it has taken her son 's retirement to make her appreciate how high he is regarded . ` I do n't go racing that much but I went to Leopardstown -LRB- the day after he announced his retirement in February -RRB- . It was that day I realised what people think about him and I think it has been the same in Britain . ` I think he will cope fine with retirement . He is very strong-minded . ' Twenty five years on and nothing has changed . Parents of McCoy , Claire and Peadar McCoy , pose after their son announced he would retire .