An exotic bird in Brazil was recorded making incredible sounds that would n't be out of place on a video game . The Curl-crested Jay , which resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre , is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds . With the ever-growing presence of human 's in their natural habitats , the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song . Videoed behind a fence , the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound . Following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a Space Invaders style tune emerges from it . Discussing the video , companion parrot behavioural expert Greg Glendell spoke with MailOnline about the various theories regarding the function of these sounds . The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre . ` Several groups of birds have a lifelong ability to learn to reproduce new sounds ; notably parrots , starlings and crows , ' said Mr Glendell . The particular Jay belongs to the Crow/Corvidae family . ` Some birds may use them to impress a mate or their peers within their flock , ' he added . ` Most birds using mimicry are highly social species , with a complex vocal repertoire , which includes innate calls and learnt calls . The bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song . ` As social species they use their calls as language . There are often regional dialects within bird groups . So the same species shows differences in its calls across its range . ' Mr Glendell also noted that sometimes captive birds confined to cages use their ability to mimic to relieve their boredom and ensure responses from their owners . The original video was uploaded to YouTube account : Swiatoczamigoski by a Polish-based blogger who has spent some time volunteering at the Brazilian breeding centre . Videoed behind a fence , the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound .