Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with a point against Tottenham and the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane at Turf Moor . Kane 's first outing as captain of Tottenham failed to inspire Spurs in an insipid 0-0 draw against Burnley in a result which helped neither side . Sean Dyche 's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won , while Spurs ' hopes of a top-four spot look to have evaporated . Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane . Kane could not find a way to break the deadlock at Turf Moor in the 0-0 draw on Sunday afternoon . ` I think as a team we handled him -LRB- Kane -RRB- well , ' Duff told Sky Sports 1 . ` We pressed them high up the pitch and you could see that many many times . It 's something we pride ourselves on . ` We have n't got the multi-multi-million pound superstars that maybe some teams have in this league or the budget to go with it but we work hard and you can see the fans appreciate that . ' Danny Ings missed an early chance to put Burnley ahead and Clarets defender Jason Shackell thinks his side need to be more clinical from now until the end of the season . ` I thought we played well today and we had a few chances , ' the 31-year-old said . Burnley tried to press high up the pitch as a way of neutralising the threat posed by top scorer Kane . Duff clears the ball ahead of the challenge of Kane in a game that lacked clear-cut chances for both teams . ` We need to be a bit more clinical between now and the end of the season but it 's another point and that 's a point in the right direction . ` If he -LRB- Ings -RRB- had put the ball in the back of the net of course it would have been different but he 's been phenomenal and will get a few more goals for us before the end of the season for sure . ' Duff added : ` We just keep taking it a game at a time . It 's another marker and another point in the right direction . It 's a tough league and at times it 's hard to get points so we 'll take anything we can get . ' Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson had a pop at Spurs substitute Andros Townsend after the match . Merson tweeted : ` Watching the game @andros - townsend , did you miss the coach ? #RubberDub # 7minutes ' Meanwhile , Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson had a pop at Spurs substitute Andros Townsend after the match . The pair have exchanged words on Twitter in recent weeks over the striker 's appearances for England . Merson tweeted : ` Just been watching the game @andros - townsend , did you miss the coach ? #RubberDub # 7minutes ' .