She may not look it , but this 72-year-old is a master con artist . Cathryn Parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles , mainly those of Hollywood production workers . But after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles , it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation . Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name . Tracking down her house , they found she was leasing under another false name . The case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen . Master con ? Cathryn Parker , 72 , has been living as 74 different people , mainly Hollywood production staffers . ` I 've been a cop for 20 years ... and this is the first case where I 've had this many aliases , ' LAPD 's Detective Danny Gore told the LA Times . He predicted Parker would have continued to operate under the various identities for the rest of her life . ` It 's like a way of life . I do n't know that there was an end , ' he remarked . ` You have to be dedicated . ' Efforts to find a phone number for Parker were unsuccessful . It was n't immediately known if she has an attorney . As of Friday , Parker was in federal custody in Northern California , where she was wanted for probation violations . She was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in Hawaii after she used the Jenny Craig Corp 's corporate travel account to purchase plane tickets and then sold the tickets privately for $ 500 apiece . Parker has repeatedly violated the terms of her release since then and was wanted by the U.S. Marshals , according to records . According to police , she also paid utilities under false names and acquired credit cards with other people 's financial information . After she serves time in Northern California , she 'll be sent down to Los Angeles County to answer for the alleged identity thefts , Deputy U.S. Marshal Laura Vega said . Until that time , investigators are looking for more victims . Though the current victims only date back to 2012 , Gore said he believes there could be incidents going back to 2010 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .