Breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic ` markers ' Breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic ` markers ' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness . After surgery , the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened , and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning . For some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy . The majority of women who have breast cancer are routinely given the gruelling drug treatment following removal of the tumour to prevent recurrence . Although the medication kills off cancer cells , the side effects -- including complete hair loss , nausea , sickness , weight gain or loss , and extreme fatigue -- can be difficult to live with . For some women , the prospect of chemotherapy is more daunting than the surgery itself . But experts have long-believed that the risk of cancer recurrence for certain women is a lot less than for others , and that for some , chemotherapy may not be necessary . If the newest of the tests , called EndoPredict , shows a low score , patients can opt not to have chemotherapy . Most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £ 2,500 , although breast specialists hope they may soon become properly available on the NHS . Surgeon Hemant Singhal said : ` I think there is a good case for the NHS to use this test on the basis that the cost is balanced out by savings in not giving chemotherapy . ' Professor Kefah Mokbel , consultant breast surgeon at St George 's Hospital , London , said : ` With this test we can help patients make an informed choice , whereas in the past we have just given chemotherapy to almost everyone . ' Becca Cornford , a 49-year-old mother of three aged 11 , six and four , was recovering from being diagnosed and treated for breast cancer last year only to then discover that she had cancer in her other breast . The majority of women who have breast cancer are routinely given the gruelling drug treatment following removal of the tumour to prevent recurrence . She said : ` I dreaded chemo more than another mastectomy . I was worried it would interfere with me being able to look after my children . ' Professor Mokbel operated on Becca in December at the Princess Grace Hospital , London , and afterwards a sample of her tumour was sent away and tested using the EndoPredict . A low score meant her chances of recurrence within ten years were just five per cent and she was told chemotherapy could not offer much better odds . ` I could have gone through chemo and the cancer could still return , ' she says . ` There is no treatment that places your chances at zero . But if you have regular monitoring , there is every chance that any cancer that might come back would be nipped in the bud early . '