Scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term . From high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss . But if you just ca n't shed the pounds - or keep them off - then help may be at hand . A landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term . The US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims . In fact , the results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them . Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere , while some may actually be harmful to health . Crucially , very few have been shown to keep the weight off permanently . But a handful - including Weight Watchers , the Atkins diet , Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - do appear to be effective , according to long-term studies . The research , from Johns Hopkins University , was prompted by doctors seeing an increasing number of obese or overweight patients wanting to join popular slimming clubs or diet plans . The researchers say reliable proof of which ones work has become increasingly important as doctors and health bosses come under increasing pressure to tackle the obesity epidemic . To draw their conclusions , they first reviewed 4,200 studies involving these diets for solid evidence of effectiveness . However only a few dozen of the studies met the scientific gold standard of reliability - using properly controlled clinical trials . Scroll down for video . Because of this , they ended up examining 11 programs in detail . Three ` high-intensity ' programmes were included : Weight Watchers , Jenny Craig and NutriSystem . These incorporate goal setting , self-monitoring , nutritional information and counselling . There were three very-low-calorie meal replacement programmes : HMR , Medifast and OPTIFAST . Five ` self-directed ' programmes , Atkins , SlimFast , and the internet-based Biggest Loser Club , eDiets and Lose It ! , were also looked at . Of the 11 plans , some were free while those that required replacement meals could cost up to between £ 380 -LRB- $ 570 -RRB- and £ 460 -LRB- $ 682 -RRB- per month . The high protein , low cab Atkins diet scored well : This was because there was ` gold-standard data ' showing that people following the diet lost more weight after one year than those people either dieting on their own or getting health and diet information elsewhere . The researchers say only two programmes are supported by gold-standard data showing that enrolled dieters - on average - lost more weight after one year than those either dieting on their own or getting health and diet information elsewhere . EVIDENCE OF LONG-TERM SUCCESS : Weight Watchers , Jenny Craig . EVIDENCE OF SHORT-TERM SUCCESS : . NutriSystem produced more weight loss at three months than counselling or education alone , but researchers were unable to find any long-term trials . Very-low-calorie meal replacement dieters lost more weight than people not using them in trials lasting 4-6 months . But the only long-term study showed no benefit from such a programme at 12 months . Programmes based on the Atkins diet - high in fat , low in carbohydrates - also helped people lose more weight at six months and 12 months than counseling alone and the approach ` appears promising ' . NOT ENOUGH EVIDENCE TO JUDGE : . Slim-Fast and the Internet-based programmes : Biggest Loser Club , eDiets and Lose It ! Results were generally ` modest ' , with participants losing on average between three and five per cent more weight than the studies ' control groups who did not take part . Based on the analysis of the studies , Jenny Craig and Weight Watchers were backed by clinical trials that lasted 12 months or longer and showed those enrolled had a greater weight loss than those not following the plan . NutriSystem also produced more weight loss at three months than counselling or education alone , but researchers were unable to find any long-term trials of that plan . People on very-low-calorie meal replacement plans lost more weight than many other dieters in the first four to six months . But there was only one long-term study , which showed no benefit from such a programme at 12 months . But these diets also carry higher risks of complications , such as gallstones , the researchers found . Programmes based on the Atkins diet - high in fat , low in carbohydrates - also helped people lose more weight at six months and 12 months than counseling alone and the approach ` appears promising ' . But no definite conclusions could be made about Slim-Fast and the internet-based programmes , they say . Jeanne Clark , professor of medicine , said : ` We want people to experience the health benefits of weight loss - lower blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar , and lower risk of developing diseases like diabetes . People on very-low-calorie meal replacement plans lost more weight than many other dieters in the first four to six months . But there was only one long-term study , which showed no benefit from such a programme at 12 months . ` Those benefits are long-term goals - so losing weight for three months , then regaining it , has limited health benefits . ` That 's why it 's important to have studies that look at weight loss at 12 months and beyond . ' Dr Kimberly Gudzune assistant professor of medicine , added : ` Clinicians could consider referring patients who are overweight or obese to Weight Watchers or Jenny Craig . ` Other popular programmes , such as NutriSystem , show promising weight-loss results , but additional studies evaluating long-term outcomes are needed . ' The findings , published in the Annals of Internal Medicine , come with a call for more rigorous tests of the programs for longer periods of time , so effectiveness can be better judged . The authors added : ` Doctors need to know which programmes have rigorous trials showing they work , but they have n't had much evidence to rely on . ` Our review should give clinicians a better idea of what programmes they might consider for their patients . ' The researchers looked at the evidence for 11 different weight loss plans . Weight Watchers : A calorie controlled diet , which assigns every food a points value , based on its protein , carbohydrate , fat and fibre . Choices that fill a person up the longest ` cost ' the least , and nutritious foods cost less than those with 'em pty ' calories , such as junk food . Atkins : Involves limiting carbohydrates and increasing the proportion of protein and fat in the diet . Designed to ` flip the body 's metabolic switch ' from burning carbs to burning fat . Claims to limit blood sugar and insulin spikes , which cause hunger and cravings , and result in overeating and weight gain . Jenny Craig : A diet in which people are able to choose from a range of pre-packaged , microwaveable meals , which they can supplement with vegetables , wholegrains and low-fat dairy . Dieters discuss meal plans with a counsellor and also have access to an advice helpline . NutriSystem : A prepaid meal plan with 28 days of meals delivered to the dieter 's door , which can be supplemented with fresh fruit and vegetables . Menus provide a mix of low-glycaemic carbohydrates , fibre , and lean protein . HMR : A meal replacement system , including shakes and microwave meals , supplemented with fresh fruit and vegetables . Biggest Loser Club : Online weight loss plan linked to the brutal TV show of the same name . Dieters get meal plans , online workout videos and online support . SlimFast : Involves substituting two daily meals with an energy-restricted replacement . Products include powders , shakes , meal bars and snacks . eDiets : Online weight loss tool with ` a variety of digital diet plans , nutritional products and supplements to help members ' . Medifast : Consists of pre-planned meals which create a calorie-deficit to aid weight loss . Products include shakes , smoothies , bars , crisps , cereals and soups . Lose it ! Helps users set a daily calorie budget , track their food intake and exercise , and ` stay motivated to make smarter choices ' . Optifast : Meal replacement plan including shakes , soups , bars , protein drinks and vitamin , mineral and fibre supplements .