It 's a charged scene . A woman wearing just a bra and a flared mini skirt sashays across a room , where a smartly dressed man awaits . It could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film Fifty Shades of Grey . In fact , it 's an advert from cosmetics giant Revlon for their latest lipstick . The stylish ad is filmed entirely in black and white , with just a slick of pink visible on the woman 's lips . Scroll down for video . Revlon 's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar ... It 's shot in black and white , the only colour being the pop of pink on the woman 's lips . The video , titled Love Is On , was created by agency George Patts y & r for the cosmetics company as part of a major rebrand . Revlon UK 's new global tag line , Love Is On , is the label 's first major relaunch in more than a decade . The move is said to signal it 's intention to inspire love and connect with people around the world on an emotional level . A spokesperson says : ` The idea for Love Is On grew from our quest to find a universally inspiring emotion . Love is by far and away the most powerful and most positive ... Truly , L-O-V-E is at the heart of the word REVLON . And O-N -LRB- at the end of REVLON -RRB- is about being open or `` on '' . ' The stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack . We see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch as he laughs , entranced ; the couple then dance around . The woman indulges in an impromptu selfie session with an old Polaroid camera and seductively emerges with the prints . She flicks them to the man , who 's only too delighted to receive them . It 's a collection of photos of her lips , painted in various colours of lippie . Later the woman climbs onto the coffee table in platform heels and almost straddles the man , slowly removing his lie and using it to loosely blindfold him . She takes some Polaroids of herself and seductively emerges from behind a room divider , presenting them . She then whispers something incomprehensible in his ear through lipsticked lips , and leaves . The man removes the blindfold and laughs to find she 's drawn a heart in the mirror and left a lipstick kiss within it . Crackling with romance and play , the pair 's private encounter is bound to get you all hot and bothered . We see her apply lipstick several times throughout the clip . She wears just a bra and flared mini skirt , while her love interest is clad in shirt and tie . The woman later pushes him back onto the couch and removes his tie . She gently ties it around his eyes creating a blindfold . Crackling with romance and play , the pair 's private encounter is bound to get you all hot and bothered . The woman whispers something incomprehensible in his ear through lipsticked lips , and leaves . The man removes the blindfold and laughs to find she 's drawn a heart in the mirror and left a lipstick kiss .