Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year 's Games . Over the past week , thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake , but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause . More than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to Rio 's waste management company , but there is still an overwhelming stench , sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by . Clearing : Rio 's waste management company said it has cleared more than 37 tons of fish , which have been taken to the city 's main dump . Olympics : Rodrigo de Freitas lake is set to host the Olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year 's Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . There is an overwhelming stench coming from the lake and authorities and biologists have argued about about the cause of the deaths . Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish , a small silvery species called twaite shad , off the water 's surface until the the mass dying subsides . They are being taken to the city 's main dump . The die-offs are common in Rio , where rivers , lakes and even the ocean are blighted by raw sewage and garbage . Rower and Olympic hopeful Felipe Xavier said : ` I have to come train but these dead fish bother us because the smell is very strong and the huge amount of fish slows the boat . ' But Alexandre Fernandez , rowing coach of Botafogo club based in Rio , said he had no worries about the phenomenon and believes the cause was natural , not because of pollution . In February , twaite shad died in the blighted waters of Guanabara Bay , where the Olympic sailing events are to be held . Members of a local rowing club have to train among the dead fish in Rodrigo de Freitas lake ahead of the Olympic Games in the city in 2016 . Rubbish collectors will continue to clear the decomposing fish , a small silvery species called twaite shad , off the water 's surface in Rio . More than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to Rio 's waste management company , but there is still an overwhelming stench . The dead fish are being scooped out of the water by rubbish collectors using nets and are then taken to Rio de Janeiro 's main dump . Rio 's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature . ` The intense rains that happened last week and a rise in the sea levels led to a spike in the -LRB- sea -RRB- water entering the lake , causing a thermal shock , ' it said in a statement , reporting that water temperature in the lake quickly fell by 4C . However , several scientists have rejected that explanation , saying that pollution is really to blame . Estefan Monteiro da Fonseca , an oceanographer at Fluminense Federal University , said the official explanation ` makes no sense ' . Despite more than 37 tons of the fish being removed from the water , there is still an overwhelming stench which has prompted complaints . Picturesque ? Rio de Janeiro 's stunning landscape has been blighted by the dead fish , which are currently being cleared from the water . Lagoon : There are so many fish on the surface of the lake in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil that almost no water can be seen in some places . Alexandre Fernandez -LRB- not pictured -RRB- , rowing coach of Botafogo club , said he 's not worried and believes the cause of the deaths was natural . He said : ` The lake continues receiving large quantities of sewage . ' He added that it has large concentrations of sulfur because of the organic material dumped into it , and depending on the wind , that material rises to the surface and kills fish . Rio 's water quality has become one of the most contentious issues heading into the 2016 Olympics . Authorities have long said the games would be the catalyst for a major cleanup of the city 's waterways , but as the sporting event approaches with few improvements , they are now admitting that the Olympic promises wo n't be met . Natural causes ? Rio 's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature . Passers-by have to hold their noses because of the overwhelming stench coming from the surface of the water , where rowers are training . Rubbish collection : A man sits on a boat filled with dead fish in Rodrigo de Freitas lake , where Olympic events are due to be held next year . Training : A man rows in the lake surrounded by thousands of dead fish ahead of the Olympics in the South American city next year . Rio Governor Luiz Fernando Pezao acknowledged earlier this week ` there 's not going to be time ' to finish the cleanup ahead of the games , suggesting it might take until the end of 2018 instead . Sailors have repeatedly voiced concerns about possible health and safety threats posed by competing in Rio 's waters . Mr Fonseca warned that if another fish die-off occurs during the games in August 2016 , ` Rio 's image could suffer irreparable damage ' . Rio Governor Luiz Fernando Pezao acknowledged earlier this week ` there 's not going to be time ' to finish the cleanup ahead of the games . An oceanographer said that if another fish die-off occurs during the games in August 2016 , ` Rio 's image could suffer irreparable damage ' . Authorities have said the games would be the catalyst for a major cleanup of the city 's waterways , but there have been few improvements .