Bride to be : American Hayley Carney hopes to fulfil a ` lifelong dream ' of becoming a British citizen . An American transgender woman is preparing to move to the UK to marry a bride she has never met in order to fulfil a ` lifelong dream ' of becoming a British citizen . Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee , identified only as Anne , in Plymouth , Devon , later this year . She will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa , which , if successful , will set her on the path to citizenship . Ms Carney , formerly known as Robert , said she has been dreaming of a life in Britain since reading books about it as a child . She added that she feels the nation is more accepting of ` people like her ' . But it was only after meeting Anne in an online support group that she decided to make a move to the country she ` has always wanted to call home ' . She said : ' -LSB- Anne -RSB- told me months ago that my life would be more comfortable in England , not only because my heart has always been there , but overall Britain is more openly accepting of people like me . ` I can not wait to be there with her and in a country I have always wanted to call home . ` In my heart , that 's always been my home since I could read . I have dreamed of being a British citizen my whole life . ` I have found throughout life that British people are kind and polite . I have several friends I have made over the years and they really are some of the best friends anyone could ask for . ` I have spoken with many people about my upcoming move and they all say that my life would be less complicated and acceptance is found more easily there . ` I can not speak for more people than I know , but in comparing friends from here in the US to my friends in the UK , my British friends are the most wonderful , caring , loving and accepting people I know . ' Moving to Britain : Ms Carney , pictured , will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee , identified only as Anne , in Plymouth , Devon , later this year . Ms Carney intends to move to the UK and search for a job before applying for a visa . She said : ` Immigration is a huge concern of mine . What I need to do is get there , settle in , find employment , then follow all proper channels to eventually earn myself a British citizenship . ` Once acclimatised , I will proudly hold my head high and call myself British , but not until I have earned that right . ` When I come home to England , I want it to be for the remainder of my life . ` There are so many reasons people migrate ; personally I just want a better life . I am prepared for what may come my way on the road to becoming a permanent British citizen . '