Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli , but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day . From pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service , tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day . Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others . Scroll down for video . One woman uploaded a selfie of herself in a low cut top -LRB- left -RRB- while another misspelt #lessweforget -LRB- right -RRB- . One person wrote a meaningful caption about ANZAC Day but uploaded a bared stomach -LRB- left -RRB- while a clothing store uploaded three women eating ANZAC cookies with hashtag #leastweforget . Some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget , #lessweforget or #letsweforget while others uploaded meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers but their photos have illustrated another story . Others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras with their friends while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions . One person wrote in their caption : ` Today is a day of reflection . I reflected what so many sacrifice for our country at dawn service ' but their photograph showed their half bared stomach lying on a beach . One man got suited up for the ANZAC Day races but unfortunately his hashtag says #letsweforget while a woman took a full mirror selfie donning just a bikini with random hashtags mingled with ANZAC Day . One woman expressed a tired look after getting up early for dawn service along with hashtag #yawn -LRB- left -RRB- while a man appeared displeased about waking up early for dawn service -LRB- right -RRB- . One woman said she had a father in the army but her picture illustrated something completely different -LRB- left -RRB- while two friends pulled funny and awkward looks inside a crowded bus as they headed to dawn service . Posing in front of a mirror , one woman , who wore a low cut top , posted the captions : ` Great morning ! 3 am wake up for dawn service at the army base ! Joys of have -LSB- sic -RSB- a father in the army . ' While another woman posted a full mirror selfie shot of herself with the hasthtag #lestweforget mingled with #shesquats , #bikinibod , #aussiebeachbabe and #realgirlslift . Sitting on a crowded bus as they headed towards dawn service , two friends uploaded a selfie of themselves pulling a funny look with the caption : ` Officially austrayaaaann ' . Two young men uploaded a selfie with a misspelt hashtag #lessweforget -LRB- left -RRB- while one woman mingled her ANZAC Day hashtags such as #shesquats , #bikinibod , #aussiebeachbabe and #realgirlslift -LRB- right -RRB- . Two female friends were seen pouting for the cameras -LRB- left -RRB- while another pair were posing with one sticking her tongue out -LRB- right -RRB- . A clothing store in Western Australia uploaded three women cheekily eating ANZAC cookies but unfortunately misspelt their hashtag #leastweforget . One man posted a selfie of himself looking what appears to be displeased with the caption : ` Going to the Dawn Service sounded like a nice idea ... until I had to get up . ' Several photographs were taken from Instagram and shared onto a Tumblr page called ANZAC Day Selfies where it displayed some of the shocking examples .