George and Amal Clooney have returned to Italy to celebrate her birthday with a three-day , star-studded party , it has been reported . The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como . The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney 's 37th birthday in February , according to a source . Scroll down for video . Amal and George Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their Lake Como home for a belated celebration of her 37th birthday . Stella McCartney Sleeveless Marine Embroidery Dress . Get a similar style at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . By now we 've all realized that Amal Clooney has a closet full of designer clothes for every day of the week . The British barrister cut a striking figure back in March when she attended an event with her husband , George Clooney , in this Stella McCartney dress . The sleeveless shift featured a see-through mesh design on both sides showing just a hint of skin but still keeping it classy . The form fitting silhouette highlighted Amal 's slim physique . Unfortunately this style is all sold out , but you can get your hands on a similar option at Neiman Marcus by clicking right . As for alternatives , we 've got plenty in the carousel below . We 're especially smitten with the embroidered panels of the BCBG creation and the lace sleeves on the Reiss number . Keep the look simple with black heels and a box clutch and you 'll score major style points . BCBGMAXAZRIA Eloisa Embroidered Trim Dress -LRB- now $ 238.80 -RRB- . Visit site . Sugarlips Blue Belle Embroidered Dress at Dillard 's . Visit site . Reiss Cersei Lace Sleeve Shift Dress . Visit site . Sue Wong Sleeveless Embroidered Tulle Dress at Nordstrom . Visit site . Among celebrities expected to attend the exclusive event are Mr Clooney 's Oceans 11 co-stars Matt Damon and Brad Pitt . The couple , who also have homes in Los Angeles and Berkshire , married in Venice in September . A source told The Times that strict security measures were in place around Villa Oleandra , the couple 's lakeside home , ahead of the event . It comes after local Italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy . Earlier this month the mayor of Laglio - the exclusive community in which the house is set - increased fines to 500 euros for anyone caught loitering around the property . Strict security rules are in place ahead of the event , with local Italian authorities warning that anyone caught loitering outside the couple 's home -LRB- above -RRB- will face fines of up to 500 euros . Among guests rumoured to have been invited to the party is Matt Damon -LRB- pictured at the Clooneys ' wedding in September -RRB- and Brad Pitt with wife Angelina Jolie -LRB- right -RRB- . Denying claims he had introduced ` a Clooney fine ' , Mayor Roberto Pozzi said the rules were designed to avoid ` dangerous situations ' and ensure ` the circulation of boats in the lake ' . Last summer a similar ` no go ' order was issued to prevent paparazzi boats from lingering in the vicinity . Mr Clooney , 53 , bought Villa Oleandra in 2002 for a reported 7.3 million euros . He bought the adjacent Villa Margherita shortly afterwards . Alongside their Italian pile the couple own a sprawling Berkshire manor house . They bought The Mill House in Sonning in 2013 for a reported £ 10.5 million . Mrs Clooney , who works for the London-based law practice Doughty Street Chambers , has recently taken on a lecturer post at New York 's Columbia University . Her actor husband has been seen filming scenes on the streets of New York for his forthcoming film , Money Monster . In the film Mr Clooney plays Lee Gates , a financial TV personality whose insider tips have afforded him a reputation as the money guru of Wall Street . Mr and Mrs Clooney wed in September in Venice . They are pictured arriving at the palazzo Ca Farsetti to take part in a civil ceremony . Mrs Clooney has recently accepted a post at Columbia University in New York where she will lecture on human rights law . Meanwhile her husband has been seen filming scenes for his forthcoming film Money Monster on Wall Street .