It 's been just a few days since Andy Murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend Kim Sears . But already his mother Judy is hopefully that he will soon take the next step and start a family . The 55-year-old tennis coach told Closer magazine this week : ` I 'm really looking forward to being a granny . I 've always wanted to have grandchildren , but I had to be patient and let them get married first . ' Scroll down for video . Andy Murray 's mother Judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife Kim Sears . Judy went on to reveal that she was n't sure when her 27-year-old son would have children but she knows that he wants them . She said that she will take an active part in their lives and that she ca n't wait to teach them about tennis . Judy also said that following her stint on Strictly Come Dancing last year she taught her tennis champion son some basic dance moves . ` I showed Andy part of the basic steps for the waltz , as he was going to be best man at his friend 's wedding . So before his own wedding he already knew some steps and was confident about taking to the dance floor . ' Andy and Kim married this weekend at a service in Dunblane Cathedral , with the bride wearing a Jenny Packham dress . The ceremony was followed by a reception at Cromlix House , Murray 's luxury hotel near Dunblane . In a later interview on the BBC 's One Show Judy spoke about the wedding itself . She said that it was a prouder moment than when Andy won Wimbledon in 2013 : ` Yeah , I think so . I mean it was just such a happy family occasion . ` It was the perfect day from start to finish even despite the hailstones and the snowstorms that we had during the course of the morning . It was lovely , just lovely . ' Judy continued : ` It really was a perfect day . It was a very , very happy day and I think everybody was very relaxed and very chilled . ` They 've been together for a long time so to see them getting married with all their friends and family around them , and in Dunblane , for me that was very , very special to be able to share it with the people in Dunblane who give so much love and support all the time for him . ` They made such a huge effort and so many of them turn out in not great weather and were there for hours . ' Andy and Kim married at Dunblane Cathedral with a service led by the Rev Colin Renwick . The British tennis number one sported a blue and green kilt for the occasion while Sussex-born Sears , 27 , wore an embroidered Jenny Packham gown with three-quarter-length sleeves and a long veil . Among the guests were Murray 's brother Jamie , divorced parents Judy and William , grandparents Shirley and Roy Erskine and former British tennis number one Tim Henman and his wife Lucy . The ceremony was followed by a reception at Cromlix House , Murray 's luxury hotel near Dunblane . Judy attended the wedding wearing a smart white dress coat with taupe coloured heels . In a note written to staff at the hotel Kim said : ` Thank you to Graeme and every single one of you at Cromlix who worked so hard to make this weekend the best of our lives -- a special place filled with very special people ! X ' Andy and Kim met at the US Open in 2005 when they were both aged 17 , and became engaged in November . They are believed to have asked guests to make a donation to charities rather than buy wedding presents . Before the big day Andy revealed that he was not nervous about the wedding , but he is nervous about having children . He told BBC Sport : ` I am actually not nervous about getting married because we 've been together like nine-and-a-half years and we 've lived together for six or seven years as well . ` So , I do n't think a whole lot 's going to change . I kind of feel like we have been married already in terms of the way we spend our lives together and live together . ` I think I will be more nervous about starting a family because that would be more life-changing , in a good way . '