A Seattle-based filmmaker who spent three months in Thailand has created the ultimate love letter to some of the country 's best beauty spots . Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming Thailand 's picturesque coastline , religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone . The result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why Thailand is a favourite destination for tourists . Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and beauty spots while visiting family in Thailand . Some of the best shots in the six-minute video reveal the beauty of Thailand 's picturesque coastline . Gabriel , who co-owns a video production company with a fellow cinematographer , filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui , in the Gulf of Thailand , during a solo trip to visit family . The video begins with a stunning shot of a white sand beach with the sun low on the horizon before showing a slice of paradise -- a small island surrounded by emerald green waters . Using a drone that retails from £ 500 , Gabriel 's high definition video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops , fishing boats on the calm sea and waterfalls . Gabriel Ng , a cinematographer from Seattle , filmed most of the scenes on the island of Ko Samui . Using a drone that retails from £ 500 , Gabriel Ng 's high definition video shows breathtaking scenery . The video shows scenes of everyday life - from fishermen preparing their nets to people relaxing by the sea . It also includes scenes of Wat Phra Yai , known as Big Buddha Temple , on the small island of Ko Phan . The temple is a popular tourist attraction thanks to its giant Buddha statue . The full-length video offers a glimpse into everyday life on the island of Ko Samui , plus scenes from a street party and fireworks exploding just feet from the drone . The US filmmaker captured scenes like this one using a camera attached to a remote control drone . Gabriel Ng 's high definition video shows fishing boats on a peaceful river , waterfalls and mountains . The video has been a hit with viewers on YouTube , with one user writing : ` This video deserves by far more views , you 've done an amazing work with just a GoPro and a drone , as it looks like the video was recorded by Discovery Channel ! ' It 's not the first time Gabriel has experimented with a camera-equipped drone . His company has produced aerial footage of weddings , Red Rock Canyon State Park in California and the Las Vegas Strip at sunrise .