They 're supposed to be the ones who take the rubbish away . But in one residential street , a local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer , dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway . His antics were captured on CCTV installed by frustrated residents in Oldham , Manchester , who had noticed the rubbish piling up . Residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman . Rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along Park Road in Glodwick before tossing them down an alley . Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later . They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to ยฃ 50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly . It was captured on video installed by resident Zed Liaqat who , along with others on the street , thought one of their neighbours had been dumping the bags there . ` For at least a year now we have had an issue with rubbish bags being dumped in the alleyway , ' said Mr Liaqat . ` There is always a pile of them there , cars drive over them because it is quite a busy passageway and the bags end up splitting and rubbish flies everywhere . ` For all this time I , along with fellow residents , assumed it was one of our neighbours and it has actually caused a bit of tension because we thought someone was doing this on their own doorstep . ' The footage showed the binman lifting the bags out o wheelie bins before throwing them to the side . Adnan Islam 's father had been sent a letter by the council inviting him to a recorded interview over the issue before the CCTV was obtained . After watching the footage Mr Liaqat was shocked to discover it had been council workers that were fly-tipping all along . ` When I watched it I was gobsmacked , it was a binman . You would have never thought it would be the people who are supposed to take the rubbish away . ` As a community we are shocked , something has to be done about this . ' Some of the residents had been sent letters threatening legal action if the rubbish was not cleared up . Adnan Islam , who also lives on Park Road , revealed how his dad received such letter which invited him to a taped interview at Oldham Council Offices with a view to having the matter dealt with in magistrates ' court . ` This has really worried my dad . The letter mentions court and says he will be arrested if he doesn ยน t attend the interview , ' said Mr Islam . ` After watching the video I have no doubt this is why my dad has been accused . ` When I saw the video I was stunned . We take pride in our area so we want answers . ' Local councillor Arooj Shah said ` individuals ' such as those shown in the video ` ruin it for everyone ' . An Oldham Council spokesman said the issue was being dealt with ` extremely seriously ' . ` Our staff must also lead by example . We are taking this matter extremely seriously and investigating it . ` We will not hesitate to take appropriate disciplinary action , where necessary , ' Helen Lockwood , Oldham Council ยน s executive director for co-operatives and neighbourhoods , said . Oldham Council had slapped stickers on the bin bags because they were not properly disposed of . It said it was investigating the footage .