Bayern Munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against Champion 's League rivals Porto last night . But not all eyes were on the pitch for the whole 90 minutes , as the German club 's manager Pep Guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy . To put it bluntly , he split his pants . A flash of upper thigh and navy boxers made themselves known as he strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Sartorial slip-up : Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola runs through tactics with his players , while ignoring the draft that has emerged at the top of his left leg . A hint of navy : Guardiola 's tight-fitting trousers before the tear -LRB- left -RRB- and after the rip -LRB- right -RRB- during Bayern Munich 's 6-1 victory over Porto . The Spanish tactician , who teamed his tight , grey suit with a navy pullover , black tie and crisp white shirt , joked after the clash : ` I 'll have to buy new ones for the next match . ' Guardiola would n't be the only famous face guilty of stepping into a suit that is a little on the snug side . The current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small , presumably to showcase a well-honed physique , has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind . So , who 's guilty of worshipping at the altar of super-tight slacks ? Russell Brand . Guilty . Dermot O'Leary . Guilty . Olly Murs . In danger of restricting the blood flow . Yes , it 's officially a wardrobe malfunction ... but has Guardiola simply fallen foul of wearing a suit that is a little on the snug side ? Blame 007 : Daniel Craig wore a close-fitting Tom Ford suit in 2012 Bond movie Skyfall ... and thousands of men followed the trend . And breathe ! If Beckham gets the snug look just right , his fellow Essex boys , including Jeff Brazier -LRB- pictured right -RRB- are guilty of going a little too tight . The rock star 's take on the whistle and flute : Harry Styles does n't bother with a jacket but his trousers are certainly skinny , while Russell Brand goes for a second -LRB- snake -RRB- skin with his casual version of the suit . King of the second skin ! Dermot O'Leary rarely wears a suit that could be described as roomy . The trend for a tighter fit has emerged in recent years with ` skinny ' , ` slim ' and ` heritage ' fits all offering a snugger-looking silhouette . Cast an eye back three years and the most recent incarnation of James Bond , in Sam Mendes ' 2012 movie Skyfall , was seen wearing the kind of form-fitting suit that makes you wonder how it might have been possible to wear it AND brawl on top of a train while hurtling through Turkey . Throughout the film , an unruffled Daniel Craig sported a grey , tailored suit by Tom Ford which may have been the catalyst for other celebrities wearing a similar look . During his just-ended eight-year reign on The X Factor , Dermot O'Leary 's suits have got progressively smaller , seeing him once forced to reach for a safety pin moments before presenting the live show . O'Leary said at the time : ` I remember having a wardrobe malfunction on The X Factor . ` I had this tight-fitting Alexander McQueen suit and felt the trousers rip ... from pole to pole , shall we say . I just had to skilfully apply a safety pin and hope for the best . It was terrifying . ' High street menswear retailer Hawes & Curtis told FEMAIL that figure-hugging clothes are no longer just for women . Not much room to give ! Olly Murs , who split his trousers on stage in Sheffield in 2012 , sails close to the wind again here while performing at the V Festival in 2013 . A thigh-ful ! Towie stars Dan Osborne and Joey Essex are both partial to leaving little to the imagination when it comes to formal wear . Edward Smith , head of brand for the company said : ` The skinny look has taken over everyone 's wardrobe , regardless of gender . ` Men have been wearing tight T-shirts and shirts for a while now - our best-selling shirt is now an extra slim one . ` Remember , men do n't want to look great at the weekend and then put on a baggy old suit for the working week . The office is just as much their chance to shine , so suits have had to go through a skinny transformation as much as any other garment . ' Other stars who 've fallen foul of their own outfits exposing them include fellow X Factor presenter Olly Murs , whose penchant for clothes that show off his best assets saw his trousers split as he performed on stage at Sheffield Arena in 2012 . Wearing a matching burgundy waistcoat and pants , the star was dancing on his knees when the fabric covering his undercarriage gave way revealing sparkling white pants . For more examples , you only have to wander to the streets of Chelsea or Essex , as the reality television stars who grace our screens on The Only Way is Essex and Made in Chelsea do n't appear to own a more roomy suit between them . Towie star Dan Osborne is clearly proud of his buff body and regularly showcases it in slimline attire and Joey Essex is also partial to a tight pair of strides . While David Beckham rarely gets it wrong these days when it comes to fashion , he is definitely also a fan of a tight suit , and arguably carries it off to perfection . What do the fashionistas make of the super-snug suit ? Fashion blogger Simon Glazin is n't convinced by the current trend . He told FEMAIL : ` Over the last couple of years , terms like ` super skinny ' and ` ultra skinny ' have been adopted by menswear retailers when it comes to suiting , and to be quite honest , they scare me . ' ` There 's the circulation-restricting connotations the words ` ultra skinny ' bring with them but also the simple truth that a too-tight suit can be quite hideous to look at . ' Men are in danger of going for a debonair look but can end up revealing way too much , he adds . ` You do n't want to show the world everything you 've got ! ` Some things should remain , erm , under wraps . You find bigger men stuffing themselves into these skinny suits , and the results are disastrous . ` As male models get thinner , so do suit cuts , but this is NOT representative of this country . Us men with ` real ' bodies need suits that do n't feel restricting . And do n't restrict blood flow . ' Who should you go for if you want comfort and style ? ` Designer labels such as Versace and Salvatore Ferragamo offer suits that have a bit of breathing room . ' Let 's hope Pep , Dermot and Olly are reading .