An eight-year-old girl from Australia is well on her way to building a successful business empire after it was revealed that her playful videos , featuring her easy-to-follow confectionery recipes , are bringing in around $ 127,000 a month in ad revenue alone . The mini-Martha Stewart , who is known simply as Charli , has turned her popular channel , CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube 's largest food channel in less than three years - beating household names such as celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to claim the prestigious -- and lucrative -- title . According to data compiled by online video advertising company Outrigger Media , Charli 's channel earned the young entrepreneur an estimated $ 127,777 -LRB- AUD $ 163,893 -RRB- in March alone -- and that is after YouTube 's share of the profits . Scroll down for video . Mini-Martha : Charli , an eight-year-old from Australia -LRB- pictured -RRB- , makes an estimated $ 127,000 -LRB- AUD $ 162,472 -RRB- per month from the ad revenue generated from her popular YouTube channel CharlisCraftyKitchen . In comparison , Mr Oliver only earned an estimated $ 32,261 -LRB- AUD $ 41,347 -RRB- in ad revenue from his channel 's 6.9 million views last month . Meanwhile , Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee , who serves as the channel 's ` chief taste tester ' , are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos . CharlisCraftyKitchen , which features child friendly tutorials for making everything from Minnie Mouse pops out of Oreos to princess teacup cookies , also has more than 320,000 subscribers who eagerly await their weekly posts . The tutorials even have their own short opening credits featuring Charli and Ashlee 's cartoon likenesses , with one of the girl 's singing : ` Welcome to Charli 's Crafty Kitchen where you can eat what you make ' . Big numbers : Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee 's how to video on making Frozen-inspired ice pops has earned 57 million views since it was posted last July . Being silly : The sisters made a mess while eating their ` shark ' Jello cups . Many of clips are inspired by the holidays , with a demonstration on how to make a Kit Kat Christmas cake receiving more than two million views since it was posted in December . One particular video featuring a simple recipe for ` rainbow ' donuts has been watched more than 6.5 million times after it was shared in 2014 . But that 's nothing . A video which sees the dynamic duo creating Jello ` tip ' ice pops inspired-by the hit Disney film Frozen has amassed an incredible 57 million views since it was posted last June . Charli earned another million views after she advertised the clip on her Facebook page yesterday , writing : '56 million YouTube views must mean these # Frozen inspired popsicles are REALLY tasty ! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Disney kids : Charli and Ashlee used icing and m & m 's to make Cinderella brownie jar treats . ` My -LSB- two -RSB- - year-old loves watching this video and we make them all the time . They are a huge hit in our household . Thank you , ' one mom commented , while another joked : ` My five-year-old might account for a few hundred of -LSB- the views -RSB- . ' Charli started CharlisCraftyKitchen in 2012 when she was only six-years-old according to her channel 's description , which notes that she ` has always been passionate about her craft and being in front of a camera ' . But Chali is n't the only kid making big money off of beloved YouTube videos . Mark and Rhea , the parents behind the popular YouTube channel Hulyan Maya , are expected to earn $ 1.5 million dollars from ad revenue in 2015 alone from their videos of their three children playing with toys . Looks good : Charli can be seen putting the final touches on a Minnie Mouse pop made out an Oreo cookie . Made with love : The girls end every video by trying their delicious treats .