Andrea McVeigh , 44 , has been left scarred for life after being knocked down by cyclist . A woman has been left scarred for life after being knocked down by a cyclist who was riding on the pavement . Pedestrian Andrea McVeigh was sent crashing face-first into the concrete after being hit from behind by the rider . The cyclist fled the scene , chased by the 44-year-old 's husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood . The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead , as well as other facial and hand injuries . Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash , which happened in Bermondsey , south London on April 14 . ` I got hit by a speeding cyclist on the pavement , ' said Mrs McVeigh . ` He needs to be caught . ` I 'm now scarred for life . It was as bad as being hit by a car . ' She told how the cyclist initially stop after the impact and appeared to be locking his bike up , but then sped off . Mrs McVeigh said the rider turned around and smiled at her husband , who was chasing him , as he disappeared . ` The cyclist knew an ambulance and police were coming yet sped off , ' she said . ` He knew the damage , saw the blood . ` Currently I 'm now off work sick , with two black eyes , a swollen nose , stitches and feeling very scared to go out onto the street . ' The police have now issued an appeal about the shockingly callous incident , which happened at about 6 pm . Sergeant David Hunt said : ` The victim sustained significant facial injuries and If not for her husband and a member of the public stopping to help she would have been left on that footpath . ` I would encourage anyone who recognises him to contact us immediately . ' Police have launched a hunt for the mystery cyclist who allegedly mowed down the 44-year-old . Chief Superintendent Zander Gibson , Borough Commander for Southwark , said : ` It must have been an awful encounter for the victim , both physically and emotionally and she has my heartfelt sympathy for what she went through . ` We sent an officer to the scene and they completed an investigation . ` There was a delay in following this investigation up but I am confident we are now taking appropriate steps to identify the person responsible . ' The impact happened outside the Sainsbury 's Local in Tower Bridge Road , Bermondsey , pictured .