Stoke City manager Mark Hughes plans to make the Britannia Stadium pitch bigger to suit his side 's passing style of play . The Potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League - along with QPR 's Loftus Road and Tottenham 's White Hart Lane - but Hughes is keen to extend its current 100m x 66m parameter . The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m . Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size . Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is planning to extend the pitch at the Britannia Stadium for next season . The Potters boss is keen for the Britannia Stadium playing area to be extend to suit his side 's playing style . The Britannia Stadium pitch is the joint smallest along with the Loftus Road and White Hart Lane playing area 's . Stoke have enjoyed an impressive season under Hughes and play much less direct than past Potters sides . Arsenal , Manchester City , Manchester United and Newcastle all currently comply with the regulations and have pitch sizes of 105m x 68m . However , exceptions are allowed ` if it is impossible to comply with rule K21 due to the ground 's construction . ' Everton , Liverpool and Chelsea are three of the ten clubs who do not currently comply with the regulated size . Queens Park Rangers ' Loftus Road pitch is the smallest pitch in the Premier League this season . Tottenham 's White Hart Lane is also one of the smallest pitches in the top-flight with parameters of 100m x67m . Former Stoke boss Tony Pulis insisted on using the minimum measurements allowed when the Potters were promoted to the Premier League back in 2008 in order to contain the opposition . The smaller pitch also benefited former midfielder Rory Delap , whose launched throws into the area led to a number of Stoke goals during the club 's formative years in the top-flight . Back in 2011 , Stoke were actually forced to extend the width and length of the pitch after qualifying for the Europa League . However , Hughes has completely overhauled the club 's playing philosophy since taking over the Britannia Stadium hotseat in 2013 - the club are much less direct now - and is set to expand the pitch by at least 15ft for next season . Former Stoke boss Tony Pulis insisted on using the minimum pitch size allowed when the club were promoted . Stoke were famed for their direct style of play and scored plenty of goals from Rory Delap 's long throws .