Shabana Bibi , died in hospital on Saturday April 18 . The heartbroken brother of Pakistan 's latest ` honour killing victim ' - allegedly burned alive because she left the house without permission - said he will set himself alight if he does not get justice . Shabana Bibi , 25 , from the Muzaffargarh district of the country , died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh . Bibi 's brother , Muhammad Azam said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out . His father then beat Bibi before dousing her with petrol on April 17 , Azam alleged . Bibi had been married to Siddique for three years , during which time she had suffered repeated domestic abuse because the couple could n't have children , her brother claimed . Azam says police have not provided him with a copy of the crime report despite repeated requests . ` I would set myself on fire in front of the office of the district police chief if I did not get justice , ' he said . District police chief Rai Zameer-ul-Haq said : ` We have arrested the husband and father-in-law of the deceased woman and charged them for murder and terrorism . ' The charge of ` terrorism ' is regularly applied in such cases to quicken the legal process . Bibi -LRB- not pictured -RRB- had been married to Siddique for three years , during which time she had suffered repeated domestic abuse , according to her brother . But Naseem , the investigating officer , now says police have no doubt Bibi committed suicide . He said the police investigation will end if three people from the area take an oath on the Quran claiming Bakhsh is innocent . He said police have asked the men to visit the police station tomorrow so the oaths can be made . Hundreds of women are murdered by their relatives in Pakistan each year through domestic violence or on the grounds of defending family ` honour ' . The Aurat Foundation , a campaign group that works to improve the lives of women in Pakistan 's conservative and patriarchal society , says more than 3,000 women have been killed in such attacks since 2008 .