The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby , MailOnline can reveal today . The couple , whose second child is due on Saturday , returned to their London base , just a few minutes ' drive from the private Lindo Wing at St Mary 's , Paddington , on Sunday night after spending the weekend at Kate 's family home in Berkshire , where they took a trip to their local farm park . The news came as Kensington Palace revealed William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks ' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess . Scroll down for video . Reunited : Prince William , pictured with his wife last month , has finished his air ambulance pilot training early so he is guaranteed to be with the Duchess of Cambridge when she goes into labour . Change : Until today the second in line to the throne , who is a trainee pilot with the East Anglia Air Ambulance in Norfolk , had been expected to still be working around the time his wife is expecting their new baby . A royal spokesman announced that the second in line to the throne had completed his latest stage of his training as a pilot with East Anglia Air Ambulance -LRB- EAAA -RRB- ` earlier than expected ' - and would not be required to embark on the final stage until June 1 . The future king had already announced that he planned to take two weeks ' statutory paternity leave after the birth . With his enforced absence from work happily coinciding with the birth of his second child , William will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave , aides said , with immediate effect . Good timing ? Prince Harry , pictured in Australia , also announced today that he will be back in the UK to watch the London Marathon on Sunday , meaning he may also get to meet his future niece or nephew . The palace also announced that Prince Harry , who is currently on deployment with the Australian Army , will briefly return to the UK this weekend to present the winners ' medals at Sunday 's London Marathon and , if all goes to plan , meet his new niece or nephew . Harry -- who is soon to drop down a place in the line of succession to fifth -- is already travelling over to attend the Gallipoli Campaign centenary commemorations with his father , Prince Charles , on Thursday . The prince , who is patron of the London Marathon Charitable Trust , will return to Australia on Monday to continue his placement . The Mail understands that in recent days the Duchess , who carried out her last public engagement in March , has been taking her mind off the impending birth by spending a few days with her parents , Michael and Carole Middleton , at their sprawling Georgian mansion in Bucklebury , Berkshire . On Sunday she and Carole took her eldest son , Prince George , for a visit to nearby Bucklebury Farm Park where youngsters can meet a variety of animals from lambs to wild boar and enjoy a large outdoor playground . The little prince is a frequent visitor to the park with both his mother , nanny and grandmother . Kate appeared unbothered by her pregnancy , according to onlookers , as she carried and cuddled George , accompanied by a low-key Scotland Yard security detail . The family returned to London on Sunday night to make last minute preparations for the latest addition to their family , who will become fourth in line to the throne . In a statement today a Kensington Palace spokesman confirmed that William , who is employed by a private company , Bond Air Services , while working for the EAAA , had sailed through his initial training so quickly that he would now be able to be with his wife both before and after the birth . Plans : Kate plans deliver her child at the Lindo Wing , where the cost of giving birth naturally is up to £ 10,000 , and where their son George was July 2013 . They said : ` The Duke of Cambridge has completed the first phase of his in-work air ambulance helicopter pilot training with Bond Air Services earlier than anticipated . ` This is due to a combination of The Duke performing well in the various modules and having very good flying conditions that allowed flight training and assessment to progress more quickly than had been planned . ' The Duke was the first member of the Royal Family to take advantage of statutory paternity leave , which was introduced in the UK in 2003 . After the birth of his son George he took two weeks off while working on Anglesey . With his second child due on Saturday William will now be off work until June 1 , although it will be unpaid , Palace sources say . Government rules state fathers are paid £ 139.58-a-week for a maximum of two weeks . It is understood the Prince will not claim it . Fathers are entitled to two weeks paid paternity leave and up to 26 weeks ' additional paid leave if the child 's mother returns to work . The spokesman explained that given the lengthy gap between now and the final stage of his training , the prince has been on unpaid leave since Friday . He will undertake a handful of public engagements in late May , likely to include joining his grandmother , the Queen , at a Buckingham Palace garden party , before recommencing his training at the start of the following month . His spokesman added : ` His final block of in-work training requires an uninterrupted three week block of working time and the availability of the new EC145 helicopter that will be used for missions . This has always been scheduled to commence on 1st June , following a pre-planned period of official royal engagements in late May , details of which will be announced in due course . ` As he now will not have any further training to complete after returning from paternity leave , he will not return to duties with Bond until that time , and will remain on unpaid leave until then . ' While it is unlikely the new little prince or princess will become monarch , it is not unheard of . The Queen 's own father became George VI after the abdication of his elder brother , Edward VIII , over his love for American divorcee Wallis Simpson . The current monarch celebrated her 89th birthday quietly with her husband , Prince Philip , at Windsor Castle where she is holding Easter Court . Not only has she now entered her 90th remarkable year , but the Queen will soon also become the longest reigning monarch in British history .