Rocker Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he ` threatened to kill ' his former fashion designer lover . The ex Bon Jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' , Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal . Sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19 . His shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later . Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Sambora is a ` person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats . Scroll down for video . Everything was rosy between the ex Bon Jovi guitarist and his lover and business partner Nikki Lund last July . But Lund has claimed in a statement to police that Sambora recently threatened her saying he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her , ' Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal . The rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava but faces questioning when he returns . Lund , 33 , founded the Nikki Rich clothing line with Sambora and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on-off personal relationship for eight years . When their affair ended it plunged the business partnership into turmoil , just as the duo were preparing to open a boutique on swank Robertson Boulevard . Sambora 's alleged threat came just days after Lund launched her first signature solo show at the opening of LA fashion week on March 18 . ` They are in the midst of unraveling their fashion business Nikki Rich , ' a source told Daily Mail Online . ` Things have become very bitter in recent weeks . ` The threat happened in the midst of Nikki launching her solo line . Richie apparently went mad on the phone at her and threatened to kill her . ` He said words to the effect that he was going to dig a hole in the desert and bury her . ' Nikki , a close childhood friend of Kim Kardashian , filed a report Wednesday night with detectives from the Lost Hills Sheriff 's Station . Back to back : The couple posed for the cover of the new edition of LA Fashion Magazine before they went their separate ways . ` She held off going to cops hoping that the situation would resolve itself , ' added the source . But after advice from lawyers and business associates she made the report . ` Richie has been drinking heavily for months and acting erratically . ` He has threatened violence in the past . ' Nikki and Kim K are friends from way back . Lieutenant Jennifer Seetoo confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Sambora is a person of interest in the case . Under Californian law making criminal threats can be a felony offence punishable by up to four years in jail . ` A report was taken regarding criminal threats , ' Lieutenant Seetoo said . ` It 's an active investigation . ' A representative of Mr. Sambora said there was no truth in Nikki Lund 's claims . ` This is a cluster of fabricated lies in retaliation for Mr Sambora 's decision to cease further funding of the unprofitable partnership , plain and simple , ' said the rep. Sambora suddenly quit Bon Jovi during their 2013 world tour because of ` personal issues ' . The New York Post later reported that Jon Bon Jovi had kicked out his longtime songwriting partner due to substance abuse issues . Sambora and Lund reportedly began their romance in 2006 - a year before his divorce from Dynasty actress Locklear was finalized . Denise Richards dated Sambora . Sambora is believed to be in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and their daughter Ava . They are said to have carried on seeing each other despite Sambora going on to date another Hollywood beauty , Denise Richards . The long-time fling became public last December when Lund was doing publicity for the new fashion line . The curvy blonde confessed to Playboy TV : ` He 's amazing in bed ... how could you stay away from the guy ? ' Their joint venture collapsed at the last moment , however , despite the pair appearing on billboards together and on the cover of Los Angeles Fashion magazine . Sambora is now dating Australian guitarist Orianthi despite a 26-year age difference . Lund 's attorney declined to comment on the complaint . Current squeeze : Sambora is now dating Australian guitarist Orianthi despite a 26-year age difference .