From Victoria Beckham to the Duchess of Cambridge , our favourite celebrities always dress to impress . But if you thought they rolled out of bed and picked up the first thing in their wardrobe , you 're mistaken . The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed and they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure . FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure . Scroll down for video . The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed and they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure . COMBINE NAVY AND BLACK . The fash-pack have long championed head-to-toe black , but they 're shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes . Navy rocked the runways , from Calvin Klein to The Row , and the likes of Victoria Beckham and Rita Ora ca n't get enough of it . As our favourite stars prove , combining trusty black with elegant navy is both chic and flattering . Victoria Beckham , left , out and about in New York and , right , at a news conference at the U.N. headquarters , proves that navy and black is not only the season 's hottest colour combination but also super flattering . Plus , everyone looks good in navy because it suits every type of skin tone . Because it 's slightly less severe than black - yet equally sophisticated - it puts an updated spin on a classic . Global style icon , the Duchess of Cambridge , is rarely spotted in dresses that do n't come in her favourite dark navy and black - both of which she has worn almost without exception for evening appearances since announcing her pregnancy in September . Already a fan of inky day wear , since giving birth to Prince George in July 2013 , black and navy have become an increasingly important part of her evening wardrobe . Over the past year , Kate opted for a £ 2,145 bespoke Jenny Packham dress - complete with a glittering crystal fern - for a reception on her final night in New Zealand . She also won style plaudits when she teamed a black Hobbs top with a blue Jenny Packham skirt . Alicia Kite and business partner and stylist Kay Davidson mused : ` A darker colour will always make you look slimmer and the combination of navy and black together is a great way of camouflaging a few pounds without dressing head to toe in black . ' The Duchess of Cambridge is rarely spotted in dresses that do n't come in her favourite dark navy and black these days and she proves the power of the colour combination , left , in a navy Jenny Packham gown for St Andrew 's 600th Anniversary Ball in New York and , right , Hobbs and Jenny Packham for a reception earlier this year . CONTRAST PANELLING . Make like Kate Moss and Cara Delevingne and opt for dresses with cut-out designs in sheer fabrics . The use of side panel creates an hourglass shape and gives the illusion of a thinner waist , more shapely figure , as well as hiding imperfections . ` There are plenty of dresses on the market that use the illusion of contrasting panelling down the sides of your hips and thighs , ' says Lydia Jones , founder of wantherwardrobe.com . ` This creates a thinner illusion and can also be used around the waist to cinch you in and give the illusion of an hourglass figure , which waif-like Kate Moss showcases to perfection . ' The use of side panels , as seen on -LRB- L-R -RRB- Kate Moss , Cara Delevingne and Yasmin Le Bon , creates an hourglass shape and gives the illusion of a thinner waist , more shapely figure and hides imperfections . As well as using sheer panels to accentuate your waist , you can also make like Kate Moss and use them to elongate your legs . GO HIGH-WAISTED . They 're the hottest shape of the summer and trendsetters Amal Clooney and Chrissy Teigen are already trialling the look - and you should be rocking high-waisted trousers , too . Contrary to popular belief , high-waisted trousers can flatter every figure . Whether you 're looking to jump on the season 's trends with high-waisted jeans or you 're a mature woman looking to hide your tummy , the style can work wonders for you . If you 're plus-size , opt for flared versions to flatter , if you 're petite , team the style with sky-scraper heels to elongate your legs . The one universal golden rule for pulling off the look is sticking to a simple top - avoid jumpers and bulky styles , which will draw attention to your waist for the wrong reasons . Contrary to popular belief , high-waisted trousers can flatter every figure . Whether you 're pear-shaped like Kim Kardashian , left , or have a more boyish shape like Pixie Lott , right , the style can work for you . GO CHROMATIC . One of the most simple ways to look chic is by sticking to one colour palette - and the more neutral , the better , notes ELLE magazine . Kim Kardashian is a star who adheres to this - and pulls it off with aplomb . The A-lister loves neutral tones - such as peach and cream - which flatter her Armenian skintone . Other hues to look for when constructing an outfit include nude , grey , navy and black , which are understated yet chic . One of the most simple ways to look chic is by sticking to one colour palette , such as a peach hue like Kim Kardashian , left , and the Duchess of Cambridge , right . BELT IT UP . Accessoring with a belt is both practical and stylish and a simple belt can totally modify your outfit . Wearing your belt around your waist -LRB- just below your bust -RRB- will create a feminine hourglass silhouette . Use a belt to cinch a chunky knit , a slouchy T-shirt , a billowing blouse , a sundress -LRB- a la Gigi Hadid -RRB- or even over your coat or blazer for a more tailored look . Another simple and flattering ways to accessorise your outfit is via a nude heel . The miracle worker instantly creates longer , more toned legs and - as the Duchess of Cambridge proves - can pull together any outfit . Kite and Davidson concur . ` Ladies , if you do n't own a pair , this has to be your purchase this season . ` They will make your legs look longer and slimmer , however it 's not enough to only think about the shade because you also need to consider the style . The chunkier the shoe , the more likely it is that it will add weight to your leg so we recommend investing in a nude shoe that has enough attitude to reflect your personality but is also elegant enough to be a classic . ' Accessoring with a belt is both a practical and stylish way to flatter your figure - just ask Gigi Hadid , left , and style icon Olivia Palermo , right . Another simple and flattering ways to accessorise your outfit is via a nude heel , which , as the Duchess of Cambridge proves , can pull together any outfit . GO LONG . Duster coats and lightweight styles that just graze the floor are perfect for spring dressing . Rihanna , Victoria Beckham , Miranda Kerr and Kim Kardashian are all huge fans of floor-sweeping coats , which help elongate the figure by tricking the eye into seeing a longer , leaner silhouette . Team the garment with jeans -LRB- skinny or boyfriend styles work well -RRB- and vertiginous heels . Rihanna is a huge fan of floor-sweeping coats , which help elongate the figure by tricking the eye into seeing a longer , leaner silhouette . DRESS FOR YOUR SHAPE . Whilst all of these styling hacks can work wonders , it 's always important to dress for your shape , advises Lydia Jones . ` Everyone has different body shapes , whether it 's hourglass or pear-shaped , and it 's always important to know what suits your body shape and how to dress yourself to accentuate your best assets . ` For an hourglass figure , accentuating the waistline is great for creating the illusion of a bigger bust and smaller waist . Using a waist belt with a dress is an easy option for this , whilst high-waisted trousers and skirts are also great for highlighting the waist . ` If you 're slightly pear shaped , an A-line midi skirt or floaty long length maxi skirt is great for creating a more balanced illusion and also drawing more attention to your top area . ' Alicia Kite and business partner and stylist Kay Davidson share their fail safe tips ... • Never underestimate what a well-fitting bra can do for your shape . It will lengthen your torso making you appear taller and definitely make you look slimmer too . • The fit of your clothing is crucial to flattering your body shape and enhancing your style . Your clothes should follow your curves to show you are a woman but not be so tight that it leaves nothing to the imagination ! • If you wear a looser top , pair with a narrower bottom as this will always make you look slimmer . • Wear a bracelet or a cuff to help elongate and flatter your arms . This will draw the eye away from the top of your arms - an area that most of us girls hate . • Wear a long scarf simply draped and worn loose to disguise any muffins . This tip is especially useful when you sit down .