This is the seven-bedroom Tudor stone mansion where real estate heir - and alleged killer - Robert Durst spent his formative years . And it could be yours for $ 3.8 million . The 71-year-old 's childhood home in Scarsdale , New York , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California . But realtors have glossed over the coincidence , and the checkered past involving Durst 's mother 's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 . On the market : This seven-bedroom , Tudor mansion in Scarsdale , New York , is where real estate heir Robert Durst grew up . Traditional : The property boasts century-old wood paneled on the ceilings and maids ' quarters as it hits the market for $ 3.8 million . The sweeping marble staircase is lifted from the original Waldorf-Astoria hotel , which Conrad Hilton labeled ` the greatest of them all ' Trial : Robert Durst , 71 , appeared in a New Orleans court on Thursday to defend his possession of a gun as he awaits his murder trial . The Zillow listing describes the property as ` meticulously maintained ' , ` grand ' , ` gracious ' , and ` elegant ' . With five fireplaces , a custom-designed chandelier and maids ' quarters , 27 Hampton Road is certainly no hovel . Would-be buyers could inherit a wood-paneled library , a three-car garage , an outdoor dining room and even a solarium . The marble staircase is lifted from the original Waldorf-Astoria , and the ceilings have traditional wood beams . Multi-faceted : The family home , which is described as ` grand ' and ` meticulously maintained ' , comes with a library and five fireplaces . ` Elegant ' : A number of the bedroom share this style of domed roofing with iron-paneled windows in traditional English style . Luxurious : Would-be buyers could get this marble-framed hot tub bath in on of the five the traditionally styled bathrooms . Grandeur : The listing , which has been up for seven days , emphasizes ` classic architecture ' that can accommodate ` relaxed living ' Chandelier : This is one of the facets Zillow highlights to emphasize the grandeur of the property . Solarium : The conservatory area has a wood-paneled glass ceiling and stone walls . Rural : The solarium looks out onto the leafy surroundings of the Scarsdale house in rural New York state . When he was seven , Durst 's 32-year-old mother either jumped or fell to her death from the roof of the family home in Scarsdale . The 71-year-old real estate scion is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in California appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession . Durst was arrested in the Louisiana city on March 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison , but has yet to be formally charged . And 12 years after being acquitted for the 2003 murder and dismemberment of his neighbor Morris Black , he is wanted for the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman . His defense team was expected to challenge the Louisiana case by accusing police of searching Durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . The 71-year-old real estate scion is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in California over the death of Susan Berman . The trials come twelve years after Durst was acquitted for the 2003 murder and dismemberment of his neighbor Morris Black . However , proceedings failed to gain momentum because no witnesses appeared for the trial . Durst 's defense team had subpoenaed two FBI agents and a state trooper - none of whom materialized . As Durst appeared to be sleeping as he was shackled in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing .