Today it 's the norm to order taxis using an app , but now a service lets its users schedule a delivery of drugs to their door . The app , called Eaze , has been dubbed ` Uber for weed ' and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver -- providing they live in one of the US states where the drug is legal . The Californian start-up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg , has just raised $ 10 million -LRB- £ 6.7 million -RRB- so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states . The app , called Eaze , has been dubbed ` Uber for weed ' and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver -- proving they live in one of the US states where the drug is legal . A screenshot from Eaze 's website is shown . The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska , Colorado , and Washington , with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC . A number of other states , including California and Nevada , have decriminalised the drug for medical use . Eaze claims to be aimed at people using the drug for medical reasons , to relieve arthritis pain , for example , making the process of buying drugs less risky for customers . ` Verified patients can order cannabis products through Eaze in just a few clicks and receive delivery in about 15 minutes , ' the start-up said . Users can scroll through cannabis on sale to choose the type they like -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , whether it claims to ` stimulate appetite and relieve pain ' or have a ` fruity , resinous flavour ' and order thewir chosen drug . The app then gives them an estimated time of delivery -LRB- pictured right -RRB- and instructions on how to pay . The Californian start-up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has just raised $ 10 million so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states . An app called High There ! which is officially described as the world 's first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts has rolled out globally . The network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views . At launch two months ago , the app was only available to users in US states that legalised cannabis . Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder . Denver-based Founder and CEO of High There ! Todd Mitchem , said that the app does n't encourage the sale of marijuana but is simply a social network for people who consider it part of their lifestyle . Denver-based Founder and CEO of High There ! Todd Mitchem , had a personal motivation for extending the reach of his app , because his mother used the drug to battle cancer , which Mr Mitchem claims saved her life . ` To you , that mother just like mine , fighting cancer in a state where the stigma still exists around weed , High There ! is here for you , ' he said . Users can scroll through cannabis on sale to choose the type they like , whether it claims to ` stimulate appetite and relieve pain ' or have a ` fruity , resinous flavour ' . The listings contain descriptions and lab results to help people ` find the perfect medicine . For example , it lists the percentage of tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- in the drug , which is the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high , as well as the percentage of Cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- which has been claimed to combat a range of conditions including depression , nausea , psychosis and even cancer . ` Eaze will dispatch the nearest driver to hand deliver your medicine in minutes , ' the company said . Users can see an estimated time for their delivery and can receive messages as it approaches . They pay by cash upon receipt of the drugs and can review the quality of the cannabis and delivery by rating the driver , who has been verified by the company thanks to background checks . ` Eaze will use this information to recommend future products and improve the customer experience , ' the start-up said . The app and website launched in July last year as the ` first on-demand application in the newly emerging `` Cannabis Technology '' category -- the intersection between the traditional high-tech and legal marijuana industries , ' according to the company . Eaze users pay by cash upon receipt of the drugs and can review the quality of the cannabis and delivery by rating the driver , who has been verified by the company thanks to background checks -LRB- illustrated above -RRB- . It quickly became popular in San Francisco , enabling more than 30,000 people who use the drug medically to buy it easily . Keith McCarty , founder and CEO , of Eaze said : ` The new funding enables us to expand rapidly by further developing our technology , building new dispensary partnerships and scaling our team for hyper-growth as we expand nationwide where marijuana is legal . ' David Chao , general partner with DCM Ventures , which invested in Eaze in November , said : ` With public sentiment and public policy aligning to broaden access and the cannabis market surging toward $ 100 billion , we believe there is a huge opportunity as the fast moving technology and cannabis industries intersect . ' The medicinal properties of hemp are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . A box of hemp treats for canines is shown . The medicinal properties of hemp are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . Hemp is legal and unlike cannabis , contains little tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- , which is the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high . There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp , believed to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight . Research has also suggested that CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down . Canna Companion , based in Sultan in Washington , uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs . ` Due in part to their small body size , dogs and cats can take advantage of small amounts of CBD , THC and other cannabinoids found in hemp and can therefore reap the benefits of this great plant , ' the firm said . ` We are not interested in , nor are we advocating the administration of , the well-known psychotropic compound THC , in concentrations sufficient to produce the ` high ' or psychotropic effects which are normally associated with marijuana . ` We are not advocating the administration of marijuana , by any route , to animals in order to produce medical benefit or to produce any psychotropic effect . '