Ed Miliband pledged to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers by promising a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers . Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers , the Labour leader said during an outing in Wirral West earlier today . A new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority , specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff , he added . But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband 's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration . Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband , pictured during his speech today , pledged to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers by promising a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers . The Ukip leader said he was right about some migrants being exploited but insisted it was not the main issue . He told Sky News : ` It 's a big diversion . Is he right that some people who come here are exploited and abused ? Yes of course he 's right , there 's no doubt there are problems out there . ` But it is not the main issue . The main issue is we have too many people allowed to come here which is pushing down people 's wages . ' In his speech Mr Miliband insisted that there was an ` epidemic of exploitation ' . He said : ` So many of the secure jobs that once defined the places people live have gone . ` Low pay . Low skills . Temporary jobs . Poor prospects . Zero hours contracts . This is the story of our economy for so many people in this country . ` And it is in these low skill , insecure workplaces where migrant labour is often concentrated . ` Too often this anything-goes economy damages the interests of the working people of the country . People who live in the most appalling , cramped conditions , sleeping 20 to a house ; people who are paid well below the minimum wage ; people who have their wages stolen . ' But Nigel Farage -LRB- right -RRB- and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire -LRB- left -RRB- dismissed Mr Miliband 's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration . In his speech in Pensby , northern England , Mr Miliband insisted that there was an ` epidemic of exploitation ' He added that the exploitation was driving down standards for other employers . ` It makes it harder for responsible employers to do the right thing and pay decent wages , ' he said . ` It is an epidemic of exploitation and we will end it . ' He also used the speech to promise Labour would do more to secure the borders - with 1,000 extra staff at ports - and help integration . This will include requiring people to speak English , particularly when they work in the public sector and NHS . Mr Miliband said : ` Labour got it wrong in the past . We have listened . We have learned and we have changed . ` Let me be clear . It is not prejudiced to be concerned about immigration . As Prime Minister , I will always address concerns not ignore them . As Prime Minister , I will always put working families first . ` That 's why we 'll have proper controls and rules because at the heart of our programme in 2015 is working people . ' He even referred to his parents fleeing to Britain from Nazi Germany in an attempt to win the audience round . The Labour leader , pictured greeting staff and students at Pensby High School , also used the speech to promise Labour would do more to secure the borders - with 1,000 extra staff at ports - and help integration . Meanwhile Prime Minister David Cameron -LRB- left -RRB- took part the Vaisakhi Nagar Kirtan procession at Guru Nanak Darbar Gurdwara with his wife Samantha -LRB- right -RRB- . He said : ` They found a country that welcomed them and offered them the opportunity to build a new life . To start a family . To work hard and make a contribution . ` I would n't be standing here today , asking you to elect me your Prime Minister , if it was n't for the generosity of this great country . ' Steve Murphy , general secretary of the building workers union Ucatt , said : ` This commitment demonstrates that Labour is serious about ending the misery caused by the exploitation of migrant workers and rightly targets the employers who profit through the mistreatment of workers . ' But Mr Brokenshire , speaking before Mr Miliband 's speech , said that ` nothing ' in Labour 's proposal would help . He said : ` Labour sent out `` search parties for people '' and under them net migration increased more than five-fold . ` Since 2010 , the Conservatives have stripped more than 850 bogus colleges of their rights to sponsor foreign students , cracked down on illegal working and sham marriages , made it harder for people to live in the UK illegally and reduced the number of appeal routes to stop spurious attempts to remain in the country . ` And the next Conservative government will seek changes to the operation of European free movement rules as a key part of our plan to renegotiate Britain 's relationship with the EU . ` A vote for Ed Miliband would risk all of that with a Labour-SNP stitch up . '