A man was arrested in Quebec on Monday after he was filmed allegedly threatening a mother , her husband , and their two children with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage . Manuel Delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday . Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children . Scroll down for video . Terrifying moment : Manuel Delisle -LRB- pictured -RRB- allegedly threatened a family with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage after the family attempted to follow him to record his license plate because he cut them off . After the video was posted at 7 pm on Sunday night to Facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views . Delisle was arrested on Monday following the release of the viral video . Children can be heard screaming and crying in the background of the chilling footage . ` In the heat of the moment , I kept filming ... . As a mother , I got very angry . I said , `` Before threatening my children , come and see me , '' ' Cyr told CBC Montreal . The man eventually went back to his car , says Cyr , after noticing that he was being filmed and that Cyr was calling police . ` I think the man noticed that , first of all , I caught it all on video , and he could see on my face that I was terrorized and he saw me call the police , ' said Cyr . Scared family : Karine Cyr -LRB- center -RRB- recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier -LRB- left -RRB- and their two children . Cyr said that when the incident occured , her husband Hermenier was driving the car and that her two children were in the back seat . Cyr said that Delisle was driving recklessly and cut them off so her husband Hermenier followed the driver to record his license plate number . The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that 's when Hermenier parked his car so that the other car could not leave . Hermenier said that 's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery . ` It was a terrifying situation , ' Hermenier said . Cyr says that in the future if she sees a driver being reckless , she will not follow him , especially if she is with her children . ` Everyone will react differently , but I would like to say that if you see dangerous driving , do not follow the driver -- the mistake that we made with two children in the back seat . We regret it tremendously . If it happens to you , pull over and just call police . ' Delisle is scheduled to return to court July 7 . He was released for the time being and ordered to stay away from the couple 's home and workplace and told not to communicate with them . Conditional release : Delisle released for the time being and ordered to stay away from the couple 's home and workplace and not communicate with them until he returns to court on July 7 .