A little boy with autism has sent his toy bear on a round-the-world mission to help him raise awareness about the disability . In January 2013 , Dorian Poe , from Burlington , Ontario , sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure , having been inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who , unable to live her own dreams of world travel , sent her teddy bear in her place . Hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition , Dorian decided to send his Ganz Webkinz bear , called Tikko , out into the world , carrying with him a message of understanding and tolerance for those affected by autism . Scroll down for video . ` It 's okay to be different ' : Dorian Poe , 11 , with his beloved bear Tikko , whose travels have raised awareness for autism all over the world . With the help and support of his mother Christine , Dorian , who was then nine years old , sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure in back in January 2013 . Now , the bear has circled the globe and then some , continuing to share his vital message , while inviting the world to join in with his journey online . ` When I first decided to support Dorian in his campaign , it was because I was happy to see him want to `` pay it forward '' ' Christine tells DailyMail.com . ` I fundraise each year to pay the $ 24,500.00 / year tuition it costs for Dorian to go to a special needs school . I was thrilled to support Tikko because Dorian had found a way to give back to our community ; a community that has been wonderful at supporting our fundraising efforts . ' Hello , my name is Dorian . I have autism , and so does my pet polar bear Tikko . Tikko is about to go traveling on an adventure ; and I need you to take care of him . My polar bear wants to raise autism awareness . Just call him ` Tikko the Autism Bear ' or ` Tikko ' . Guess what , this guy is much more different than the other polar bears you know . Things you should look out for : . To accompany Tikko the autistic bear on his adventures , Dorian included a letter explaining the characteristics and challenges involved in having autism -- using the toy to help other people understand what the various aspects of the condition can feel like . Each family who receivedTikko on his travels would take on the job of raising awareness in his or her community -- helping to spread Dorian 's message across the globe , while he remained at home in Canada . But the mother and son could never have known what a phenomenon Tikko would become . ` In January when Tikko took his first trip to Jamaica , I connected with another mom there whose child had autism , ' Christine explains . ` There was little to no support for autism in Jamaica . ' Hearing such a story from so far away , Christine began to research autism in the other countries Tikko was visiting , and she shared what she learned on the campaign 's Facebook page . And two weeks after the Tikko had begun his adventures , Christine became involved in coordinating them . After media attention grew , and demand for visits from Tikko increased , Christine received a donation of new Tikkos from toy company GANZ , who offered 600 bears to the cause in order to help the family cope with the overwhelming amount of interest . ` For the first few months there was only one Tikko , ' Christine explained . ` It was n't long before we realized we could reach people faster by having more Tikko 's available . So I wrote to GANZ -LRB- the maker of the Webkinz Polar Bear -RRB- , and to date they have donated 600 polar bears to us ! ' With so many Tikko bears in the mix , running the campaign became a full-time job for Christine . At the gate : Tikko made it to 24 countries in his first 10 months of traveling . A towering success : The little bear has made it to some of the world 's most instantly-recognizable landmarks . She keeps supporters informed with daily updates on Tikko 's location on Facebook and Twitter , receives new Tikko travel photos every day , and promotes the awareness campaign across autism networking sites . However , Christine says : ` No matter how busy I am , I always have time to listen and offer support to those dealing with the challenges of having a child on the spectrum . ' Tikko 's Facebook page documents every destination he has reached in dozens of photos . He 's posed at some of the world 's most famous landmarks , hobnobbed with A-list celebrities , and even scraped the skies in a daring aerial show , all the while broadcasting the important message splashed across his T-shirt : ` Autism ... it 's okay to be different ! ' The campaign has affected children all over the world who have autism , not in the least the young boy who started it all . A message in motion : Tikko spreads awareness with his motto : ` Autism ... it 's okay to be different ! ' Getting back to his roots : Tikko has even made it as far as the North Pole , which was a dream of owner Dorian . ` Dorian feels a sense of purpose , ' says mom Christine . ` He feels he is not only helping the world , but also his school peers . He 's gained confidence , and he 's made & kept friends more easily . ` He 's matured a great deal since starting his campaign . It has also brought us closer together -- we share a very special bond . ' Today there are still 20 Tikkos on the go , and the work is far from over . ` Tikko is still travelling , and will be for many years to come ! ' says Christine . ` He is just back from Kuwait , Lithuania , Nice and Scotland . He 's currently in Germany . ` Another Tikko is on the set of the Dragon 's Den . Another Tikko is packed and ready to visit Mount Fuji in Japan . The list goes on . Tikko is one busy bear ! '