The Prime Minister was dramatically interrupted by a ` health and wellbeing ' worker in the audience during the General Election TV debate last night , who shouted : ` I have to speak out ' . As David Cameron tried to answer a question Victoria Prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces . She was later removed from the studio . The mother told reporters afterwards that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question ` the 1 per cent at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests . Scroll down for video . ` I 'm sorry ' : As David Cameron tried to answer a question Victoria Prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces . Outspoken : Ms Prosser later told reporters that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question ` the 1 per cent at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests . ` She makes an important point ' : The Prime Minister was interrupted by the audience member at the debate . Wearing a sheepskin-style gilet , Ms Prosser - who is from Salford , where the debate was held - stood up and heckled : ` There 's homeless people on the streets that have been in the services . ' Debate moderator Julie Etchingham tried to stop Ms Prosser - who is reported to be a Green Party voter - and said : ` Not from the audience , thank you . ' But she continued : ` I 'm sorry , but I have to speak out because I 'm worried that at the end of the day there 's more of us than there is of them and they 're not listening to our concerns . It 's a real shame . ' Mr Cameron replied : ` The lady makes an important point which is that there are people who come out of our armed services who do have difficulties and that 's why we should be putting money into the armed forces charities that help homeless people and people also with mental health problems when they come out of our armed services . She makes an important point . ' Ejected : Ms Prosser said she was ` asked to leave , and they did it politely ' after the incident during the debate . Outside : Ms Prosser , pictured after the debate in Salford , said she works in ` health and wellbeing ' Speaking to reporters outside the studio , Ms Prosser - who describes herself on Twitter as a ` mum , coach , artist , wellbeing guru ' - said : ` My cause is speaking the truth and making sure as many people as possible start questioning people at the top , the 1 per cent , who are not working in our best interests . ' She added : ` I ca n't vote for anyone who I know is lying or omitting facts . That means I could n't vote for any of the people that I saw tonight . Even though some of them had good ideas , I know that they are all out for the same cause . ' Ms Prosser has previously retweeted anti-Ukip and Conservative posts on her Twitter feed . Explaining her intervention , she said : ` David Cameron mentioned giving a fair deal to everybody in this country , including people such as our fine military service people . ` Yes they are fine . But they are not treated fine after they have left the Army , when they are in poverty and destitution , homeless on the streets and no hope of getting housed . ` He is using their name just to garner votes , because it might be a vote winner . ' She said she came to the debate ` with an open mind ' but ` now I feel that a lot of it was prepared , in a way that they could make themselves look good ' . ` They do n't want to answer the toughest questions because they ca n't . ` They ca n't answer the questions on why all of their policies benefit those at the top and not the rest of us . ' She said she was ` asked to leave , and they did it politely ' after the incident during Mr Cameron 's remarks . Considerations : Ms Prosser said she came to the debate ` with an open mind ' but ` now I feel that a lot of it was prepared , in a way that they could make themselves look good ' Poking fun : Ms Prosser has previously retweeted anti-Ukip and Conservative posts on her Twitter feed . Who do you think won the leaders ' TV debate ? Who do you think won the leaders ' TV debate ? Now share your opinion . Ms Prosser , who said she works in ` health and wellbeing ' , added : ` All I want everyone to do is to start looking at the facts behind things and start realising that there are so many more of us than there is of them , that we can do a better job if we just start getting together and talking about how to do it . ' She said a lot of ex-military personnel were ` on the streets , suffering from homelessness , deprivation and poverty ' . Ms Prosser also raised concerns about environmental issues : ` There 's a lot of problems going on with backhanders , where fracking might be allowed . ' As she was surrounded by reporters and photographers , she added : ` There 's so many problems that I just felt I had to stand up and say something , especially since I gave them nearly a full hour and I find that they were still lying about a lot of the issues or , instead of lying , omitting the facts because that 's what they really do . That 's what they 've had a lifetime of training to achieve . ` That 's why they all come from the same posh schools and that 's why I 've never had a chance to get a say until tonight when you are all suddenly photographing me . ' Ms Prosser , who said she was not a member of any political party , expressed support for the group formed by former Happy Mondays dancer Bez . ` There might be some independent parties like the Reality Party that could do a better job , ' she said . University of Salford psychology graduate Ms Prosser states on her LinkedIn profile that she volunteers at a homeless project in Manchester and works for the Being Well Salford charity . She lives in a two-bedroom terraced house in the Ordsall area of Salford , about 30 minutes ' walk from where the debate was held at the ITV Studios at MediaCityUK .