A man has accidentally captured a bizarre clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs that lasted for over nine hours . Melbourne-based Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near Wangaratta , northeast Victoria , over the Easter long weekend . When he checked the nine hours of footage , Mr Czerniecki stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle , which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . Mr Czerniecki has since contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done , but he claims they 're unwilling to help . The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . Mr Czerniecki told Daily Mail Australia he had never spotted anything like it in eight months of using the trail cameras . ` I 've seen plenty of animals but never any dogs . It 's clear the kangaroo had a broken leg , and the dogs were just torturing it for such a long span of time . ' He said he has contacted Parks Victoria and the local council in hopes of tracking down the owners of the dogs . ` They were n't having a bar of it because it happened on a private property . I figure it ca n't be that hard to track down the owners in that area , ' he said . ` I think they should be told what the dogs were up to , but it 's clear the authorities are n't going to help . ' Jon Czerniecki serendipitously captured the encounter after setting up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm . Wildlife specialist Tim Faulkner said the kangaroo should have been able to escape the dogs and must have been ` suffering immensely ' Wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity , but the domestic origin of the dogs challenges this stereotype . Wildlife specialist Tim Faulkner from the Australian Reptile Park told 9 News he was disturbed by the video . ` I ca n't fathom that , he should be able to get away . No one likes to see animals suffer . We rationalise that by saying ` predators need to eat prey ' , ' he said . ` What we 're seeing there is immense suffering . ' Mr Czerniecki -LRB- pictured -RRB- has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done , but he claims they 're unwilling to help . Wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity , but the domestic origin of the dogs challenges this stereotype .