Hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in North Korea 's Pyongyang marathon - perhaps the most isolated international sporting event in the world . Around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's event under the constant watch of soldiers . The event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un . One of this year 's entrants Duncan Erasmus -LRB- far left -RRB- a 23 year-old software firm owner from Auckland ran in the full amateur marathon . Charles Kobold , a cable TV installation guy from the state of Wyoming , took gold in the 10 km race . There were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus North Korean entrants . Foreign professionals were not allowed to take part . Last year Will Marks , the British man who won the amateur half marathon category , revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos . Photography was also forbidden , but many runners flouted the rule . Photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people from Koryo Tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones . One of this year 's entrants Duncan Erasmus , a 23 year-old software firm owner from Auckland who ran the full amateur marathon , told MailOnline he was aware of being constantly watched but said the atmosphere remained jovial . Charles Kobold , a cable TV installation guy from the state of Wyoming , took gold in the 10 km race . The event starts and finishes at the Rungnado May Day Stadium or Kim Il Sung Stadium -LRB- pictured -RRB- every year . Local entrants to the Pyongyang marathon were joined this year by hundreds of runners from across the world . Runners praised the jovial atmosphere as thousands of supporters turned out to cheer them on . ` I did feel like I was in a bit of a bubble , ' he said . ` The North Koreans were very friendly during the run but outside of it there was a marked change . They were very cautious about interacting with us , whereas it felt like during the marathon they were allowed -LSB- to interact more freely -RSB- . ` Our cameras were confiscated by our tour guides -- although they asked us for them very politely . ` Although , like last year , some people managed to get through with cameras anyway . ' He added that alongside the thousands of supporters who came out to cheer them on was a huge number of soldiers strategically positioned to ensure that no-one stepped out of line or saw anything they were n't supposed to . ` The soldiers were stern and restrained in their actions but even they cracked the occasional smile , ' said Mr Erasmus . ` Their presence was everywhere -- you could always see the uniform . ` When I was running I noticed that they were positioned in places that could be deemed sensitive . For example , I saw three soldiers standing by an entrance to a construction site . They do n't like you photographing or even seeing construction . ' This year saw around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , join in the Pyongyang marathon . Entrants were ran past North Korean monuments on during the marathon , such as the Arch of Triumph . Photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people from Koryo Tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones . Around 5,000 westerners visit North Korea every year . All tourists face tight restrictions and must be accompanied by guides who work for state-owned companies . Free roaming is banned . In February authorities announced that the marathon would be closed to foreigners due to North Korea 's borders being closed to keep out Ebola , despite no cases of the disease being reported in the country . They reversed their decision shortly afterwards . Mr Kobold , a 30 year-old cable TV installation worker from the city of Casper , won the 10 km amateur race in the isolated country with a time of 40 minutes and 20 seconds . Speaking to MailOnline after the winners ' ceremony that took place in front of thousands of North Koreans in Pyongyang 's Kim il Sung Stadium , he described how he came second in last year 's 10 km run . Back then he fainted due to exhaustion before picking up his medal , but he had no such problems this time round . 2014 Winner : British runner Will Marks triumphed in the North Korean half marathon after the event was opened to foreigners for the first time last year . Photography was also forbidden at the marathon and other races but many runners flouted the rule . One of this year 's entrants told MailOnline he was aware of being constantly watched but said the atmosphere remained jovial . ` I only did the 10 km run but I felt like a million dollars -- I had 50,000 locals cheering me on in the stadium , ' he said . He added , ` A lovely Korean woman in traditional dress gave me a porcelain vase , which was instead of the medals they gave out last year . It 's pretty big , it 'll have to be my carry-on luggage when I go back to the US . ' The race , named the Mangyongdae Prize International Marathon after the late North Korea leader Kim il Sung 's birthplace , gave foreigners the rare chance to run through the streets of Pyongyang , which is home to the country 's elite classes . Thousands of locals came out in force to cheer them on . ` There was a festival atmosphere -- there were so many people waving and shouting `` Hurry up ! '' in Korean to me , ' said Mr Kobold . He added , ` I was high-fiving so many people . By the end my arms were in such pain from doing it , I could n't even wave to any more supporters . ' The marathon trip , like all other heavily-vetted tourist trips to North Korea , gave foreigners a sanitised view of the country . It gave foreigners the rare chance to run through the streets of Pyongyang , which is home to the country 's elite classes . A young runner takes a well-earned rest after competing in the event which also had categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus North Korean entrants . The race , named the Mangyongdae Prize International Marathon after the late North Korea leader Kim il Sung 's birthplace . The marathon trip , like all other heavily-vetted tourist trips to North Korea , gave foreigners a sanitised view of the country . Founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un . It offered no glimpse of the horrors that allegedly exist outside the version of North Korea authorities allow outsiders to see . Human rights groups claim that torture , infanticide and oppression characterise Kim 's dictatorship and are kept from view . But Simon Cockerell , general manager of Koryo Tours , the tour firm that Mr Kobold travelled with , told MailOnline that events such as the marathon were good for increasing interaction with the culturally-isolated country . ` It 's a good thing because anything that has foreigners interacting , even in the simplest way such as high-fiving , is positive , ' he said . He added , ` At this marathon any interactions were fleeting . But it was a spectacle and an opportunity for the locals to see hundreds of foreigners and for foreigners to see thousands of North Koreans . ' During his 10 km race Mr Kobold ran past landmarks such as the imposing Arch of Triumph and statues of late North Korean leaders Kim il Sung and Kim Jong il . He is staying in the Yanggakdo International Hotel before returning home . Despite Kim 's hatred of the US , and the fact that anti-US rallies regularly take place in Pyongyang , Mr Kobold found that western comforts were available in the hotel . ` You can easily buy Coca Cola there , ' he said . ` And I was pleasantly surprised to find Milka chocolate , which is originally from Germany , available . ' However , he said he was more likely to indulge in a few glasses of the local beer , Taedonggang , to celebrate his victory . ` I 've been enjoying it -- it 's a little spicy but it 'd stand up to a pint of Worthington 's , ' he said . Runners , in matching red tracksuits , lined up for the race which was closed to foreigners due to North Korea 's borders being closed to keep out Ebola , despite no cases of the disease being reported in the country . They reversed their decision shortly afterwards . Runners ran along the streets and past landmarks such as the imposing Arch of Triumph and statues of late North Korean leaders Kim il Sung and Kim Jong il . A man holds up a sign to help direct the runners in the 10 km amateur race during today 's Pyongyang marathon . A poster advertises the race in North Korea - possibly one of the most remote in the world - which was only opened to foreigners last year .