This is the 24-year-old mother who was allegedly shot dead by her Marine veteran husband in an Alabama doctor 's office after he wrote a chilling Facebook post saying he was going to ` die today ' . Leaj Jarvis Price was reportedly gunned down by Eric Heath Price , the 25-year-old father of her six-year-old son , on Monday after she ran into the surgery in Jemison screaming ` call the police ' . Price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with around 40 police officers for several hours , authorities said . When police fired tear gas into the house , he came outside . He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head . His condition remains unknown . He has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price , who was a nursing student . Scroll down for video . Shot dead : Leaj Jarvis Price -LRB- right -RRB- , a nursing student , was allegedly shot dead by her Marine veteran husband , Eric Heath Price -LRB- pictured , left , kissing Mrs Price -RRB- in an Alabama doctor 's office on Monday . Tragic : Mrs Price -LRB- pictured with the couple 's six-year-old son -RRB- was reportedly gunned down by her spouse , 25 , after she ran into the office in Jemison screaming ` call the police ' . Price then had a stand-off with police . On the day of the shooting , Price apparently posted on his Facebook page : ` I 'm sorry everyone , its been real , good bye and i love you all ' and ` I dei -LSB- sic -RSB- today . ' The page was taken down shortly after . Mrs Price , who lived next door to the doctor 's office with her family , is believed to have got into an argument with her husband , before running to the center , run by Dr Jay Patel , in a bid to get help . Court records show that the couple had been in a long-running custody battle over their son , who was at school at the time of the shooting and features in many of Mrs Price 's Facebook photos . When Mrs Price arrived at the doctor 's office , she screamed for help . Six or seven doctors rushed out to help , but when the suspect got inside , he allegedly pulled the gun and shot her in the head . Speaking to reporters on Monday , Jemison police chief Shane Fulmer said : ` There never was an active shooter , no hostages . The individual was shot inside the doctor 's office . ' He added : ` The first thing -LSB- Mrs Price -RSB- said when she came in was , `` Call the police '' . ' Charged : Price -LRB- left -RRB- was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head following the standoff . He has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price -LRB- pictured , right , in a Facebook photo -RRB- . Chilling post : After the shooting , Price -LRB- believed to be be pictured being taken to hospital -RRB- apparently posted on his Facebook page : ` I 'm sorry everyone , its been real , good bye and i love you all ' and ` I dei -LSB- sic -RSB- today ' After shooting his wife , Price then returned to the home and staged the lengthy standoff . At the scene , there was a series of loud pops near the house . Within moments an ambulance pulled up . Emergency workers could be seen loading a person into the back of the ambulance . The ambulance then left with its siren on . Police , however , confirmed that no shots were fired . Price remains in hospital under police guard . The house , meanwhile , has been cordoned off . A relative of the gunman confirmed to AL.com that Price was ex-military but insisted he did not have a history of violence . However , Price had experienced ` issues ' in the past , the relative said . ` I do n't know that there were any diagnosed issues or anything like that , ' they said . A relative of the gunman confirmed Price was ex-military but insisted he did not have a history of violence . Left , Mrs Price with her son several years ago , and right , a police officer points a weapon at a nearby home . The pair are believed to have gotten into an argument at this house before the victim ran into the doctor 's office , asking those inside to call the police . James Russell Curl , who manages a McDonald 's restaurant 200 yards from the doctor 's office , said he had heard a gunshot and police began arriving within moments . ` It 's a little scary , ' Curl said . Meanwhile , Jose Arreola , the owner of Chico 's tire shop , situated across the street from the doctor 's office , described seeing Mrs Price frantically trying to open the front door of the clinic . ` The guy was trying to get her , '' he told AL.com . ` The doctors came out to help her but he pulled a gun and shot her . ' He added sadly : ` She was laying there a long time . ' Price will be taken to Chilton County Jail following his release from hospital . An investigation is ongoing . Kristie Brasher , right , cries next to a friend in the aftermath of the shooting . The shooter is believed to be in custody and the district attorney 's office is preparing to file murder charges .