Facebook has admitted it made a mistake when a photo of an Alabama boy who was born without a nose was removed from the social media website because it was deemed to be too controversial . The photo of Timothy Eli Thompson that was removed when a pro-life group posted an ad about the infant 's story have since been reinstated . Little Eli was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . Scroll down for video . Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama and his mom put his photo on Facebook . Facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story . The social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake . Facebook reversed its decision after public protest , according to Yahoo Parenting . A Facebook spokesperson said : ` The photo in question is not in violation of our advertising policies or our community standards . ` The ad was mistakenly disapproved by a reviewer when it was initially submitted . ` When the advertiser challenged the disapproval , we corrected the error . ' A post about the removal of the photo by Eli 's mother Brandi McGlathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours , WKRG reported . Brandi said : ` I posted the status with a link about it saying no one 's going to keep me from posting photos of my child . ` If I can see completely distasteful things on Facebook all day long , then I can post a picture of my son . ` He was everywhere and he broke the internet ! ' A nationwide account has been created at Wells Fargo for the baby boy . Anyone can now walk in and donate . Eli 's parents , Brandi McGlathery -LRB- left -RRB- and Troy Thompson -LRB- right -RRB- are raising money for him on GoFundMe . Eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old . Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli 's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older . A family friend set up a GoFundMe page to help Eli 's parents pay for his care and there has been a nationwide account created at Wells Fargo for the baby boy . As a result , anyone would like to can walk into a Wells Fargo branch and make a donation to Eli Thompson 's account . Brandi wrote : ` He will have to have a tracheoomy & a feeding bag inserted into his stomach , which is also not what I expected . ` I would be so grateful for anything anyone could spare , but if you can not afford to help with money I will be just as appreciative for prayers for my sweet Eli . ` He has a long road a head of him & we need all the support we can get . ' Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli 's skull when he 's older which will allow him to breathe . After he was born , Eli was treated at the USA Children 's and Women 's Hospital in Mobile for three weeks . McGlathery , 23 , is diligently tracking the ups and downs of her baby 's progress on the Eli 's Story Facebook page . On April 14 , she wrote : ` Our poor baby had lost weight & has a case of granuloma . ` Silver nitrate has been ineffective , so we 're trying alternate routes . ` Praying they work , otherwise he will undergo a small surgery to remove it . ' Eli 's mother is worried about what her son will have to experience as he grows up . ` My biggest fear for Eli is that the world wo n't see him as the beautiful , brave little boy that I see him as , ' she wrote . No matter what , the mother-of-three calls him ` the most beautiful boy I 've ever laid eyes on ' .