Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs -LRB- genetically modified organisms -RRB- as ingredients . Steve Ells , the company 's co-CEO and founder , discussed the new development with CNN Money . ` It 's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients , ' he said in the interview . ` I mean , because we do n't have many ingredients in the first place . ' Scroll down for video . Fresh start : Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells , pictured , has said ` It 's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients ' Ells added ` You know , we 've always paid attention to the way we 've sourced food since we started 22 years ago . ` Like artificial colors , additives , preservatives . We 'd just rather not be a part of that . ' CNNMoney reported that the move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain . Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company 's burrito features upwards of 80 . Rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with GMOs -- with non-GMO corn , sunflower oil and rice bran oil now featuring as ingredients , CNNMoney reported . The New York Times reported that non-GMO canola oil will also be used . Simplified : Ells , seen in a Chipotle kitchen , has said the company has 68 total ingredients -- and another company 's burrito features upwards of 80 . On the rise : Last year , the Chipotle 's sales reportedly went up 27.8 % , and its stock went up approximately 350 % over a five-year period . However , CNNMoney noted GMO-feed is consumed by chickens and pigs Chipotle uses . During an interview with the financial news outlet , Ells said farmers are not currently ordered to use non-GMO feed . ` Now this is something that we would like to do eventually , ' he explained . ` There just is n't enough non-GMO feed at this point . ' Speaking about GMOs , Ells also said ` They say these ingredients are safe , but I think we all know we 'd rather have food that does n't contain them . ' Ells addressed Chipotle 's shortage of carnitas pork in stores in a separate interview with the New York Times . The shortage , the newspaper explained , is due to a pork supplier not hitting standards - meaning reduced sales . Ells told the Times ` We 're working with our farmers to plan enough of these -LSB- non-GMO -RSB- crops we need to meet our supply . ` With pork , it 's harder because we only need one part of the animal , the shoulder , and the farmer needs to sell the whole animal to make it work . '