Actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBO 's political comedy Veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Speaking in the latest issue of Marie Claire 's career-oriented supplement @Work , the 54-year-old , who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show , was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years , while also leaping to the politician 's defense . ` Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh ** for her hairstyles over the years , ' Julia , who also features on the cover of the supplement , explained . ` Which is remarkable when you consider what it is she does . ' Scroll down for video . Strictly business : Julia Louis-Dreyfus covers Marie Claire 's career-oriented supplement @Work , which is featured in the May issue of the magazine . Short and sweet : Julia revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBO 's political comedy Veep -LRB- pictured -RRB- was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Obsessed with her style : Julia , pictured in an episode from the fourth season of Veep , questioned why so many people have made such a fuss over Hillary 's hair during the past few decades . Ever since her husband Bill was elected as US President for the first time in 1993 , Hillary 's hair has been the subject of serious scrutiny , be it as a result of her choice of scrunchie , the length of her locks , or the shade of her hair . Julia admitted that she is clueless as to why the presidential candidate 's hairstyle has been the focus of such intense interest , adding : ` Hair , for some reason , is a really big deal . ' And it seems that maintaining her own lengthy locks was certainly a big deal to Julia , who opted to wear a wig while filming the show , instead of chopping her own hair to mirror that of her character . When asked to weigh in on female politicians in general , Julia noted that in her opinion , women in politics appear to be more open than their male counterparts . ` In my limited experience , I would say that female politicians can be a bit more forthcoming , open . I do n't mean they 're spilling the beans or saying things they should n't , but I do n't feel a guard in the same way , ' she said , adding , ` Maybe it 's a female-to-female thing . ' Sharp dresser : The 54-year-old actress dons a striped button down and a black pencil skirt in the work-inspired spread . As for her character on the show , Julia explained to the magazine that Selina is a ` straddler ' whose ideology revolves around getting 're - elected at all costs ' . But the actress has no problem playing an ` unlikable character ' . ` I do n't think we 're all so likable all the time , ' she explained . ` I include myself in that , and I do n't consider myself to be a bad person . ' In the fourth season of the hit show , which premiered on Sunday , Julia 's Selina has been promoted from Vice President to President after her boss surprisingly steps down . Big group : The entire Veep cast -LRB- pictured -RRB- came together earlier this month to celebrate the fourth season premiere of their hit political comedy . Happy couple : Julia 's husband , writer and director Brad Hall , showed his support for his wife at the event . And with her change in position , came a change in hair , which Julia also discussed with Page Six , explaining that ` female politicians get a lot of c ** p for their looks ' . ` There 's a lot of scrutiny about how female politicians present themselves , so I thought , let 's do something about that , ' she said . ` Let 's cut her hair and see what happens , and if it does n't look good , that 's OK , and if it does look good , that 's OK . ' Fans of former Seinfeld star Julia are also buzzing about her upcoming reunion with Jerry Seinfeld . On Tuesday it was announced that she would be making an appearance on her former co-star 's Crackle channel web series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee .