Inverness have angrily vowed to fight an SFA bid to ban Josh Meekings from the Scottish Cup Final . Meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic 's Leigh Griffiths in Sunday 's controversial semi-final . After losing 3-2 following extra-time , Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek ` clarification ' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident , when the Parkhead club were leading 1-0 . Inverness defender Josh Meekings prevents a goal-bound header from Celtic 's Leigh Griffiths with his hand . Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow after Inverness vowed to ` vigorously defend ' their player in a bid to clear him for the Final against Falkirk on May 30 . ` We intend to vigorously defend our player and are taking legal advice on the issue , ' said a club statement . ` We are extremely disappointed that this has arisen and the player himself is mentally shattered at the turn of events . ` Josh is keen to appear in person at the disciplinary hearing and we will most strongly support him by all means available . ' Celtic had goalkeeper Craig Gordon sent off in Sunday 's second half as their chances of a rare domestic Treble turned to dust . The decision to query the standard of officiating at the semi-final came after a huge supporter backlash , but prompted anger from fans of other clubs . Caley Thistle boss John Hughes said after Sunday 's historic victory that Meekings might have received a red card . Celtic captain Scott Brown -LRB- left -RRB- appeals to referee Steven McLean during the Scottish Cup semi-final . Celtic 's Adam Matthews -LRB- right -RRB- slides in with a strong challenge on Nick Ross -LRB- left -RRB- during Sunday 's game . Already missing defender Gary Warren from the Final , however , he insisted the alleged hand-ball had been accidental . ` If they are going to do that , I 'll just get the video tapes out and go back and say : ` What about this , what about that ? ' ` Who says he has done it on purpose ? ` For me that 's your initial reaction , you 're going to head the ball and your hand comes up . ` I 'm honest enough to tell you it 's one we got away with . But I do n't think it was deliberate . ` I think Josh went to try to get his head on it and his hand comes up . ` The referee never saw it , play on , one we got away with and it was probably the bit of luck we needed . ' Meekings himself posted on Twitter on Tuesday night , saying : ` Thanks for all the positive messages and support . Ca n't comment on anything , but I am seeing them and appreciate it . ' Celtic pair Aleksandar Tonev -LRB- left -RRB- and John Guidetti -LRB- right -RRB- look dejected following the semi-final defeat .