Tottenham striker Harry Kane capped off an ` unreal ' season as he beat off stiff competition to land the Professional Footballers ' Association Young Player of the Year 2015 on Sunday . Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season despite starting the campaign as third-choice striker , netting 30 goals in all competitions for the club while also scoring on his senior England debut . It 's been a memorable breakthrough year for Kane , who spent time on loan at Leyton Orient , Millwall , Norwich City and Leicester City before breaking into the Spurs first-team under boss Mauricio Pochettino . Harry Kane capped off an ` unreal ' season to land the PFA Young Player of the Year 2015 on Sunday . Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals for Tottenham this year in a dream breakthrough season . The 21-year-old arrived on Sunday having also been shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award . Tottenham striker Kane arrived at the PFA Awards on Sunday with childhood sweetheart Katie Goodland . Kane will be remembered by Tottenham fans after scoring a match-winning brace in the 2-1 win over Arsenal . PFA Player of the Year : Eden Hazard . PFA Merit award : Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard . PFA Premier League Team of the Year . PFA Championship Team of the Year . PFA League One Team of the Year . PFA League Two Team of the Year . PFA Women 's Player of the Year : Ji So-yun . PFA Women 's Young Player of the Year : Leah Williamson . The Tottenham striker was congratulated on social media , with the likes of Gary Lineker and Spurs taking to Twitter to show their support . Kane came through the White Hart Lane club 's youth ranks and he made his Premier League debut for Spurs during the 2012-13 season but it was n't until this season that he broke into the first-team . He struck a free-kick winner from the bench at Aston Villa in early November and was then given a run of games by Mauricio Pochettino , with fellow frontmen Roberto Soldado and Emmanuel Adebayor failing to deliver . And he has not looked back since . ` It is amazing . It is a very proud moment for myself and my family - hopefully the first of many to come , ' Kane said of his award . ` I have got to keep working hard , but to be recognised by your fellow players is something special and it is a night I wont forget . It is incredible , an incredible feeling . ` It is amazing . It is a very proud moment for myself and my family - hopefully the first of many to come , ' Kane said of his award . ` I have got to keep working hard , but to be recognised by your fellow players is something special and it is a night I wont forget . Kane tweeted before the ceremony : ` All set for the big night , big thanks to @paulsmithdesign for the suit ! ' In what has been a memorable breakthrough season , Kane also scored on his senior England debut . The England international also scored a brace in Tottenham 's 5-3 victory against Chelsea on New Year 's Day . The Tottenham striker was named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year on Sunday . 2 - Player of the Month awards won back-to-back by Kane , making him only the fourth player to do so in the Premier League . 3 - He scored his first Spurs hat-trick in the Europa League in 2014 , and even finished the game in goal after a red card for Hugo Lloris . 4 - Kane spent spells on loan at four different clubs before making his mark at White Hart Lane : Leyton Orient , Millwall , Norwich and Leicester . 6 - The striker had scored just six goals for Tottenham before a remarkable 2014-15 campaign . 8 - The age Kane was when he spent a year with the Arsenal academy . 20 - The number of goals hit by Kane in the Premier League alone so far this season . 21 - His age when he made his senior debut for England . 49 - Despite making this number of appearances this season , Kane wants to represent England in the Under-21 European Championships this summer . 79 - The number of seconds it took Kane to score in an England shirt after coming off the bench for a debut against Lithuania . 2015 - Kane has scored 16 goals since the turn of the year . ` It is incredible , an incredible feeling . ' Asked to sum up his season in one word , Kane went for : ` Unreal . ' Never doubting himself , had he been told 12 months ago this was his destiny , Kane said : ` I 'd have said let 's do it - let 's get it on . ` A lot has changed since then but I have always believed in my ability and have been waiting for a chance to express myself . I did n't think it would go as quickly as it has done but I have managed to ride the wave and the season has got better and better . ` I got the opportunity with the gaffer and I have really enjoyed my season so far - I have taken my chance and this is why we are here . ' Kane has been the shining light of the Tottenham side , and said : ` We have worked hard and I have worked hard to get to where we are now . It is going great and hopefully it is the start with more to come . ' His stand-out occasion of the season came not in a Tottenham shirt , but when Roy Hodgson ushered him into the England side , Kane scoring after 79 seconds of his debut off the bench against Lithuania on March 27 , in a European Championship qualifier . Asked for his favourite moment , Kane said : ` Making my England debut and getting that goal - it was a very proud moment . It made it even more special . ` For a footballer , to represent their country is the pinnacle , and I 'm very proud . I was able to do that and it was a moment I wo n't forget . ' Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino tipped the Chingford-born forward for even bigger things after he scored in the recent 3-1 win at Newcastle , to become the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker in 1992 to reach 30 club goals in a season . Kane beat off stiff competition from Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea -LRB- pictured -RRB- to win the award . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- right -RRB- was joined by team-mate Philippe Coutinho at the awards bash . Chelsea legend Frank Lampard , currently on loan at Manchester City , attended with fiancee Christine Bleakley . ` He has big potential , ' the Argentinian said . ` He is young and this is his first full season in the first team . We need to push him to try to improve his level because he has the potential to improve . ` He 's happy in the changing room and all his team-mates are happy , and I think all our supporters and the club are happy at his achievement . ' Kane captained the north London outfit for the first time in a goalless draw at Burnley earlier this month . He also helped Pochettino 's side reach the Capital One Cup final , where they lost 2-0 to Chelsea . Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has tipped Kane for bigger things , saying ` he has big potential '