After drawing praise for India 's operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit Yemen , Minister of State for External Affairs V.K Singh , who is spearheading the rescue exercise , found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media . The former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat . `` Friends what do you expect from presstitutes ... . '' Gen. Singh tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the Pakistan High Commission on the occasion of Pakistan 's national day . The comment evoked sharp reactions , with the Opposition demanding an apology from the Union minister . But the Bharatiya Janata Party -LRB- BJP -RRB- has distanced itself from the former army chief 's views . BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said : `` Twitter is a personal platform . The meaning of a tweet can be best explained by the person who has tweeted . '' But the comment has not gone down well with journalists , and the Broadcast Editors ' Association found the tweet to be offensive . The association 's general secretary , N.K. Singh , said that such comments damage the image of the government . Congress irked . The Congress also grabbed the opportunity to corner the NDA government and demanded that the minister be sacked . `` It is very unfortunate that a minister is using abusive language against the media . He is holding a very important position . It is for the prime minister to take a call on this , '' said Congress spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed . `` Singh 's statement shows utter intolerance and incapacity to hear any kind of criticism or dissent , '' the Indian National Congress said on its Twitter handle , quoting its spokesman Abhishek Singhvi . Another party spokesman Sanjay Jha tweeted : `` General V.K. Singh 's choice of dreadful terms to attack Indian media is not just politically inappropriate but seriously lamentable . '' This is not the first time when General Singh 's tweets have stirred a storm . The Union minister had tweeted `` duty '' and `` disgust '' soon after attending a reception hosted by Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit in New Delhi , where Kashmiri separatists were also invited . The Yemen rescue : Indian nationals in Dijibouti before taking off for Mumbai . Singh had represented the government at the Pakistan Day reception and his tweets were read as his displeasure . But the Union minister later clarified that his comment was directed at the media 's twists to the whole episode and that he was misinterpreted . The former army chief has vented his anger at the media several times in the past as well . He has used the word `` pressitute '' earlier , too , when reports pointing fingers at him for attempting a coup had appeared in the media . The latest episode has hit the government at a time when the flawless execution of Operation Rahat was being hailed by all . The mammoth effort saw 4,000 Indians being brought home safely from the war zone in Yemen besides many citizens of other countries . The former army chief is not known to mince his words . He is not the only one in the government who had uncomfortable relations with a section of media . With PTI inputs . ` Rahat ' brings Indians home from Yemen . By Mail Today Bureau in New Delhi . India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 -LRB- by air and sea -RRB- nationals during a gruelling operation in the war-hit Yemen . Operation Rahat , as the elaborate humanitarian assistance exercise was christened , has entered its last phase as not many are left to be pulled out from Yemen where Houthi fighters are resisting a Saudi Arabia - led offensive in a war that has left hundreds dead . The Houthis are a Zaidi group that takes its name from Hussein Badreddin al-Houthi , who launched an insurgency in 2004 before being reportedly killed by the Yemeni army . Led by Abdul-Malik al-Houthi , the group carried out a coup in 2014 -- 15 and as of now controls capital Sana'a and the parliament . Three warships , two IAF super heavy transporters , two merchant vessels and two Air India jets helped ferry Indians and some foreigners to safety . Officials said that air operations are being called off , but the naval warships will remain till the last person is evacuated . Minister of State for External Affairs V.K. Singh , who was in the centre of a storm for a remark against the media , led the evacuation operation from Djibouti located on the Horn of Africa across the Gulf of Aden . Singh had created a controversy on Tuesday when he said : `` Actually speaking , the operation -LRB- evacuation -RRB- in Yemen is less exciting than going to the Pakistani embassy . '' On Wednesday , he sparked fresh storm by referring to a section of the media as ` presstitutes ' . The Indians were taken out on warships and Air India planes from Yemen and brought to Djibouti before being sent home . It was a Herculean effort considering the numbers involved and the situation on the ground , which was deteriorating with every passing day . As the air operations were being called off on April 8 , naval warship INS Tarkash reached Djibouti from Al Hodeidah port with 74 people on board and INS Sumitra entered the Al Hodeidah harbour of Yemen on the Red Sea . Along with destroyer INS Mumbai , the three naval warships made several sorties from Djibouti to the three port cities in Yemen - Al Hodeidah , Aden and Al Mukalla - to bring back the stranded Indians who were told to assemble at these points from the hinterland . The ministry of external affairs coordinated smoothly with various agencies to ensure that the passage back home was safe and secured .