Gordon Brown has warned that the Scottish nationalists want an SNP vote in the General Election to force a second referendum on independence . The former prime minister said that SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon 's answers on the issue are ` all evasion ' . But that her party want ` chaos and constitutional crisis ' at Westminster to force another independence referendum . Scroll down for video . Gordon Brown , pictured campaigning this week , has warned that the SNP want to use the chaos after the election to force another referendum on Scottish independence and urged ` patriotic Scots ' to vote Labour . And he warned that those casting their vote on May 7 will be deciding the future of Scotland for the next few years . Mr Brown was speaking during a joint event with local Labour candidate and shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander at Elderslie Village Hall in Renfrewshire . He said : ` There is an SNP candidate in this constituency . She says vote SNP , get SNP MPs at Westminster and we will twist their arms and get another referendum . ` Remember what the SNP used to say - the referendum was once in a generation , then it changed a little to once in a lifetime , then it was once every 15 years and now when you ask Ms Sturgeon about this her answers are all evasion . She can not give a straight answer to the question . ` But does not the SNP candidate in this constituency tell the truth , that what they want is an SNP vote not to deliver social justice but to deliver the chaos and constitutional crisis at Westminster to as she said force a second referendum . ` And I say I do n't want the divisiveness , I do n't want the bitterness , I do n't want the acrimony , I do n't want the divisions between families and communities in the next few months that we had in the past few months . ' The former prime minister said that SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon 's answers on the issue are ` all evasion ' Mr Brown urged people to vote Labour to end the bedroom tax , food bank poverty , zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the NHS . He added : ` When you vote on May 7 remember that you are not just voting to end Tory austerity and the possibility of five more years of the bedroom tax and everything else , you 're also voting on whether you are going to allow the SNP to use your vote to try to force a second referendum on this country within a few months or after the 2016 Scottish Parliament elections . ' He also said that Labour will hold an economic summit immediately after the General Election to boost jobs , expand city deals , encourage investment and provide jobs and training for young people . Mr Brown also urged people to be ` proud patriotic Scots ' and back Labour 's plan for full employment in Scotland . He said : ` Patriotism means , yes , supporting a strong Scottish parliament , but it does n't mean rejecting the co-operation across the whole country that can deliver us full employment and more jobs . ` It does n't mean rejecting the money that comes from the bankers ' bonus tax that will allow Scottish young people to have jobs in the future . ` It does n't mean rejecting the co-operation on research and innovation that will replace the Linwoods of the past and the lost jobs of the present with the new high-quality jobs of the future . ` And , yes , patriotism means a strong Scottish parliament but it does n't need or require us to reject the partnership that allows us to fund the pensions of this country , sharing the resources of 60 million people across the whole country , far better than pooling the resources of only five million people , to secure the best pensions imaginable . ' SNP Leader Nicola Sturgeon joins female activists in Glasgow 's Buchanan Street to launch the party 's womens pledge today . Scotland 's Deputy First Minister John Swinney said : ` While Gordon Brown appears to be re-fighting last year 's referendum , the SNP are out talking to voters about next month 's General Election and the huge opportunity to make Scotland stronger at Westminster . The contrast could not be clearer . ` Unfortunately for Labour Brown 's speech this morning simply reminds people once again of how Labour stood shoulder to shoulder with the Tories for two and a half years to talk Scotland down . ` The question Labour 's current leadership have repeatedly failed to answer is if there are more anti-Tory MPs - between the SNP and Labour - than there are Tory MPs , will they work with us to lock the Tories out and to deliver better policies for people not just in Scotland but across the rest of the UK . ` A strong team of SNP MPs can give Labour the backbone to oppose further cuts and pursue a progressive alternative to austerity . ' From left , Anas Sarwar MP , former prime minister Gordon Brown and former leader of the Scottish Labour party Johann Lamont attend the Scottish Labour campaign launch to keep Scotland part of the UK in 2013 .