A young footballer who tragically died following a freak accident during a first grade rugby game has been described by his club as a well-respected player and all round ` good bloke ' . Nicholas Tooth , 25 , was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle 's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday . Scroll down for video . Nicholas Tooth , 25 , died after sustaining a head injury when he hit his head on an opponent 's shoulder in a tackle during a first grade rugby union match on Saturday . The young man was visiting his hometown in the New England region of NSW for the weekend . ` Nick went in to tackle an opponent and his head clashed with the shoulder and he went down , ' Quirindi Lions club president Charles Murray told the ABC . ` There was no foul play , nothing untoward about it at all . Sadly it was just a very tragic accident . ' Originally from Wallabadah in the New England region of NSW , Mr Tooth , who had been working in the agricultural grain industry , was visiting his home town for the weekend . The young man had been living in Sydney while studying at Sydney University , and tributes have since poured in for the 25-year-old . Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver told Daily Mail Australia in a statement that the loss of Mr Tooth was ` incredibly sad ' . ` The passing of one of our young country rugby players over the weekend is incredibly sad and is a loss that is felt by the entire Australian Rugby community . ` We send our thoughts and sincere condolences to Nick 's family , friends , team-mates and members of the Quirindi Rugby and broader community , ' he said . Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth 's family , friends , club and teammates . Mr Tooth , pictured here with his sister Alexandra , passed away late on Sunday at Newcastle 's John Hunter Hospital . He also played for Sydney team Wollahrah Colleagues RUFC , and was remembered by club President Richard McGrath as a ` highly regarded ' player . ` I 'd like to thank those who helped at the scene on Saturday and we 'll ensure we provide whatever support we can for Nick 's family and club at this challenging time , ' Mr Pulver added . Chairman of NSW Rugby Union Nick Farr-Jones also offered condolences and support to the friends and family of Mr Tooth . ` On behalf of the NSW Rugby community , I would like to offer our sincere condolences and support to the family and friends of Nick Tooth , and to the rugby community of Quirindi and the Central-North region , ' he said in a statement . ` We will be providing ongoing assistance to Nick 's family and rugby club during this difficult time . ' Mr Tooth was playing for the Quirindi Rugby Club , about 350 kilometres north-west of Sydney when he was injured . ` The Quirindi Rugby club would like to send their deepest condolences to the Tooth family on the loss of Nick , ' the club said in a statement on Monday . ` The loss of this kind hearted and fine young man will be felt far and wide . The club would like to offer their support to everyone who has been touched by this tragic loss . Tributes have poured in for the young man , who has been remembered as a ` great bloke ' by friends . Australian Rugby Union and NSW Rugby Union have offered their support to friends and family of Mr Tooth . ` Further information will be posted as appropriate . The players and club members thank everyone for their thoughts and support at this sad time , ' the Quirindi Rugby club 's statement finished . Mr Tooth also played for Wollahrah Colleagues RUFC , and was remembered by club President Richard McGrath as a ` highly regarded ' player . ` He was just a very nice bloke , he was highly regarded by all his teammates and he was just a go-to guy , I really respected him , ' Mr McGrath told Daily Mail Australia . ` It is just shocking . ` A lot of his mates are very shocked by it and we 'll be working out some ways we can support them and of course his family , ' the President Wollahrah Colleagues RUFC said . The club also posted a statement to Facebook mourning the loss of Mr Tooth , ` a great mate to all ' . ` Toothy passed away over the weekend after an on field accident whilst playing a game of rugby with mates in Quirindi , ' it read . ` Colleagues passes on our deepest sympathies to Nicks family and friends . '