An elderly British couple who fell victim to pickpockets as they returned to their hotel in Benidorm incredibly got their belongings back after confronting the duo - and it was all caught on camera . Brian and Joan Ogden , from Wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the Hotel Don Pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet . CCTV footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of Mr Ogden , 80 , while her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden , 78 . But they were n't to be fooled . A pickpocket -LRB- right in the purple top -RRB- follows Bruce Ogden into the Hotel don Pancho in Benidorm . The thief reaches into Mr Ogden 's pocket while her accomplice stands between Mr Ogden and his wife Joan . The pickpocket is then shown handing the wallet to her accomplice after taking it from Mr Ogden . Grainy CCTV footage outside the hotel shows Mr Ogden get the wallet back from one of the thieves . After the pickpocket in purple sneakily handed the wallet to her cohort , Mr and Mrs Ogden followed the crooks out of the hotel and in a short exchange asked for the wallet back , and got it . The Ogden 's son Mick said his parents were tougher than they look . ` They 'd been for something to eat before they got the bus back to Alicante , before they flew home , ' he recounted . ` I got a call from them saying they 'd been robbed , then we found out what happened - these scumbags had followed them right up to the hotel . ` They 'd been following my mum and dad for a bit , and my mum saw them so she hung back as they got to the door , and saw one of them put their hand in my dad 's pocket . ` So she runs back after them and gets their stuff back . When they rang me , they thought they 'd lost their credit cards , but nothing was lost . Mrs Ogden points at the thieves as they leave while Mr Ogden checks nothing else was taken . Happy grandfather Brian Ogden , with his granddaughter Rosanna , got his wallet back from thieves . Joan Ogden , 78 , spotted the thieves in action as they stole from the pocket of Brian Ogden , 80 . ` The annoying point for me , this four star hotel they were at , they said they know -LRB- the pickpockets -RRB- . I 've been coming for years and have never seen anything like this before . ' Hotel Don Pancho 's guest relationship manager , Ana Labord , said pickpockets are a problem in Benidorm ` especially when tourists go to the busy open markets ' but there is little that can be done . ` I showed -LRB- the Ogdens -RRB- the images , we have many security cameras and they were right by the entrance , you can see they were followed from the main road then down the walkway , ' she said . ` Usually they do n't go that far as there are cameras , but I guess they must have had a bad day . They tried to pickpocket them , but they realised and asked for their things back . ' The four-star Hotel don Pancho in Benidorm , where the Ogdens were staying on holiday . Mr and Mrs Ogden were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed . She added that the Ogdens were brave to have confronted the thieves , an action she would n't necessarily recommend . ` Everyone has to make their own decisions , ' she said . ` I personally would n't confront a thief like that but in this case they did , and you can see it worked out , they clearly did the right thing as they got their wallets back . ` Everybody should be careful , and sometimes you should n't confront them , but in Benidorm it 's not violence that 's a problem , just the pickpocketing like any other busy tourist area . '