Frogs that build underground ` sex nests ' to mate with their partner have been found by a team of researchers . The intriguing males build these secret chambers to avoid predators . The discovery was made by researchers in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo , Brazil . A new species of frog has been found in Brazil . Called Hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators . Shown is another torrent frog , the Waterfall frog . The new species of torrent frog , reported by New Scientist , is called Hylodes japi . The amphibian , part of the Hylodes lateristrigatus group , is characterised by light stripes on its size , while it is also relatively small , according to the researchers . And when it comes to mating , this family of frogs has a unique trait not seen in other frogs . They typically like to live near fast streams and , if a pair decides to mate , they will spend five minutes searching for a private spot . ` The male quickly carves out a chamber by excavating the sand around small rocks at the bottom of the stream , ' said Agata Blaszczak-Boxe from New Scientist . ` Then , like Christian Grey from Fifty Shades he invites his mate into his sex dungeon , which is only just big enough to fit the two amorous amphibians . ' The amphibian , part of the Hylodes lateristrigatus group , is characterised by light stripes on its size , while it is also relatively small , according to the researchers . It was found in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo , Brazil . Once the female has laid her eggs , the male then covers up the entrance with sand from the stream . The reason for this is not only to protect the eggs from predators , but also from tadpoles of the species - as they are known to be cannibalistic . Finding the frogs was n't easy , either - they are so secretive that the researchers had to don camouflage gear in order to observe them . A new species of glass frog -LRB- shown right -RRB- has been discovered with translucent skin so you can see its insides . The creature , named Hyalinobatrachium dianae , was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call . While most of its body is a brilliant lime green , like all species of glass frogs , the skin on its underside is see-though , making its organs easily visible . The animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible . Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century , and reported their find in the journal Zootaxa . The frog was named by Brian Kubicki who discovered it , after his mother Janet Diana Kubicki to thank her for supporting his interest in science , Costa Rica 's Tico Times reported .