From underground bunkers and tactical bicycles to heavily armored vehicles , they were taught new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster - and also met some TV stars . Hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` Preppers ' , of all ages and levels of ` experience ' , descended on the Salt Lake City , Utah , suburb of Sandy on Friday for the nation 's first ever PrepperCon . During the two-day expo , they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . They were also greeted by actors from the AMC hit show ` The Walking Dead ' , including Addy Miller , who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off . Scroll down for video . Motoped : Hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` Preppers ' descended on the Salt Lake City , Utah , suburb of Sandy on Friday for the first ever PrepperCon . Above , Ken Stone demonstrates the Motoped Survival Bike . Suitable for zombie hunting ? The Motoped is described as a vehicle that can ` go where stand alone bicycles or motorcycles ca n't ' . It has a 500-mile -LRB- 805 km -RRB- range , a 200 mpg efficiency and a heavy-duty universal rack . Tactical weapons : Niel Burnett , of Covers & Camo , clutches a gun as he demonstrates ` Prepper and tactical seat covers ' during PrepperCon , which also featured actors from the AMC hit show ` The Walking Dead ' Dress-up : Attendees learned new ways to store food , were led around underground bunkers , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . Above , an image tweeted by PrepperCon organizers . Scott Stallings , one of PrepperCon 's founders , said the event was inspired by ComicCon 's success , adding that he had amped up the entertainment with the hope of attracting younger attendees . He said that Utah made sense for America 's first expo because of the Mormon culture 's emphasis on food storage and self-reliance . Among the expo 's main events was a zombie costume contest . ` In the prepping industry , we look at zombies as a metaphor , ' said Mr Stallings , who lives in Murray . ` Anyone that 's coming to take away your stuff , your safety , inflict harm on your family . ' Vendors who filled the South Towne Expo Center on Friday and Saturday showed off an array of gear to help people survive a zombie apocalypse , a natural disaster or life in the wilderness . This gear included knives of all shapes and sizes , hi-tech gadgets , food storage units , first aid supplies and armored trucks . There were also live demonstrations and the survival cooking contest . Motoped employee Ken Stone showed off the Motoped Survival Bike , described by the company as a ` tactical blank canvas ' with a 500-mile range , 200mpg efficiency and a heavy-duty universal rack . Hideout : Scott Stallings , one of PrepperCon 's founders , said he had amped up the entertainment with the hope of attracting younger attendees . Above , Mike Peters , with Ultimate Bunker , is pictured lying on a bunk in a 100 per cent steel underground bunker on the first day of the event at Utah 's South Towne Expo Center . Bunker : Mr Stallings said that Utah made sense for the first expo because of the Mormon culture 's emphasis on food storage and self-reliance . Above , Mr Peters stands in front of the impressive underground bunker . Armored : Robert and Dori Wickert look at a prototype combat vehicle during the PrepperCon expo on Friday . Demonstration : Sam Warren climbs into the vehicle as hundreds of survivalists and ` Preppers ' eagerly watch . Contest : PrepperCon organizers took to Twitter to encourage attendees to dress up in their best zombie gear . The Motoped Survival Bike is described as something in between a ` hard-core downhill mountain bike and a fully-fledged motorcycle ' . It can be pedaled or motored without stopping to make a change , and can ` go where stand alone bicycles or motorcycles ca n't ' . Unit weight : 132 pounds . Range : 500 miles -LRB- 805 km -RRB- . Efficiency : 200 mpg -LRB- 1.2 L/100km -RRB- . Top speed : 24mph . Engine Displacement : 49cc / 125cc . Max Horsepower : 49cc - 2.41 HP @ 7500 RPM / 125cc - 7.78 @ 7500 RPM . Front Suspension : Adjustable DNM USD-8 Forks -LRB- 8 '' travel -RRB- . Rear Suspension : Adjustable DNM Burner - RCP2 Shock . Seat Height : 35 '' -LRB- Adjustable -RRB- . Cost : $ 2,499 . Source : Motoped . The $ 2,500 bike can be pedaled or motored without stopping to make a change , and can ` go where stand alone bicycles or motorcycles ca n't ' . But with a top speed of 24mph , could it outrun zombies ? The company certainly appears to think so . ` This bike was built for the creative survivalist . Apply your favorite gear and escape with your life , ' an online description of the vehicle reads . Following PrepperCon , Miller , 15 , told KUTV that she thought the expo had been ` really cool ' and that Salt Lake City was a ` gorgeous ' region . ` I enjoy meeting the fans and getting their perspective on the show , ' she added . The North Carolina teenager was joined at the event on Saturday by her co-star , Theo Crane . Celebrity survival expert Mykel Hawke , a retired U.S. Army Special Forces officer who is best known for his role on the reality TV series ` Man , Woman , Wild ' , also made an appearance . On its website , PrepperCon describes a ` Prepper ' as ` a person who believes a major disaster or emergency is likely to occur in the future and makes active preparations for it . ' Prepared : Beryl Paffrath , left , handles a Akdal 1919 , AR-15 style , 12 gauge shotgun , while Matthew Kitterman , of MTK Arms , looks on during the expo . The two-day event was apparently inspired by ComicCon 's success . Apocalypse : PrepperCon tweeted this screenshot from its event commercial , made by Centerstar Marketing . Actress : ` The Walking Dead ' star Addy Miller took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off . Above , the actress told KUTV that she thought the expo was ` really cool ' Enthusiastic : Miller , 15 , took to Twitter last week to promote her appearance at PrepperCon in Salt Lake City . They do so by ` stockpiling food , ammunition , and other supplies ' , it says . In relation to its two-day expo , it adds : ` We combine the best of entertainment , emergency preparedness , gun shows , off-grid living and survival into one incredible experience . ' PrepperCon 's motto is ` Prepare . Protect . Survive . Thrive . ' A single day pass for the event was $ 14.00 , while a two-day pass was priced at $ 25.00 .