Tired after a long journey from Scotland , Nikki Kelly decided to have a quiet night in . She started to feel cramps in her stomach , and believed she might be getting her period . But when she made a dash for the bathroom , the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour , and gave birth to her son on the bathroom floor . Miss Kelly , from Bridport , Dorset , had no idea she was expecting , and had even kept her size eight figure throughout the pregnancy . Nikki Kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth to son James , now three months , in ` three pushes ' on the bathroom floor . Miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy , and had no cravings . She is pictured on holiday with partner Andrew Swallow , 27 , when she was unknowingly four months pregnant . She had been taking the contraceptive pill and continued to have periods for the whole nine months -- and experienced no morning sickness or cravings whatsoever . She says baby James was born in ` three pushes ' and she and her partner , Aaron Swallow , 27 , have now made an offer on a house so they can all live together as a family . Miss Kelly , who worked as a cleaner before her pregnancy , said : ` I was feeling a bit rubbish with what I thought was cramps so decided to have a quiet night in after travelling back from Scotland and seeing my family . ` I started needing the toilet more and more often , until I could n't even get off the bathroom floor . ` My partner Aaron was at work and I called him 76 times in half an hour to get him to come home . ` By the time he got to mine I was able to introduce him to his son . ' Miss Kelly , originally from Scotland , had been to a New Year 's party at her brother 's house in Stirling and was due to stay in Scotland for a few days afterwards . James was born on January 5 at 11:22 am , weighing a healthy 6 lbs . Miss Swallow said she knew to wrap him in a blanket and check his feet , having watched medical TV shows . Miss Kelly and her partner have put an offer in on a house so the three of them can start living together as a family . Mr Swallow is pictured with his son -LRB- left -RRB- and with Miss Kelly , two days before she gave birth -LRB- right -RRB- . But she began feeling ill and so she and her partner travelled home a day early . Looking back , not wanting to drink alcohol was the only way her body changed during her pregnancy . She said : ` I had one Blue WKD on New Year 's Eve . I started drinking it but just did n't want it . ` Being off alcohol was the only change in me . I stayed a size six to eight and did n't have any morning sickness or put on any weight . ` I was on the bathroom floor with cramps and I suddenly felt the urge to push . Three pushes later and my baby was born . ` Luckily he was crying and I 've seen TV shows so knew what to do . ` I wrapped him in a towel and checked his hands and feet . ' James was born on January 5 at 11:22 am , weighing a healthy 6 lbs . Mr Swallow came over to Miss Kelly 's house , ordered an ambulance straight away , and the new family travelled to hospital . Aaron 's sister had given birth five months earlier and was able to bring a car seat to the hospital so they could take the baby home safely . But otherwise , the couple did n't have any baby clothes , let alone a cot . Miss Kelly said : ` I gave birth on the Sunday night and was in hospital until Wednesday . James is ` the best thing that ever happened ' to her and her partner , Miss Swallow said . She added : ` James is our little miracle ' ` My mum and dad were able to get me some essentials , including a cot bed , and Aaron 's parents us nappies and a steriliser , but when I came out of hospital I went straight to the baby shop to get the rest . ` It closed in ten minutes and I just told the staff that I needed literally everything . ' Now , Miss Kelly and Aaron , who both live with their parents , are splitting their time with the baby between their homes . They are waiting to see if their offer on a home of their own has been accepted . Miss Kelly said : ` It 's all happened very quickly and been very expensive . ` I 've adapted to being a mum straight away and Aaron is a very proud dad . ` It 's the best thing to happen to us . James is our little miracle . ' Ms Janet Fyle , of the Royal College of Midwives said although Miss Kelly 's situation is uncommon , it is not unusual . She said : ` Some women just do n't know they are pregnant . ` One lady was serving in Afghanistan and did n't realise she was pregnant , and we had to send services out there . ` It might happen for a variety of reasons . It 's different for any women . ` There are some women with good abdominal muscles and fat and the baby lies flat against the back so they do n't have a bump . ` Some women wo n't have the normal pregnancy symptoms . ` Some women feel the baby moving inside them , but some do n't . Some women have good abdominal muscles and fat and the baby lies flat against the back so they do n't have a bump , says Ms Janet Fyle , of the Royal College of Midwives . ` A lot of the symptoms of pregnancy are ` everyday ' symptoms . So they might not know that having wind is a sign of pregnancy . Especially if they 've never had a baby . ' ` Not all women are body-conscious . It depends on what 's going on in their life . ' In these cases , the midwife has an important role in supporting the new family , as adjusting to being a parents can be a shock . She said : ` The women themselves are totally shocked when it happens to them . ` A lot of talking and reassurance by the midwife is needed . ` They need to say the occurrence is unusual but the woman herself is not abnormal . ` That woman is going to need a lot of help and support adjusting to being a parent . ` Women with unplanned pregnancies get very upset , so imagine one day you have a normal life and the next you are a parent . ` The midwife would give that woman a lot more care , watching for signs of post-natal depression or even post-natal unhappiness . '