Sorry : Journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely -LRB- pictured -RRB- is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape . The journalist who wrote Rolling Stone 's flawed account of a campus rape is set to apologize Sunday night , when the Columbia Journalism School publishes a review of what went wrong with her reporting . Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece about a University of Virginia student named Jackie . In the story , titled ` A Rape on Campus ' , Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago . But a recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story - including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident does n't seem to exist . The Columbia Graduate School of Journalism will release their review of the botched Rolling Stone investigation at 8 pm on Sunday . Following that , sources tell CNN that Erdely will release an apologetic statement and Rolling Stone will take the story down from their website . While the article initially sparked protests on campus , Erdely 's reporting quickly began to fall apart as the Washington Post and local outlets started following up on the allegations . One mistake of Erdely 's previously highlighted , was the fact she agreed not to contact Jackie 's alleged attackers . Scroll down for video . Report : The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night . Claims : The story published in November focused on a University of Virginia student named Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus ' Phi Kappa Psi fraternity two years ago . Above , the frat house on January 15 , 2015 . Anonymous : Jackie has never been identified . Police officials say she refused to be interviewed in the course of their investigation . Three of Jackie 's friends also denied Erdely 's assertion that they discouraged the alleged victim from reporting the assault . By December 5 , Rolling Stone acknowledged that there appeared ` to be discrepancies in Jackie 's account . ' The magazine asked for the independent review , which was conducted by the dean of the Columbia Graduate School of Journalism . The fraternity has called the article defamatory and said it was exploring its legal options . ` These false accusations have been extremely damaging to our entire organization , but we can only begin to imagine the setback this must have dealt to survivors of sexual assault , ' said Stephen Scipione , president of the Virginia Alpha Chapter of Phi Kappa Psi , after the Charlottesville police suspended their investigation . Despite its flaws , the article heightened scrutiny of campus sexual assaults amid a campaign by President Barack Obama . The University of Virginia had already been on the Department of Education 's list of 55 colleges under investigation for their handling of sex assault violations . The article also prompted UVA President Teresa Sullivan to temporarily suspend Greek social events . Fraternities later agreed to ban kegs , hire security workers and keep at least three fraternity members sober at each event .