The alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week following the fatal shooting of an unarmed , black father-of-four during a routine traffic stop in South Carolina . But now , a young African-American man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ` on the basis of their color ' , insisting that ` there are good cops out there ' . In the footage , which has gone viral on social media , Will Stack , a 22-year-old U.S. Army National Guardsman , recounts his own experience with a ` Caucasian officer ' in the state 's Lexington County . He explains how he was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday , to make a left turn , when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane , which was full . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . ` Just because you 're a cop does n't mean you 're bad ' : Will Stack , 22 , a U.S. Army National Guardsman , has released a video -LRB- pictured -RRB- disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects ` on the basis of their color ' Moments later , he was stopped by the cop for ` improper use of the median ' . ` He told me what I did , asked for my license and registration , I gave that to him , ' Mr Stack says in the selfie-style video . He continues : ` Now , I will say that why he was here with me , I made sure my hands were on the steering wheel , I made sure to speak very politely as I always do . I did what he told me to do . ` I handed him the information and I sat here and waited and turned my music down . ' The officer left Mr Stack 's car for a few minutes , before walking back and returning the documents to him . He then explained the proper use of the median to Mr Stack , telling him it ` needs to be open for emergency vehicles ' . ` I was in the wrong , I did n't realize it . I did it out of habit , ' Mr Stack admits . After acknowledging the officer 's words , Mr Stack , a former Psychology student at the University of South Carolina , was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways . In the video , filmed minutes after the encounter and later posted on Mr Stack 's Facebook page , where it has been viewed 1.7 million times , Mr Stack goes on to explain why he is telling his story . Traffic stop : In the footage , which has gone viral on social media , Mr Stack recounts his own experience with a ` Caucasian officer ' in South Carolina . He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said . Praise : Over the past few days , thousands of Facebook users have commented -LRB- above -RRB- on Mr Stack 's selfie-style video , with many praising him for his honesty amid a national scandal over alleged police brutality . Mixed opinion : Although many of the users ' comments were positive , others were negative -LRB- as seen bottom -RRB- . ` The point of this is to say that I am an African-American male , this gentleman was Caucasian . There were no problems . He did his job , I did what I was supposed to do , and that was it , ' he says . ` I feel like people need to understand that not all officers are crooked , not all officers are racist , bad people , and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims . ` Just because you 're black does n't mean you 're a victim , just because you 're white does n't mean you 're a racist , just because you 're a cop does n't mean you 're a bad person . ' He adds : ` This world really needs to stop putting labels on people and things and see them as who they are : people doing things . Ignorance has no color . God does n't see color . Why should we ? ' Mr Stack captured the video just days after North Charleston officer Michael Slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting Water Scott , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away . Serviceman : ` I feel like people need to understand ... not all officers are racist , bad people , and not all people who get shot or Tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims , ' says Mr Stack -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- . Scene : Mr Stack was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse -LRB- above -RRB- when he was pulled over by the cop . He told WIS that although he had concerns over the use of force applied by Officer Slager , 33 , he was keeping an open mind about the shooting - and did not believe Scott should have tried to flee . Speaking to the station , Mr Stack , who recently completed a deployment with the National Guard and is now job hunting , said : ' It 's possible for African Americans and police officers to get along . ` And , not everybody shares the same mindset because nobody 's the same , everybody 's different . ' Over the past few days , thousands of Facebook users have commented on Mr Stack 's video , with many praising him for his honesty amid the national scandal over alleged police brutality . Natashalynn Hoag told him : ` Amazingly said !!!!!!! Agreed 100 % You have a GREAT head on your shoulders ! You were raised wonderfully , your family should be VERY proud of you !!! ' And Tina Wisecup Wills wrote : ` Such wise words . Thank you for taking the time to share them . ' Shooting : Mr Stack captured the video with the knowledge of North Charleston officer Michael Slager 's -LRB- right -RRB- arrest for murder after he allegedly shot Water Scott -LRB- left -RRB- , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away .