Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook 's IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30 . Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised , it is likely that the fight will happen . Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday . Gavin is the only Englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional last year when he attempted to win the European welterweight title from Leonard Bundu . Frankie Gavin -LRB- right -RRB- is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook 's IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30 . Sportsmail understands an announcement on the fight could be made as early as Friday . Eddie Hearn , who promotes both men , told Sportsmail on Tuesday that Gavin was under ` strong consideration ' . And Gavin said on Wednesday : ` Nothing is signed or done yet but I know Eddie 's spoken to Kell and Kell 's up for it and I 'm up for it . So we 're going to sit down and have another chat in the next two days and hopefully get it done . ` I think I 've got the skills to upset Brook and take him out of his rhythm . It 's easier said than done but I 'm going to be 100 per cent ready , physically and mentally , and if I get that world title shot I 'll be ready . ' Amir Khan hits Devon Alexander during their welterweight bout at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas . Brook hopes to finally face Amir Khan next year having failed to lure him into a Wembley blockbuster this summer . Gavin , who has held the British and Commonwealth welterweight belts , has climbed to No 5 in the IBF rankings , though he has not fought at Brook 's level . Gavin , 29 , added : ` I 'm not stupid . I 'm not delusional . I 'm going to have to perform out of my skin . But I 've definitely got it in me to do it . I 'm very confident Kell can be beaten and hopefully it 's someone with my skills who will do it . ' Brook is desperate to fight Khan but his fellow Brit rejected the chance to face him at Wembley in June .