Doctors are putting the health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily , UN officials warn . Doctors are putting the health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily , UN officials warn . They say the procedure should only be carried out when ` medically necessary ' because it can lead to infections and even death . Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s . This includes a growing number of women opting to have planned caesareans because they are very anxious about giving birth naturally . But last night experts from the World Health Organisation , the UN 's public health agency , said this figure should ideally be between just 10 per cent and 15 per cent , due to the dangers and costs involved . In a statement , they said : ` Although it can save lives , caesarean section is often performed without medical need , putting women and their babies at risk of short - and long-term health problems . ' They added that the procedure can lead to ` significant complications , disability or death ' and diverts precious money away from the needs of other patients . A planned caesarean costs the NHS an average of £ 2,369 , compared to a natural birth at £ 1,665 . The WHO statement sharply contradicts current NHS guidelines , which say the procedure should be offered to women even when there is no medical justification . The watchdog NICE issued revised recommendations in 2011 allowing women to have the operation if they were very anxious about childbirth , a condition known as tokophobia . Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s . Women are also advised to have planned caesareans if they have had a previous complicated birth , are over 40 or have a medical condition such as asthma , diabetes or depression . But the WHO said that doctors were carrying them out too often , and underestimating the risks . Previous research has found that as many as one in ten caesareans cause infections .