A Missouri woman who finished a St. Louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year is being stripped of the title after officials concluded she did n't run the full course either year . The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that officials determined that Kendall Schler crept onto the GO ! St. Louis Marathon 's course last weekend after the last checkpoint , did n't record any of her times electronically along the way , and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles . Schler was spotted at the beginning of the race and the end of the race , and while Schler 's actual course is unknown , the starting point of the race are suspiciously just three blocks apart . Scroll down for video . Fake winner : Kendall Schler cheated her way to the front of the St. Louis marathon course . Not a true winner : Her times that qualified her to run in Monday 's Boston Marathon have now been erased , and her spot in the event has been vacated . Kendall Schler crept onto the marathon course after the last checkpoint and since she was spotted at the starting point of the race just blocks from finish line , she may have lingered in that area before sneaking in . Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race -LRB- violation of race protocol -RRB- and since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner . Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday 's Boston Marathon has now been erased , and her spot in the event has been vacated . Her third-place finish last year also was wiped out after officials could n't find evidence that she crossed any of that event 's checkpoints . ` It 's a difficult situation for everybody , including the people who run a fair race and do n't get the recognition they should receive , ' said Nancy Lieberman , president of GO ! St. Louis . ` I said to her , `` It looks like you perpetrated a fraud . '' ' ` I have nothing legitimate that says she officially started and ran 26.2 miles in 2014 or 2015 , ' she added . Lieberman said incidents of dishonest runners happened but called this ` an extreme case . ' When Lieberman made Schler prove she ran all of the checkpoints from last years race she was unable to provide them and he title was stripped from her . ` I said , `` I 'm going to disqualify you in 2014 unless you provide me photos of you along the course , '' ' Lieberman said . ` I told her if she showed me photos within two hours I 'd consider not disqualifying her . ' Liar : Kendall Schler -LRB- left -RRB- was unable to prove that she won this year 's marathon in St. Louis so Andrea Karl -LRB- right -RRB- was named this year 's winner . Tough race : Runners return to St. Louis from E. St. Louis on the Martin Luther King Bridge during the race . The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that the course has seven spots where a runner is meant to record a time . The spots are the start , the finish , and five spots within the course . Lieberman said she did not register a time at any spot . There was no electronic evidence of any of those times either . According to the president of the marathon Nancy Leiberman , Schler claimed to have removed the magnetic strips from both of her race bibs . Tampering with race bibs is a violation of race protocol , says Leiberman . Lieberman checked with U.S. Track and Field officials on the course who also saw no sign of her . ` They 're situated in specific places so that people ca n't cheat and jump on at other times , ' Lieberman said . ` They did n't see -LRB- Schler -RRB- anywhere on the course . ' The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says did n't get the recognition that she deserved . ` There 's a euphoria the winner gets , breaking the tape and having the crowd cheer , ' Lieberman said . ` The true winner did everything right and did n't get her due . ' Did n't get her cheer : ` There 's a euphoria the winner gets , breaking the tape and having the crowd cheer , ' Lieberman said of the feeling of winning .