They could be depicting the froth off a latte or frosted sea-glass washed ashore , but these unique photographs are actually the surreal moment ocean foam explodes in the air . Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life . He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment , he began to shoot ocean foam , calling the venture ` foam surrealism . ' ` When the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' Mr Meudell told Daily Mail Australia . An Ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . ` When the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' he said . ` Taking these sort of images is all I do apart from go to work . ' Mr Meudell grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach . After receiving emails from potential buyers asking how they can purchase one of his prints , Mr Meudell started a website and he admits the purchasers are not what you 'd expect . ` They are for anyone , from any country and it 's not just people who love ocean photography that buy these pieces , ' he said . ` I surprisingly have a lot of elderly ladies purchase my foam images . ' The 40-year-old chooses his time wisely , often waking up at the crack of dawn to get the ultimate shot . ` The best time is always the morning or the evening because that 's when you get the beautiful colours , ' he said . ' Although he has only been taking ocean photos for two years , Mr Meudell 's shots draw from works of surrealism such as Salvador Dali and appear very dream-like . Mr Meudell takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach on the south coast of NSW . He uses an EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and numerous lenses to achieve the unique shots but does not reveal settings he uses to keep air of mystery . The 40-year-old advises other budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens . Mr Meudell uses an EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and numerous lenses to achieve the remarkable shots but admits , as an artist , he regrettably can not reveal his secrets . ` Through my Instagram and website , I get so many people asking me what shutter speed , ISO and aperture I use , ' he said . ` And it 's cool they want to do the same thing , but I got out there and did it myself , so that 's what I advise others to do . ' Mr Meudell instead advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens . ` Spending time in the water and knowing how a wave breaks really helps with this kind of photography , ' he said . ` Someone who has never surfed in their life wo n't pick it up as quick as someone who has spent their whole life surfing . ' He also said to start with a GoPro due to their simplicity and build up to a DSLR . ` But on top of everything , make sure you 're having fun . '