American model Kendra Spears , who has been known as Princess Salwa since her marriage to the Aga Khan 's son Prince Rahim , has given birth to her first child . The baby , a boy named Prince Irfan , was born in the Swiss city of Geneva last Saturday and both mother and child are doing well . News of the birth , which was announced yesterday , has been greeted with joy by the followers of the Aga Khan , who , in a statement , spoke of his family 's ` great happiness ' . Scroll down for video . Glamorous : Princess Salwa Aga Khan , pictured during a photo shoot last year , has given birth to a son . Ms Spears , a Seattle-born supermodel who has starred in campaigns for Diane von Furstenburg and Chanel among others , married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 following a four month engagement . The model , 26 , had been considered ` the next Cindy Crawford ' by her agency Ford Models , but has put her career on the back-burner since becoming wife to the 44-year-old royal . She follows in the footsteps of a string of American royal wives , among them actress Rita Hayworth who was married to Sir Sultan Muhammed Shah Aga Khan . Prince Rahim 's younger brother Hussein , 41 , also married an American , although his marriage to New Yorker Kristin White , 38 , ended shortly after his brother 's wedding in 2013 . The Jordanian royals have also made a habit of wedding Americans , most famously Lisa Najeeb Halaby who became known as Queen Noor following her marriage . Happy couple : The royal is said to be doing well , according to her husband , Prince Rahim Aga Khan . Striking : Princess Salwa pictured left on her wedding day and right during her catwalk modelling career . Britons have also married into the Jordanian royal dynasty , most notably Antoinette Avril Gardiner , the mother of current ruler Abdullah , . Unlike the Jordanians , the Aga Khan dynasty do not have a country and instead lead the Imami Ismā ` īlī Tariqah , a Shi'a Muslim sect . Like the King Abdullah of Jordan , the Aga Khan , a title bestowed upon the family by Persian -LRB- now Iran -RRB- ruler Fath-Ali Shah Qajar in 1818 , claims to be a direct descendant of the Prophet Mohammed . Prince Rahim 's father Prince Shah Karim Al Hussaini is the current Aga Khan and took the title aged 20 following the death of his grandfather , Sir Sultan Muhammed Shah , Aga Khan III . A British business magnate and a racehorse enthusiast , he is responsible for adding to the family fortune , which is thought to amount to more than $ 800m . Not all of the money was acquired through commerce , however . Part of it comes from a tithe paid by Ismaili Muslims called a ` dasond ' - the equivalent of 12.5 percent of each person 's gross annual income . Royal wives : Rita Hayworth also married into the Aga Khan dynasty while Queen Noor is a Jordanian royal . British connection : King Abdullah II of Jordan , pictured with Prince Charles , has a British mother .