From the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's 2011 wedding to the 2012 Diamond Jubilee , no royal event would be complete without them . Now a trickle of royal fans , some familiar faces among them , have begun arriving at the Lindo Wing ahead of the royal birth . But the group , which includes well-known royal enthusiast Margaret Tyler , 71 , could be in for a long wait as the Duchess of Cambridge 's due date is more than a week away . Getting ready : Royal superfans Margaret Tyler and John Loughery outside the Lindo Wing . That , however , was n't enough to dampen spirits with the group , all of whom had come prepared with Union flags , posing happily for the gathering Press pack . Joining Mrs Tyler was another familiar face - that of self-confessed royal ` superfan ' John Loughery , 60 , who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 Royal Wedding and was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008 . Mr Loughery , a former chef , said at the time he hoped to go down in history for the feat and told the BBC that he would n't be surprised ` if a portrait of me is hanging inside Kensington Palace in 100 years from now ' . Equally serious about the Royal Family is Mrs Tyler , an avid collector of royal memorabilia who has amassed a trove worth more than £ 10,000 . Nearly there : The Duchess of Cambridge , pictured last month , is due to give birth on the 25th April . Regular : John Loughery , 60 , has been present for every major royal event of the last 10 years . Diana fan : His favourite was Princess Diana and he attended every day of the 2008 inquest into her death . Mrs Tyler , who gave birth to her son Andrew at the Lindo Wing , says she considers the royals to be part of her family and has been following their exploits for more than 40 years . Her collection of royal souvenirs , which includes a £ 1,200 bust of Prince Charles , is so vast , it takes up four rooms in her small terraced home in London . Like Mr Loughery , Mrs Tyler was also at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince George and ended up spending six days waiting for him to arrive . ` I was there for six days , ' she told a recent episode of BBC2 show Collectaholics . ' -LSB- My son -RSB- Andrew was born at St. Mary 's and I was only there for two days . ` I just wanted to feel close to them -LSB- William and Kate -RSB- , I suppose . I spent the time meeting people , and chatting.I was convinced it was going to be a girl , but it was n't . ' She describes her collecting as a ` labour of love ' and says every day is dominated by her royal obsession . Excited : Mr Loughery , from Wandsworth , with Maria Scott and her daughter Amy Thompson from Newcastle . Pole position : Mrs Tyler surveys the scene outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary 's Hospital in Paddington . Impressive collection : Mrs Tyler has filled four rooms of her small London home with memorabilia . Valuable : The collection is thought to be worth around £ 10,000 and is a ` labour of love ' ` There 's loads of royal magazines that I read , so I get up at about 4.30 am to keep up with it all , ' she reveals . ` I 'm retired but I do n't think I 've actually ever worked so hard in my life . It takes a lot of work -LSB- to maintain -RSB- but it 's a labour of love . ' The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child on the 25th April , although experts say royal watchers could be in for a long wait as second babies tend to come late . Nevertheless , preparations for the birth are well past the planning stages , with a media pen designed to hold the expected influx from around the world opening today . The police have also begun patrolling outside the Lindo Wing and have barred photographers from getting too close to the door . Although the Duchess herself is believed to be at Kensington Palace , her husband Prince William is working in Norfolk and is expected to be forced to make a two-hour hospital dash when his 33-year-old wife goes into labour .