A young father has paid tribute to the toddler son he almost lost by getting a massive tattoo of the boy 's portrait on the left side of his face . Christien Sechrist , a 20-year-old from Houston , Texas , had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July . But a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur earlier this week . And despite his critics ' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo , Christien told Buzzfeed that he does n't regret his decision to get the controversial ink , even claiming that he would happily get it done again . Bold statement : Christien Sechrist -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a large tattoo of his son 's portrait on his own face . The detailed portrait of the trainee electrician 's son Perseus , which features his chubby cheeks and big eyes , takes up the entire left side of Christien 's face , starting at the corner of his eyebrow and ending down by his chin . There is even some additional detail featured on his ear lobe . When he shared a picture of his new ink on his Facebook page last summer , Christien gave a shout out to the tattoo artist who designed the creation by thanking him for accurately rendering his son 's image . ` Thanks Cody Gibbs for doing awesome work on me . Looks just like my son , ' he wrote . But Christien soon found himself being berated by his friend Ashlee Nicole who asked if the picture was a joke . After Christien confirmed that it was n't , Ashlee expressed her frustration with his choice of location for the tattoo , noting that the ink would likely make it difficult for the young father to get a job in the future . ` Why on your f ****** face ?! How are you ever going to get a real f ***** job to support your son with a tattoo on your face ? ' she asked . Doting dad : The 20-year-old , from Houston , Texas -LRB- thought to be pictured with his son Perseus -RRB- , insists that he has no regrets about his distinctive facial ink , and claims that his young son ` loves it ' Snap a selfie : Christien has eagerly defended his facial ink to his friends on Facebook , many of whom questioned why he chose to get the tattoo in such an obvious location . ` It 's not funny ! ' Ashlee continued . ` I 'm going to make you come live with -LSB- me -RSB- so you do n't do stupid sh ** like this . Although it is a nice tat , you should have put it somewhere else . ' Christien went on to call it a ` beautiful tattoo of a beautiful face on top of another beautiful face ' . Meanwhile , another friend , David Overbey , predicted that regret would eventually set in . ` I give it -LSB- three -RSB- years before the regret starts -LSB- rolling -RSB- in , ' he said , before noting : I 'm not judging -LSB- though -RSB- . I think it 's great work . But society frowns upon face tattoos . ' Christien responded by saying : ` Well my son looked at it -LSB- and -RSB- smiled so that 's all I care about . ' Meanwhile , Derek Farmer argued that there are better ways to express his love for his son . Artistic expression : Christien already has a large tattoo design on the right of his face and the back of his head -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Family ties : The doting dad posts numerous pictures of himself and his family on his Facebook account . ` You do n't need a portrait of your child on your face to convince your love for him , ' he wrote . ` It takes more than that . ' Although not everyone was so judgmental . Cody Meyers commented : ` Yeah bro that does look sick , I plan on getting allot of art done -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' It 's nine months later and Christien is still a fan of his ink , telling Buzzfeed that his son ` loves it ' . He also has a large tattoo design of a skull and a flower on the opposite side of face . And contrary to popular opinion , the tattoo enthusiast said the his dramatic face ink has not affected his ability to find work .