Paul Smith , having bravely lost his two challenges to Arthur Abraham in Germany , now finds himself in pole position for a third successive joust against a reigning world super-middleweight champion . Only this time the elder of Liverpool 's fine family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title , even though it is against a far more formidable champion . Andre Ward , still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring , sees Smith as the ideal warm-up opponent , possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch . Paul Smith -LRB- right -RRB- throws a punch towards Arthur Abraham during their title fight in Berlin in February . Andre Ward -LRB- left -RRB- poses with his many title belts after defeating Edwin Rodriguez in November 2013 . Kell Brook could have had his much-craved Battle of Britain ... if Eddie Hearn had not been so ` disrespectful ' , claims Amir Khan 's dad Shah . Read more here . Virgil Hunter , California-based trainer of both Ward and Amir Khan , says : ` Smith is who we want and I 'm told it 's a done deal . But it wo n't be for Andre 's belt even though it will be over the 12-round championship distance . ' The WBA have ordered their two super-middle world champions -- Ward ` super , ' Froch ` regular ' -- to meet in a unification fight . Froch declared willingness if Ward returns the compliment by travelling to the UK , having won their first meeting in the US . Ward -LRB- left -RRB- lands a left jab on Carl Froch before going on to win their title bout in New Jersey in 2011 . Froch -LRB- left -RRB- stands alongside James DeGale before a television appearance in Liverpool last July . Ward said he would make the away trip but only as far as London , not to Nottingham where Froch has long desired to box on his hometown City Ground . Hunter declares : ` Andre would have gladly taken Carl straight away . ' But now it appears the WBA are granting the so-called Son of God licence to shake off the ring rust where he almost always fights , in his native city across the Bay from San Francisco . Froch , meanwhile , is turning his attention to his other remaining ambition before retirement -- a first appearance on the Las Vegas Strip , against the namesake son of Mexican legend Julio Cesar Chavez . Step into Oakland 's Oracle Arena , Paul Smith . Good luck to him , in every sense of the phrase . Julis Cesar Chavez Jr -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates after winning the WBC World Middleweight title in June 2011 .