It was set as a maths problem , aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14-year-olds in Singapore . But the question went viral after people across the world were left completely baffled . The problem , which tests logical reasoning , has been shared thousands of times online as people have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question . A maths question set for 14-year-olds has left people across the world baffled as they try to solve the puzzle . The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad . The Olympiad often features logical reasoning questions and are set to test top achievers . Katie Chrystler tweeted : ` If Cheryl makes it this hard to find out when her birthday is , she 's NOT going to get many gifts . ' David Leong joked : ` Cheryl obviously did n't want Albert and Bernard at her party . Should have taken the hint when Cheryl decided to play this little game . ' One man in London said : ` I did not have a bleeding clue ! I wish I were as clever to answer something like this . But my brain just does n't work like that . ' The test asked : . Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is . Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates . May 15 , May 16 , May 19 . June 17 , June 18 . July 14 , July 16 . August 14 , August 15 , August 17 . Cheryl then tells Albert and Bernard separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively . Albert : I do n't know when Cheryl 's birthday is , but I know that Bernard does not know too . Bernard : At first I do n't know when Cheryl 's birthday is , but I know now . Albert : Then I also know when Cheryl 's birthday is . So when is Cheryl 's birthday ? Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants . At first the question appears impossible to answer without a bit of extra information , but we know Cheryl has already told Albert the month of her birthday , and Bernard the day . Each of the men does not know what the other has been told . This allows reasoning to be used to begin to whittle down the number of options . So , firstly , for Albert to be ` certain ' that Bernard can not know the answer - as suggested in the first statement he makes - we can deduct that the birthday is not in May or June . This is because in the months of May and June there are numbers -LRB- dates -RRB- that only occur once across the four months - namely May 19 and June 18 . If Albert had been given May or June as the month , there is no way he could be certain that Bernard does n't know the birthday . Bernard , after all , might have been the number 18 or 19 . For Albert to be ` certain ' that Bernard does n't know , Albert must have been given a month that does not contain one of these ` unique ' dates - i.e. July or August . Albert 's disclosure now gives Bernard the clue he needs , and says he now knows the birthday . Bernard only knows the number of Cheryl 's birthday , but from Albert 's statement he has now also ruled out both May and June . This is because he realises Albert has ruled out May and June because of the ` single number ' aspect above . So there are now just five remaining dates - July 14 , July 16 , Aug 14 , Aug 15 , Aug 17 - and Bernard says he knows which is the birthday . Because he now knows the date , we can whittle it down further to three dates by ruling out the numbers that appear in duplicate . At first , the question appears impossible top answer without more information , but here 's how to work it out . If Cheryl had told Bernard that her birthday fell on the 14th of the month , then he could not have worked out the date at this stage . However , as he states that he now knows the date , we can rule out July 14 or August 14 . This leaves just three dates to chose from - July 16 , Aug 15 and Aug 17 . Following Bernard 's statement , Albert is then apparently able to deduce the date of Cheryl 's birthday . This means her birthday must be the only remaining date in the month he was originally told . Given that there are two dates left in August and one in July , it has to be the July date . So the answer is July 16 . The problem was posted on Facebook by ` Hello Singapore ' television presenter Kenneth Kong , and went viral as people posted their various solutions to the problem . It was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiads -LRB- SASMO -RRB- , which were held on April 8 . This year around 28,000 students from countries across the world including Singapore , Thailand , Vietnam , China and the UK took the test . Henry Ong , executive director of SASMO , told Mothership.sg : ` Being Q24 out of 25 questions , this is a difficult question meant to sift out the better students . SASMO contests target the top 40 % of the student population and the standards of most questions are just high enough to stretch the students . ' Of course , perhaps the more important question is whether Cheryl deserves a birthday gift at all after putting us through all of this .