Sir Bruce Forsyth has spoken out in favour of assisted dying , saying that watching his first wife suffer with dementia has convinced him he wants to ` die with a bit of dignity left ' . The veteran entertainer , now 87 , said people should not be ` left to suffer ' , adding that in many cases it could be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die . Sir Bruce 's first wife , Penny Calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 , and he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year . Scroll down for video . Sir Bruce Forsyth has said that sometimes it can be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than to let someone die , as he spoke out today in support of assisted dying . Sir Bruce said his experience of nursing first wife Penny Calvert -LRB- pictured here with the couple 's three children -RRB- as she suffered with dementia had convinced him of a need for a change in the law . He said : ` It 's a terrible illness , awful to see and awful for everyone close to the person suffering . ` It 's a very difficult situation . She did n't remember me . It 's just so awful to have your mind and your memories taken away from you . ` It bothers me an awful lot that people are just left to suffer . If I had Alzheimer 's or dementia I would do something about it . ` The law should be changed and if people want to die with a bit of dignity left they should be able to do so . ` If it is what the person wants and it can be proved they are living a life of suffering it can be more cruel to do nothing . I 'd like that right for myself . ' Sir Bruce married Ms Calvert in 1953 , and the couple had three children together before splitting 20 years later . He then went on to marry Anthea Redfern , the hostess on the Generation Game , followed by Wilnelia Merced , a former Miss World who he married in 1983 . While Sir Bruce -LRB- left -RRB- separated from Ms Calvert -LRB- right -RRB- in 1973 , the two remained in contact , and he helped to secretly nurse her after she was taken into a home in 2008 , until she died last year . Sir Bruce -LRB- pictured left with third and current wife Wilnelia Merced , and right after receiving his knighthood -RRB- said he would like the right to be able to end his life ` with a bit of dignity left ' Despite these new relationships , he remained on good terms with Ms Calvert , and supported her through her illness . Sir Bruce joins other celebrities and politicians who support assisted dying , including the late author Terry Pratchett , former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey , and Labour peer Lord Falconer . The latter has already tabled a bill asking that patients with less than six months to live be allowed to take their own life with the help of a doctor . However , the proposed change in the law has proved controversial , with distinguished judge Baroness Butler-Sloss saying it would ` cross a line ' towards euthanasia . Prime Minister David Cameron and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg have also spoken out against assisted dying in the past . Under the 1961 Suicide Act , those who deliberate assist or encourage others to commit suicide can be sentenced to up to 14 years in prison . However , in 2010 , the Director of Public Prosecutions , Keir Starmer , issued guidelines making clear that anyone who assists a loved one who has reached a ` settled and informed ' decision while ` acting out of compassion ' is unlikely to be charged , leading to ambiguity .