It appears Coca Cola fans are quite an OCD bunch . Used to getting their sweet fix in bottles with colour-coded tops , many like being able to tell whether they 're reaching for the ` full fat ' regular variety by the red lid on top . But since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version . Scroll down for video . Diet Coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular Coke - causing a headache for some fans . Coke has switched all the lids on its 500 ml bottles to red to ` help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the Coca-Cola range ' Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes , which have left many a bit confused . Coke Zero , which is also sugar-free , and the reduced sugar Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour , in line with the designs of the labels around the middle . But since March Coca-Cola has made the lids on all of them red , with the aim of bringing all four variants ` together under one brand ' . Many drinkers have been left baffled when confronted with the red tops associated with regular Coke on lower calorie and reduced or zero sugar bottles . Charlie Faloona posted on Twitter : ` Why on earth do the new diet coke bottles now have red lids but still a silver wrapper ? It does n't look right ' . Helen Smith added : ` Not impressed with the red lids on the diet coke ' . Catherine Lightfoot posted : ` Is there a reason why diet coke now have red lids ?! Utterly confusing ! ' Coke Life bottles also have scarlet tops after Coca-Cola decided last month to bring all four variants ` together under one brand ' Coca-Cola says the new bottles ` feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed ' And James Robinson said : ` Coke are messing with our heads . Coke zero used to have black lids . Fat Coke red . Diet coke white . Coke life green ' . A Coca-Cola Great Britain spokesperson said : ` We have recently announced we are bringing the four Coca-Cola variants together under one brand to help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the Coca-Cola range . ` As part of this we have introduced a new look across all our Coca-Cola packaging to give a more consistent look and feel . ` The new 500 ml bottles now feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed and the new red caps have the Coca-Cola variant clearly labelled on the top . ` We have been encouraged by the reaction we 've had to the changes so far . ' ` The new red caps have the Coca-Cola variant clearly labelled on the top , ' say the soft drinks company . Despite the worries expressed by fans , Coca-Cola has said it is ` encouraged by the reaction we 've had to the changes so far '