Few people would describe an 11 hour flight as calming , but British Airways ' new Mindfulness Programme is attempting to make long-haul air travel as relaxing and refreshing as possible . The Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of the airline 's new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco , known for its laid-back California vibes . Providing fliers with meditation techniques , as well as additional healthy flying tips , the programme hopes to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers - even if the journey does n't go exactly according to plan . To celebrate British Airways ' new A380 service between London and San Francisco , the airline has launched a mindfulness programme . The airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman , also the Founder of the Mindfulness Institute , to develop the recommended practices . Coleman and British Airways created several videos - tailored to pre-flight , mid-flight , and pre-arrival exercises - which will be available on board for all fliers to view . He recommends wearing comfortable clothing , choosing lighter meals on board , moderating alcohol , coffee and tea intake and ` gentle exercising , ' such as stretching , during the flight . Coleman also advocates strategic napping to help travellers adjust to a different time zone and feel revitalised upon landing . Along with healthier meal options , the Mindfulness for Travel series is full of tips to ensure a worry-free flight . The brand also tapped mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop a series of meditation videos . Coleman recommends ` gently exercising ' on board , eating lighter meals and wearing comfortable clothes . 'Em bracing the spirit of travel involves living fully in the moment , which can be cultivated through mindful practice , ' Coleman said in a statement . ` The video series I created in partnership with British Airways will help travellers develop the clarity , calm and focus necessary to get the most out of their travel experiences . ' While undoubtedly it 's a bit easier to stretch out and find your inner zen if you 're flying in Club World or First class , we 'll try just about anything to help us feel refreshed after long-distance travel .