Caroline Wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in Indiana on Monday alongside NFL star J.J. Watt . World No 5 Wozniacki was joined by Houston Texans star Watt in the stands as the pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game on Monday in Indianapolis , Indiana . The game between between the Duke Blue Devils and the University of Wisconsin 's Badgers took place at the Lucas Oil Stadium in the city and world No 5 Wozniacki seemed in great spirits alongside Watt . Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indiana alongside NFL star J.J. Watt on Monday . The sports stars seemed to share a joke as they sat in the stands together during the basketball championship . World No 5 Wozniacki and Watt watch on as Winconsin were beaten 68-63 by the Duke Blue Devils . Watt - who previously played college football for Wisconsin in 2009 and 2010 - wore his sports sweater with pride but will have been left disappointed as the Badgers lost 68-63 . Wozniacki had spent the day before the game with US president Barack Obama . She was invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll and played tennis with US President Barack Obama . US President Barack Obama plays tennis with World No 5 Wozniacki during the Easter Egg Roll . Obama was n't well dressed for tennis but nevertheless the 53-year-old gave it a good go on Monday . Obama reacts to scoring a point against Wozniacki as the pair enjoy the day hosted at The White House . The sporting ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among American people . The White House hosts the Easter Egg Roll every year on the lawn outside , inviting children and their parents to come and hunt for eggs , take part in sports activities and enjoy celebrity appearances . Although he was n't particularly dressed for tennis , the President appeared to give a fairly good account of himself against the two-time US Open runner-up . Obama and Wozniacki embrace as the event is broadcast on the popular show Live ! with Kelly and Michael . Caroline has had a difficult past year , but seems to be in a much better place now , after her long-term romance with Northern Irish golfer Rory McIlroy ended in a rather public way . The couple had been an item since 2011 and in January 2014 they announced their engagement . But just months later , 25-year-old McIlory revealed he had called off the engagement as arranging the wedding invitations ahead of their nuptials made him realise he was n't ready for the commitment . Wozniacki was engaged to Rory McIlroy in January 2014 but months later the golfing champion had ended it .