A cross-dressing robber who allegedly held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun is in custody . Wearing a blonde curly wig , red lipstick , a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat , the man allegedly robbed the Taylors Hill store last month , police say . He allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash . Scroll down for video . This is the moment an unsuspecting shop assistant came face to face with a man dressed as a woman brandishing a fake firearm during a robbery in Watervale , Victoria . A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested over the incident on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . Police said on Friday a 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date . A police statement said that investigators were told the cross-dressing robber entered the service station on Taylors Road in Taylors Hill just before 7.30 pm . The man walked to a drink fridge and after browsing what was on sale he went to the counter where he confronted a female staff member . The man was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date . As the shop assistant looks on the robber reaches down into the black bag he 's been carrying . The robber pulls out what appears to be a fake machine gun from his bag . He suddenly produced what appeared to be an imitation machine gun from a black bag and demanded the money from the till . The staff member handed over a quantity of cash which the robber placed in a bag , along with the fake firearm , and made his exit from the store . Other customers were in the store at the time of the robbery , however no one was injured during the incident . Pointing the fake machine gun directly at the shop assistant he demands the money from the till . The terrified shop assistant does what they 're told and opens the till to give the robber the cash . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .