Teenager Becky Watts had to be identified by her DNA after her dismembered body parts were found . The body of murdered teenager Becky Watts had to be identified by her DNA , an inquest into her death has heard . Becky , 16 , went missing from her Bristol home in February and her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later . An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings , involving her step-brother , take place . Nathan Matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister , while his girlfriend Shauna Hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice . Jaydene Parsons , 23 , James Ireland , 23 , and Karl and Donovan Demetrius , both 29 , are accused of assisting an offender . Miss Watts was living with her father Darren Galsworthy , and her step-mother , Anjie , before she went missing from their home in St George , Bristol , on February 19 . Her disappearance sparked a huge search . The teenager 's remains were found 11 days later on March 2 , at a house in the Barton Hill area of the city three miles away . The inquest at Flax Bourton in Somerset did not give a cause of the teenager 's death . None of Miss Watts ' family were present . Coroner 's officer Deborah Neil told the court : ` Her death was confirmed on March 3 by a pathologist . She was identified by DNA . ` The brief circumstances are that Rebecca was reported to the police as a missing person . ` She was found later at an address in the Barton Hill area . She underwent a post-mortem examination at Flax Bourton and people have since been charged in connection with her murder . ' Avon Coroner Maria Voisin adjourned the inquest until the outcome of criminal proceedings . She said the case would be reviewed in August . Scroll down for video . A funeral service for the teenager will take place on April 17 at St Ambrose Church in the Whitehall area of the city . Members of the public have raised almost £ 5,000 towards the cost of the funeral . A notice published in the Bristol Post said the church was reserved for family and close friends but the service would be relayed to mourners outside . Afterwards there will be a private family burial . Mr Galsworthy and his wife Anjie said in a statement : ` Becky was approaching the threshold of her adult life ; she had so much to look forward to and love to share with all that were close and dear to her . Miss Watts ' remains were discovered 11 days after her disappearance at a house in Barton Hill . ` We will miss her so much . ` All of us as a family , including those that knew Becky would like to express our most sincere gratitude to everyone that donated towards this day . ` Becky 's death has touched the hearts of so many people ; some from as far away as the other side of the world . ` We never expected that response but we are so very grateful for your thoughts , your prayers and your donations . Miss Watts had been living with her father in St George , Bristol , when she went missing . ` It is because of your kind support that we know the day will be a fitting tribute to a much loved daughter , grand-daughter , sister , niece and friend to so many people . ` We ask for your co-operation with regards to Becky 's final laying to rest at the cemetery . ` We would like this to be very private and out of the public gaze , allowing us to say our final goodbye as we lay her to rest . ' Matthews , of Warmley , South Gloucestershire , appeared at Bristol Crown Court on March 26 , along with five others charged in connection with the death . His girlfriend , Shauna Hoare , 21 , of Cotton Mill Lane , Bristol , is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police . Jaydene Parsons , 23 , James Ireland , and Karl and Donovan Demetrius , both 29 , are accused of helping dispose of and conceal Becky 's body parts . A plea hearing has been set for August 4 , with a provisional trial date of October 5 . All six defendants have been remanded in custody . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .