After a weekend when special goals were the norm in the Premier League , it 's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch . From Jermain Defoe 's match-winning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday , to Charlie Adam 's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea on Saturday evening , there 's plenty to choose from . Here , Sportsmail 's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they 've made his list . 5 . Alexis Sanchez -LRB- Arsenal -RRB- vs Liverpool . I ca n't believe I have to make this goal No 5 in my list . It just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend . The Chilean took a brilliant first touch before spinning to lash it home and cap a fine Arsenal move -- and a breathless first half . Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez puts the Gunners 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday . The Chilean runs off to celebrate after beating Simon Mignolet from outside the Liverpool area . Click here to see how Sportsmail rated the weekend 's Premier League goals . 4 . Bobby Zamora -LRB- QPR -RRB- vs West Brom . This was a beautiful , controlled finish from Bobby with the outside of his foot -LRB- right -RRB- . He showed incredible awareness to see the chance was on but was even quicker to sort out his feet and lift it over Boaz Myhill . Like Defoe 's , it was a hugely important goal for his team and part of a superb performance . QPR 's Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- gets in front of Joleon Lescott to score his side 's third goal against West Brom . Charlie Austin congratulates his strike partner on his goal during QPR 's 4-1 victory at the Hawthorns . 3 . Wayne Rooney -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- vs Aston Villa . Any other week and this would be being talked about in the same breath as Wayne 's overhead kick against City . To flick it up with one foot , pivot and then hit it with your other is as difficult a skill as you could wish to see , but he made it look effortless . Wayne Rooney swivels to blast a right-footed shot into the top corner of Aston Villa 's net on Saturday . The Man United captain 's effort flies past Nathan Baker -LRB- left -RRB- and Fabian Delph on its way towards goal . 2 . Jermain Defoe -LRB- Sunderland -RRB- vs Newcastle United . To hit that kind of volley on your wrong foot shows unbelievable technique . When the ball drops like that it 's so hard to put the power in but keep control . And the fact it was a vital derby winner is why I put it ahead of Wayne Rooney 's . Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe -LRB- left -RRB- smashes a volley into the top corner against Newcastle on Sunday . Defoe celebrates his stunning goal which earned the Black Cats a valuable three points on Sunday . 1 . Charlie Adam -LRB- Stoke -RRB- vs Chelsea . The best long-range strike I 've ever seen . He hit the ball so hard and from so far out -- it was an incredible goal . He showed fantastic vision and imagination to pull it off and he left Thibaut Courtois in a heap . It was a pleasure , too , to be able to cover it live on Saturday Night Football on Sky . Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam lines up an audacious shot from 66 yards against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois watches as the ball goes over his head and into the back of the net . Adam gets a hug from Glenn Whelan -LRB- left -RRB- and Stephen Ireland after making it 1-1 against the league leaders .