Manhattan 's Fifth Avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating Easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear . Whether they had just emerged from Mass , or were only there to bare their bonnets , the quintessential Big Apple thoroughfare thronged with color on Sunday afternoon . Bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on St Patrick 's Cathedral . Mad hatters : These parader-goers , pictured in front of St Patrick 's Cathedral on Manhattan 's Fifth Avenue , were among the more conservative hat-wearers in the annual Easter parade . Flower power : One of these floral bonnets , pictured next to the Rockefeller Plaza , spouted bubbles into the sunny New York sky . Classic : Some churchgoers wore more somber and refined clothing to the Mass service at the Catholic cathedral . Feathery : This elaborate piece of headgear was sported by Doris Watlington at the Fifth Avenue parade on Sunday . One woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head , while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of Mayor Bill de Blasio . As well as Christians emerging from the service , led by Cardinal Timothy Dolan , Jews , Hindus , agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk on the mild , sunny day . Roses , industrial-style black goggles , as well as moving rabbit puppets also featured in the display , which did n't just involve humans . Mary Ann Smith , a local hatmaker who wore the ship-shaped hat , said : ` It 's all about versatility ' . Explaining the design , she said : ` It 's about sailing to new heights , ' said Smith . She also created headpieces for two friends , one topped with a massive butterfly and another with a tropical umbrella dripping with felt balls and anchored to a bird 's nest . Just feet from the parade , the trio was tending to last-minute finishing touches , adding bobby pins to make sure the contraptions did n't topple . Kirsten Lee Sergeant , who wore the butterfly , said : ` It 's Easter and I did n't want to be too garish . But then again , I do have a huge butterfly on my head ! ' Ship-shape : Hat-maker Mary Anna Smith wears an Easter bonnet featuring a blue ship , which she fashioned from an elaborate kite . Elaborate rabbit : This puppet bunny was another of the out-there headpieces seen strutting down Fifth Avenue . Commentary : This woman 's hat was a diorama inspired by the city 's mayor , Bill de Blasio . Starting young : Maelie Swanson , held by her father Jeff , enjoyed the chance to put her bunny ears on parade . Onesie becomes twosie : This rabbit enthusiast was captured next to a mirrored building on the New York street . In bloom : These colorful headpieces were typical among the revelers . Eggstravagant : These two women took the egg theme to its logical conclusion , wearing depictions in cooked and raw form . The 2015 Easter Parade bore little resemblance to the first one , which started in the 1880s as a strolling display of what prosperous New Yorkers wore to Fifth Avenue churches . In recent decades , the street gathering has morphed into a sort of costume circus - including pet dogs . A sizable subsection of dogs also sported elaborate Easter costumes , painstakingly designed by their owners - although some were so heavy they animals had to be carried around rather than walk . Carmen , a 4 lbs Chihuahua , was not exactly happy with her getup . ` She did n't love this one because it 's kind of heavy , and she wo n't walk in it . But if I carry her , she 's fine , ' said owner Melissa Mejias . A consultant to the city 's Department of Education , Mejias dabbles in dog attire . She used a Simplicity pattern to sew Carmen 's coat from one of her old shirts , adorning it with a flowery headband plus a necklace purchased from a company that makes accessories for tweens . And to make sure she did n't run off into the dense crowds , Mejias kept her on a bejeweled leash . As for Mejias , she wore her mother-in-law 's old Easter hat to the parade , a dark red velvet one she 'd pulled out of a closet . ` I 'm carrying on that tradition , ' said Mejias . Dog squad : Carmen the Chihuahua poses with owneer Melissa Mejias at the parade . She was apparently not a big fan of the floral outfit , and wo n't walk with it on . Easter puppy : These two dogs seemed happier with their colorful wings and hats as they joined in with their owners . Kids , too : Sasha Bryant , left , and her sister India were also along for the parade , with relatively restrained toppings . Loopy : Davey Mitchell poses for photographs as he takes part in the Easter Parade . Rising roses : Pata Luna Llano poses for photographs with her elaborate , wireframe decoration . Back in black : Markus Kelle departed from the bright color scheme , opting for goggle-style shades , a black plume and purple lipstick . Keeping it straight : Terrie Furukawa , right , reties the hat of her aunt Yotsuko Sakamoto as they take part in the parade .