Surveys find that men in U.S. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs , and they fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units , according to interviews and documents obtained by The Associated Press . Studies that surveyed personnel found ` major misconceptions ' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs . They also revealed concerns that department leaders would ` capitulate to political pressure , allowing erosion of training standards , ' according to one document . Up to the mark ? Surveys find that men in U.S. special operations forces do not think women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs . Second best : Male special op combat troops fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units . Some of those concerns were not limited to men , researchers found , but also were found among women in special operations jobs . Dan Bland , force management director for U.S. Special Operations Command , told the AP that the survey results have ` already driven us to do some different things in terms of educating the force . ' About 68,800 people serve in the command , including 3,000 civilians . The main survey went to about 18,000 people who are in positions closed to women , and the response was about 50 percent . The high response rate , officials said , reflects the wide interest in the subject . The studies are part of the Pentagon 's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed . One survey , by RAND Corp. , reflected doubts that women could meet the overall job demands , found concerns that sexual harassment or assault could increase , and cited worries about ` unequal treatment ' of special operations candidates and personnel . Some worried that if women were let in to some jobs , they might be treated more harshly . Survey details have not been released . This was the first time that officials from Special Operations Command publicly discussed the results . Changing times : In the past the military acknowledged that women will not be able to fill every combat role . Andy Hamilton , who works with Bland and has expertise on this issue , noted that women in special operations jobs had concerns , too , about the broader integration . ` They 're concerned that this might result in the lowering of the standards in what are currently our male-only occupations , and that would then reflect on either them or on the women who come into those occupations , ' said Hamilton . Pentagon leaders lifted the ban on women in combat jobs in 2012 , but gave the military services time to integrate women gradually and systematically into the male-only front-line positions . By January 2016 , the military must open all combat jobs to women or explain why any exceptions must be made . Positions within the special operations forces , including the clandestine Navy SEAL and Army Delta units , are considered the most grueling and difficult jobs in the military , with training and qualifying courses that push troops to their physical , mental and emotional limits . The commandos often work in small teams in harsh , remote locations . As a result , those jobs are some of the last to be addressed as commanders review the qualifications needed and assess the impact of bringing in women . As integration unfolds , the surveys have brought home the reality that there are ` some reservations or misperceptions in the force in terms of why we 're doing this , ' Bland said . Defense officials have stressed that they will not reduce standards in order to let in women . Women have so far had mixed results as they try to move into the more demanding combat positions -- jobs for which men also have difficulty qualifying . New opportunities : In 2013 the Defense Department rescinded its 1994 policy restricting women from serving in combat-focused positions such as infantry units , opening up 230,000 positions to female service members . So far , about 7,200 positions within the special operations forces have been opened to women , including combat jobs in the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment , a specialized unit used to fly forces fast , low and deep behind enemy lines at night . For the first time , a woman last year made it through training and began serving as a pilot in the unit . Three female pilots , 25 women in other jobs , and 16 other women are now going through initial training for these helicopter crews , known as Night Stalkers . Most female soldiers do not want combat jobs , an earlier survey found . But among those who do , the Night Stalkers were a popular choice . Women have moved into Army artillery jobs and serve on Navy submarines and in the naval Riverine units . But none has made it through the Marine Corps ' officer infantry course . Special operations command leaders have made it clear that genuine concerns exist about incorporating women into some jobs . Examinations : The studies are part of the Pentagon 's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed . In 2013 , when the planning was in its infancy , then-Maj . Gen. Bennet Sacolick spoke of demanding nature of missions requiring forces ` to operate in small , self-contained teams , many of which are in austere , geographically isolated , politically sensitive environments for extended periods of time . ' In an email last month to members of the special operations forces across the services , Gen. Joseph Votel , head of U.S. Special Operations Command , said leaders had done initial analysis on training , facilities , education and other policies . Now , officials are examining ` the social and cultural challenges of integrating females ' into male-only jobs . Next , Votel said , officials will analyze requirements for the jobs to make sure standards are accurate and gender neutral . ` We will continue in our commitment to provide the best manned , trained , and equipped special operations personnel to execute our nation 's most difficult and sensitive missions , ' Votel said . ` With that in mind , we can assure you that our high standards will not be lowered . ' Bland said that in addition to Votel 's email to service members , leaders have discussed the issue with commanders at frequent meetings so they can better educate their troops .