The historical city of Istanbul is usually captured through photographs of its picturesque mosques , elaborate palaces and winding streets and markets . However it is the ultimate city of contrasts , with vibrant developments springing up in the middle of the old Turkish city . Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city , and captures the new , minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to Istanbul . Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of Istanbul . Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold , geometric buildings to photograph , and documents his work to his Instagram , which has over 50,000 followers . The photographer , who has lived in Istanbul for 14 years , aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city , as it contrasts with the ornate , Ottoman architecture . ` Istanbul is mystical and historic but it is also a modern city and I believe increasing the variety of aspects provides a better understanding of the city , ' the 32-year-old photographer said . ` I decided to look for something different and started searching less ornate , simpler , modern lines of the city . ` I dig every corner of the city and I spend most of my free time looking for them and finding them is like finding an oasis in a desert because Istanbul is quite like a desert of grey buildings . ' The photographer captures pictures of the bold , geometric buildings as he walks around the city . There has been an explosion in construction business in Turkey in the last 10 years with many new structures bringing different stylistic approaches . Yener admits that he has to hunt around in order to find the most dramatic and colourful ones . While photographing the colourful balconies of an apartment block , Yener also captures a resident spring cleaning . ` I usually focus on the part of the building I am interested in and crop the rest , ' he said . ` Istanbul is eastern and western at the same time . It is historical and ornate but also modern too . ` I have been living here for 14 years and it still finds a new trick to surprise me and I share some of these little surprises on Instagram . ' By placing people against the bright background , Yener adds another layer of interest to his Instagram pictures . Explaining why he snaps the unusual images , Yener explained : ` I decided to look for something different and started searching less ornate , simpler , modern lines of the city ' The photographer , who has lived in Istanbul for 14 years , aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city . The bright , minimalist designs are contrary to the opulence of the sights that are often associated with Istanbul . Yener has more than 50,000 followers on his Instagram page thanks to his unusual images . The perfect honeycomb shape of the building design is given an unusual twist thanks to one open corner in the bottom right corner . Entitled ` Overlap ' , the colourful shutter give this otherwise standard apartment block a fun flash of colour . Alongside the photo of the coloured shutters , Yener playfully wrote : ` Hi , My Name Is Yener And I 'm A Symmetry Addict '