Australia 's ` tiny hearts and balls of steel ' , it 's apparently the perfect combination in dealing with asylum seeker boats , and a policy which could be copied by Britain , according to a British commentator . Controversial The Sun columnist Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott 's government for its success in stopping the boats , which was a key election plank . But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with our policy-makers and social justice groups , in which she claimed Australia 's strategy of ` threatening them with violence ' , was the way forward . ` It 's time to get Australian , ' she wrote . Scroll down for video . ` Threaten them with violence until they bugger off ' . Controversial UK commentator Katie Hopkins has written that Australia 's approach of having ` balls of steel and tiny hearts ' should be followed as policy by the Brits . ` They -LRB- Australians -RRB- threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning ' said Katie Hopkins . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been ` praised ' for leading the charge to stop the boats . ` Their approach to migrant boats is the sort of approach we need in the Med . ` They threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning . ' Her tone has won few friends in Europe and her timing , even less so , slammed as it coincided with the drowning of up to 900 men , women and children on a sunken fishing boat , off Italy . Hopkins went on to write : ` Make no mistake , these migrants are like cockroaches . ' ` Australians are like British people but with balls of steel , can-do brains , tiny hearts and whacking great gunships . ` And their approach is working . Migrant boats have halved in number since Prime Minister Tony Abbott got tough . ' But her inflammatory remarks has led to an outcry on social media and tens of thousands joining a Change.org campaign to have her removed . A campaign has been launched by the social justice website Change.org to have Katie Hopkins removed by The Sun as a columnist . The backlash against Hopkins ' thoughts was immediate with her views slammed in social media . Twitter lit up with commentary on Katie Hopkins ' controversial views . She has suggested the UK follow Australia 's approach and ` threaten them with violence ' Katie Hopkins said : ` And their -LRB- Australian -RRB- approach is working . Migrant boats have halved in number since Prime Minister Tony Abbott got tough . ' Hopkins continued with her comments , saying : ` They might look a bit like ` Bob Geldof 's Ethiopia circa 1984 ' , but they are built to survive a nuclear bomb . ` Bring on the gunships , force migrants back to their shores and burn the boats . ' She stated that areas of the UK had now become ` festering sores , plagued by swarms of migrants and asylum seekers , shelling out benefits like Monopoly money ' . Hopkins stated that areas of the UK had now become ` festering sores , plagued by swarms of migrants and asylum seekers , shelling out benefits like Monopoly money '