Blown up in Iraq , Hannah Campbell defied the odds to have a miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb . But behind the joy of celebrating daughter Lexi-River 's first birthday , the former Army corporal has battled new agony after twice nearly dying from a mystery illness since the birth . Miss Campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture , leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care , and feared she would not be there to help Lexi-River blow out the candles on her cake . Scroll down for video . Hannah Campbell , pictured with her daughters Milly -LRB- left -RRB- and Lexi-River -LRB- right -RRB- , defied the odds to have a miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb from a blast in Basra . And as she struggled to recover , her relationship broke down with long-term partner and Lexi-River 's father Anthony McMorrow , who proposed to her on Valentine 's Day last year . Miss Campbell said : ` I was just so desperately ill that the relationship was put under extreme pressure . ' But the split was amicable , with Miss Campbell and Mr McMorrow , 32 , a marketing consultant , making Lexi-River their priority . Miss Campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in Basra she was guarding while serving with 19 Tank Transporter Squadron in 2007 as a young mum with a then three-year-old daughter , Milly , from a previous relationship . She has since split from long-term partner Anthony McMorrow -LRB- left -RRB- . She was serving with 19 Tank Transporter Squadron -LRB- right -RRB- in 2007 when the blast happened . The couple , pictured with Hannah 's daughter Milly and Anthony 's son Leo , have decided to split after Hannah began suffering from a mystery condition . She was blinded in one eye , her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered . Shrapnel damaged her abdomen , leading doctors to tell her she 'd never be able to have another child . Two years after the blast she elected to have her leg amputated , as unbearable pain had left her housebound . During her recovery she gained weight from being wheelchair-bound , going from 9 1/2 st to 21st , while post-traumatic stress disorder caused her to lose her hair . With the help of doctors Miss Campbell , from Northampton , rebuilt herself with a £ 52,500 makeover including a prosthetic leg , make-up which is tattooed on , Botox , gastric band weight loss treatment , a tummy tuck and hair extensions . She even treated herself to breast enlargements . She underwent a £ 52,500 makeover after she gained weight from being wheelchair-bound after her leg was amputated following the blast . Although doctors told her she would never conceive again , she gave birth to Lexi-River on March 31 last year . But when Lexi-River was ten days old , Miss Campbell suffered excruciating stomach pain and was rushed to hospital . Miss Campbell was previously married to husband Jamie , father to their daughter Milly . She said : ` It was like history was repeating itself as I lost so much of Milly 's childhood having operations and recovering after the blast . ' Doctors found she had a perforated ulcer and operated to stem the bleeding . Six months later she developed a larger ulcer , which perforated . She said : ` I ended up with 40 staples holding my stomach together . I was in hospital all over Christmas and finally got out in early January this year . ' Last weekend she was readmitted with stomach pains , but she was determined not to miss Lexi-River 's birthday on Tuesday and checked herself out 24 hours before , getting home in time to make cupcakes with Milly for the party . Miss Campbell said : ` Because of everything I 've been through celebrating Lexi-River 's first birthday is a milestone not only for her , but also for me . In my darkest times I feared I was n't going to make it , but I just could n't give up because of my two daughters . ' She will spend the next month having tests as doctors explore the possibility she may have a rare condition which is causing her stomach to ulcerate .