It 's been a tough 18 months for Red Bull since their dominant four years at the top of Formula One ended in 2013 . The team were well off the pace of Mercedes last season , but could at least count on Daniel Ricciardo to pick up a win or three when the Silver Arrows ran into trouble . However , Red Bull seem to have fallen even further back this season , with rivals , along with former driver and world champion Sebastian Vettel , taking the fight to Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg at the sharp end of the grid . Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . The Red Bull driver takes instructions to work on his stance as the Formula One circus arrives in Shanghai . Ricciardo smiles as he gets to grips with the stance shown to him by the martial artist . But Ricciardo looks like he has found the formula to kick-start his and the team 's season ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . The popular Australian met a martial artist at Guyi Garden for a PR event before he starts putting Friday free practice laps around the Shanghai circuit , and attempted to hold different stances and poses as he bids to improve on a sixth place finish in Australia as well as a disappointing 10th in Malaysia . The new skills may not get the few tenths needed to bring Red Bull back to the front of the grid , but the discipline picked up from the session may help him deal with what could turn out to be a frustrating season for the 25-year-old judging by the opening couple of races . Ricciardo greets his trainer ahead of the event held before the weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix action gets underway . Red Bull need some guidance following a slow start to the season which has seen them slip behind Ferrari in challenging Mercedes . There was no stopping Ricciardo from dominating Sebastian Vettel at Red Bull last season , but 2015 has been less kind so far . Ricciardo copies his trainer while trying to learn a stance at Guyi Garden in the build up to the Chinese Grand Prix . The martial artist trainer looks on as Ricciardo tries to master a stance taught to him . Ricciardo seemed to enjoy the pre-race event as he is given a helping hand by the instructor . Ricciardo shows off his balancing skills as his instructor shadows the Red Bull star . Getting the hang of it , Ricciardo gives a double fist pump as he hopes to kick-start a disappointing opening to the 2015 F1 season . Red Bull will hope Ricciardo does n't stretch his new martial art skills too much ahead of this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . Ricciardo watches and learns as photographers gather round to take pictures and videos of the event . Ricciardo greets fans after arriving at the Shangahi circuit ahead of this weekend 's Grand Prix .