The Bayern Munich squad flew back to Germany on Thursday the day after suffering a surprise defeat by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . A glum-looking Thomas Muller , Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Bavaria after their 3-1 loss at the Estadio Dragao on Wednesday . The defeat was the price the five-time European champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing , chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said . Thomas Muller , Xabi Alonso and the rest of the squad get off the bus at the airport before returning to Germany . A glum-looking Pep Guardiola prepares to board the flight in Portugal with his depleted squad . Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer and Guardiola make their way on to the plane as they return to Bavaria after defeat . Bayern , chasing a treble of domestic and European titles , travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal for their quarter-final first leg leaving injured Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery , Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba , among others , behind . ` I am not prepared to criticise the team , ' Rummenigge said in post-midnight banquet . ` There are 13 or 14 players who are at the moment healthy and have been playing three times a week . ' Bayern have been cruising towards the Bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage as the injuries seem to hardly affect them domestically . Guardiola can not believe it as he sees his side beaten 3-1 by Porto in the quarter-final first leg on Wednesday . Neuer looks exasperated as the German champions concede their second goal of the game after 10 minutes . ` But there comes a day when you are a little bit tired , when your legs feel heavy and when you lack some of your concentration , ' Rummenigge said . A lack of concentration certainly contributed to the three goals they conceded , each coming from an individual defensive mistake . What had been for much of the season their strongest asset - Bayern conceded just four goals in their first 17 Bundesliga games - was on Wednesday their Achilles heel . Jerome Boateng , Xabi Alonso and Dante , all lost possession or control near the box , allowing the Portuguese to score . Colombian Jackson Martinez rounds Neuer with ease before slotting into an empty net to put Porto 3-1 ahead . Bayern boss Pep Guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the Champions League clash . ` We imagined it differently , ' said keeper Manuel Neuer , who was lucky not to be sent off after bringing down Jackson Martinez for a third-minute penalty . ` We were not confident and did not create scoring chances . The other problem was the mistakes we made . You are punished in the Champions League for those . We know we messed up together but we have to keep going . ' While Bayern are not used to losing , they have every chance to overturn the first leg deficit , with Ribery and possibly Schweinsteiger fit for the return leg in Munich on Tuesday . ` I am not fully dissatisfied with the team , ' coach Pep Guardiola said . ` We tried everything but it is not easy against such a physical team . ` It is a complicated result but we will take a shot at it in the return leg and we will not give up that easily . '