A book of songs used by the U.S. Air Force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality . The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers . Former Tech . Sgt. Jennifer Smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 . A book of songs used by the U.S. Air Force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality . The complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th , 77th , and 79th fighter squadrons of the Air Force . But Smith said the general assigned to address her complaint also sang the sexist songs with the airmen regularly and she did not hear back from him . Set to the tune of Bye Bye Blackbird : . Back your a ** against the wall , here I come b **** and all , bye , bye cherry . I know I ai n't got a lot , but what I got will fill your t *** , bye bye cherry . I took her to my cottage in the wild woods , . And there I took advantage of her childhood . Oh my God , it was nice , cherry bye bye . The complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th , 77th , and 79th fighter squadrons of the Air Force , reports ABC News . The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair , The Kotex Song and Bestiality . One of them , The s & m Man , is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus . Another one of them comes with the warning : ` THIS SONG IS ONLY FOR A VERY FEW SICK PEOPLE !!!! ' A section of the book reads : ` This book is our thoughts , our songs and our games . ` Lesser individuals who have never strapped their a **** to a piece of flaming metal will considers these of little or no redeeming value . Because of this , the songs contained in this book are held as sacred by those of us that have . ' The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair , The Kotex Song and Bestiality . One of the songs comes with the warning : ` THIS SONG IS ONLY FOR A VERY FEW SICK PEOPLE !!!! ' It is stamped with the playing-cards logo of the 77th Fighter Squadron , which is based at Shaw Air Force Base in South Carolina . The Daily Beast reports the papers also show jailbait posters . In a press conference Tuesday on the lawsuit , Smith said co-workers mocked and harassed her after she complained . ` I filed a formal complaint , ' Smith said , reports USA Today . ` Six officers were punished in my case . All the officers received nothing more than a piece of paper reprimanding them for their behavior . All will still lead . All will oversee airmen and sexual assault claims . ' In her original complaint , Smith also said she was sexually assaulted by her master sergeant in Germany . Smith escaped that assault when several other airmen intervened . Retired Air Force Col. Don Christensen , president of Protect Our Defenders , an advocacy group for military sex assault victims told Stars and Stripes : ` This is something that is used by Air Force officers today . ` These are the commanders who sing songs about raping women as fun . ' The book is bound to look like an official Air Force publication - the bottom of its pages are labeled ` For Unofficial Use Only . Former Tech . Sgt. Jennifer Smith , -LRB- pictured -RRB- who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 . Air Force spokeswoman Capt. Brooke Brzozowske did n't comment on the lawsuit itself to ABC News , but said the book was from 2012 , before the Air Force initiating a health and welfare inspections program where such materials would have been confiscated . She said the Air Force had contacted the Inspectors General to make sure the books were not still in use . She told Stars and Stripes that as a result of a 2012 six-month investigation there were 16 allegations against eight officers at Shaw Air Force Base who failed to prevent or investigate sexual harassment , condoned or refused to remove sexually offensive material and tolerated on-duty alcohol consumption . In 2014 there were nearly 6,000 victims of sexual assault in the U.S. military this year , up eight per cent from last year , according to a study . The Pentagon report , based on an anonymous survey and shared with the Associated Press , also found that retaliation remains an ongoing problem in stern military culture that emphasizes rank , loyalty and strength . Indeed , 60per cent of the women who reported some type of unwanted sexual contact complained about social backlash from co-workers or other service members . Under fire from Congress , Pentagon leaders and the White House , the military services have launched programs to encourage reporting , provide better care for victims , step up prosecutions and urge troops to intervene when they see others in threatening situations . Congress continues to press for an overhaul of the military justice system to change the way that sexual assault cases are handled .