The Married at First Sight star who once considered leaving her groom at the altar because she was unimpressed with his looks has revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage , as her feelings for her new husband continue to grow . All three couples began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night 's episode of the FYI reality show , as the newlyweds searched for new homes to call their own , but , surprisingly , it was Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone who were brought closer together by process . And the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together . ` Now I am looking at him in a sexual way instead of just looking at him like he 's my bud , ' the 30-year-old said of her new husband . Scroll down for video . Look of love : Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in Astoria , Queens , on last night 's episode of Married at First Sight . Next step : The newlyweds later headed to their bedroom leaving viewers to wonder whether they finally ` consummated their marriage ' And while viewers have to wait until next week 's episode to see if the newlyweds did indeed take their relationship to the next level , Jaclyn hinted that physical intimacy is definitely going to develop - and soon . ` We have n't consummated our marriage yet , but it seems like -LSB- in -RSB- the imminent future that is going to happen , ' she told the cameras coyly . Jaclyn previously noted that she had n't had sex in two years and she hoped it was like ` riding a bike ' . The episode began with Ryan , 29 , who lives in Stony Brook , Long Island , with his mother and his teenage niece Kayla , traveling over three hours to spend his first night at Jaclyn 's home in Union , New Jersey . And despite Jaclyn 's initial reluctance to show any kind of enthusiasm for the marriage , it was clear that the pair had slowly started working towards a mutual feeling of respect -- and romance . Ryan could n't have been more thrilled about seeing his wife 's abode , admitting that the closer he got to her home , the more excited he became to see his new wife . Meanwhile , Jaclyn was delighted to show Ryan her home , noting that she sees the potential for their relationship more than ever . Ca n't do it : Ryan visited Jaclyn 's apartment in Union , New Jersey but told her it was too far away from his real estate job in Long Island . Major compromise : During dinner , the couple agreed to move to Astoria because it was the halfway point from their two homes . ` I am actually really excited he is coming over . I miss Ryan when he is gone , and it is surprising that I miss him - surprising for me because I do n't really miss anybody , ' she admitted . While the couple enjoyed a nice evening together , it quickly became apparent that the commute from the New Jersey location was too far for Ryan , who works as a real estate agent in Long Island . ` I would love to make a life together here , but no way , ca n't do it , ' he told her , as Jaclyn worried that finding a place to live would become a road block in their relationship . Later the two met over dinner and agreed to move to Astoria , Queens , because that is the halfway point between their homes . Jaclyn only requested that she could bring her cat and that there would be parking . ` This is my new life . I am married now , ' she said . ` This is the first major compromise that we are making . ' Final decision : Ryan and Jaclyn can be seen shaking their realtor 's hand after they agree on their first apartment together . Hug it out : The newlyweds , who were excited about taking the next step together , embraced in their new kitchen . And when it came to budgeting their finances , Jaclyn admitted that she has to have money immediately taken out of her check and moved to savings because she is a ` spender ' by nature . Ryan , who proclaimed that he was a saver , made it clear that he wanted to make his new wife happy and he did n't want her to give anything up she enjoyed . ` Do n't sacrifice what makes you happy for the sake of where we are going to live , ' he said of the cost of her dance classes , which she was worried would be too expensive to afford after their move . ` We will make it work . ' The two also agreed to split the cost of living in half , so they would both be contributing the same amount . After looking at a few places in Astoria , they agreed on a spacious one bedroom apartment for $ 2,000 a month . Emotional moment : Ryan was sad to leave his mother and his teenage niece Kayla . New life together : Jaclyn packed up her wardrobe as she prepared to move in with Ryan . ` Jaclyn and I are getting close , and I am starting to feel great about this whole experiment , ' Ryan told the cameras , while Jaclyn noted that the pair ` can be really happy ' in their new apartment . On moving day , Jaclyn received a visit from her sister and her best friend who offered her moral support . And while she was packing up her belongings , she revealed to her closest confidants that she is seeing her husband in a whole new light . ` Flying home on the plane , I feel like somebody flipped a switch , ' she said of her recent trip to spend the holidays with her husband . ` I was looking at him like this is my best friend ever and we 're buddies , and now I am looking at him differently . ' She went on to tell the cameras that she is now ` looking at him in a sexual way ' . Newlyweds : When they arrived at their new place , Ryan carried Jaclyn over the threshold . What to do : The two took a moment to figure out where they should place all of their things . ` I am looking at him like a man , ' she added . Meanwhile , Ryan got emotional as he said goodbye to his mother and his niece . Although he maintained that he wanted to be married and move in with Jaclyn , he admitted that it was hard to leave his family . On the first night in their new apartment , the two unpacked a bit before enjoying a bottle of wine and some pizza . ` I want to be more touchy and feely with you , ' Jaclyn told Ryan as they cuddled on the couch . Huge adjustment : Davina Kullar , 34 , and Sean Varricchio , 35 , can be seen speaking with real estate agent in Manhattan as they searched for a place on the Upper East Side . Not happy : Sean , who is from New Jersey , was overwhelmed by how small the apartments in Manhattan were . ` What should we do to christen the apartment ? ' Ryan teased . And when Jaclyn asked if he meant consummate the marriage , he joked : ` I am a nice Catholic boy . ' But the two eventually made their way to bedroom , leaving viewers wondering if they were finally going to become intimate weeks after their wedding day . As for Davina Kullar , 34 , and Sean Varricchio , 35 , the move seemed to be tearing them apart . Davina refused to move out of Manhattan , and as she waited for her apartment to be renovated , she and Sean looked for a new place that they could stay temporarily . But it quickly became apparent that Sean , who is an ER/trauma nurse from Jackson , New Jersey , was uncomfortable with city life as he started to pull away from his new wife . Life decision : The couple finally agreed on a place to stay while Davina 's apartment gets renovated . Hear-to-heart : Davina told Sean that he needs to show her more affection after he started pulling away from her . After the two finally agree on a place to stay on the Upper East Side , Sean continued to be overwhelmed . ` I can feel myself pulling back . We 're not affectionate . We 're not intimate , ' he admitted . Davina confessed to the cameras that Sean 's actions made her worry that his distance was about more than just geographical location and adjusting to living in New York City . She finally told him that she needs him to be more affectionate . ` Why am I helping you adapt to Manhattan , if you do n't really want to be here , ' she asked during their heart-to-heart . Stressed out : Jessica Castro , 30 , and Ryan DeNiro , 29 , learned the bedroom in this apartment is in a completely different unit than the living room and bathroom . Not our home : Jessica and Ryan can be seen having a heated discussion about an apartment they both liked . While she thought it was too expensive , Ryan said that he just wanted to take care of her and make her happy . Although Sean agreed to make more of an effort , he later told her that he had to return to New Jersey for work , leaving her alone in their apartment on what was supposed to be their first night together . Meanwhile , Jessica Castro , 30 , and Ryan DeNiro , 29 , struggled to figure out where they both should live -- and how they should budget for it . While Ryan owns a consulting business in Staten Island , Jessica , who works as a receptionist in Manhattan , does n't know how to drive , so the two compromised by agreeing to move to Brooklyn . After visiting numerous apartments , Ryan believed he found the one , but Jessica was n't thrilled with the $ 4,000 per month price tag . Jessica could only afford to contribute $ 1,000 towards their rent , and she did n't like the idea of Ryan covering so much more of the bill . Team work : After agreeing on a place in Brooklyn , Ryan helped Jessica pack on their moving day . All better : The two kissed in the bedroom of their new apartment in Brooklyn . ` We need to be able to discuss what we are spending our money on as a married couple , ' she explained . ` I would rather invest for down the line , if we stay together , to buy something . ' But Ryan said that he just wants to see ` Jess happy , ' explaining : ` As a man I want to take care of her ' . The newlyweds let the apartment go , and they eventually find one that is not only perfect , but it 's in their price range . ` This is our first big decision together , ' Jessica said of their new place . ` I hope we are on the right page . '