Nigel Farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight 's crunch election debate -- no booze until 6 pm . The Ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' before the two-hour live TV showdown . But he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6 pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against Britain 's six other political party leaders . admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6 pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against Britain 's six other political party leaders . Mr Farage , speaking on FubarRadio.com , said : ` I think that for a big event like this there is a risk people over-prepare . They are over-scripted . ` They have decided what their lines are before they go in front of the camera to answer the questions . ' He added : ` I just want to keep my mind as clear as I possibly can and not have a drink -- until after 6 o'clock . ' A Ukip aide had previously admitted Mr Farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate . Asked what preparations Mr Farage would be making today ahead of the debate , the spokesman said : ` He 'll have a couple of gin and tonics and on you go . ' Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight 's ITV showdown . Mr Cameron insisted he was not nervous and was ` relishing ' the prospect of the two-hour debate in the ITV studios at Salford 's MediaCityUK -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Ed Miliband arrives for a q & a session at Bury Town Hall ahead of the televised Leaders debate in Manchester tonight . David Cameron met pupils during his visit to King 's Leadership Academy in Warrington while on the General Election campaign trail . He has admitted feeling ` pretty good ' about his TV test , telling Sky News : ` I hope the truth comes out on some issues . ` Particularly , I shall be arguing and asking the Prime Minister and others , will they please admit that , as members of the EU , we can not have an immigration policy of any kind at all . ' Mr Cameron and Mr Farage will share the platform tonight with Labour 's Ed Miliband and Lib Dem Nick Clegg , SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , the Green Party 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood . Green Party Leader Natalie Bennett meets supporters and media in Piccadilly Gardens as she arrives in Manchester today . It is the only time Mr Cameron will go up against Mr Miliband , with one of them certain to be Prime Minister after May 7 . Mr Cameron had earlier joked that he would use jujitsu to ` put Nigel Farage on the floor ' -- after asking schoolchildren about the best way to deal with the Ukip leader . The PM later backtracked , insisting there will be ` no bodily contact ' during the debate . All of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight 's debate , with Mr Cameron facing the prospect of having to defend the Tory-led government from attack on several fronts . Mr Cameron visited King 's Leadership Academy in Warrington , where he spoke to pupils about their favourite sports . Chatting in a playground , the Tory leader said : ` In this debate tonight , jujitsu , is that the right thing ? ' To laughter he added : ` Shall I get Nigel Farage and put him on the floor , is that OK ? ' But later he played down the idea of physical violence , telling reporters : ` It was a joke . There 'll be no bodily contact tonight . ' Mr Cameron insisted he was not nervous and was ` relishing ' the prospect of the two-hour debate in the ITV studios at Salford 's MediaCityUK . Mr Cameron told reporters : ` It is a chance to get across that we have a long-term economic plan that is working . ' Mr Clegg meanwhile has said he will go for a walk to ` clear my head ' before making his way to the TV studios , while Mr Miliband said the best preparation was ` getting out to meet people ' . Addressing supporters in Bury , Mr Miliband said the most important people on the night for him were not the other six leaders or moderator Julie Etchingham but ` the British public ' . Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood arrives at the ITV Studios at MediaCityUK in Salford Quays today . Lots have been drawn to agree where each of the leaders will stand and when they get to speak . The agreed line up behind the podiums will be , from left to right : Natalie Bennett -LRB- Green -RRB- , Nick Clegg -LRB- Lib Dem -RRB- , Nigel Farage -LRB- Ukip -RRB- , Ed Miliband -LRB- Labour -RRB- , Leanne Wood -LRB- Plaid Cymru -RRB- , Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- SNP -RRB- and David Cameron -LRB- Conservative -RRB- . Names drawn out of a hat also helped to decide who will get to speak first , with Ms Bennett opening proceedings and Mr Cameron having the final word by giving the last closing remarks . The two-hour live debate will be be screened from 8 pm to 10 pm . Each leader will give an opening statement to a studio audience of around 200 people . They will then be allowed to deliver an uninterrupted one-minute answer to each question , before 18 minutes of debate on each question . There will be just four ` substantial election questions ' covered during the night . Each leader will then give a closing statement to the cameras , before the programme ends at 10 pm .