Their Chipotle lunch became a media storm . But that was just the start for Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin . And so , relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off , the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in New York - with another Mexican bite . The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two-year-old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon . Scroll down for video . Before the campaign heats up : Hillary Clinton 's aide Huma Abedin -LRB- left -RRB- was spotted grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and three-year-old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday . Low profile : Weiner -LRB- second left -RRB- and Adebin wore baseball caps as they enjoyed their lunch with their son . Weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion . Skipping Chipotle : Their restaurant of choice was two doors down from the popular fast food Mexican diner . Abedin and Clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an Iowa Chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained Abedin did not put any change in the tip jar . Chipotle does not always have tip jars . The family was pictured inside at a table , where Weiner swung his New York Mets baseball cap backwards while he ate . It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle . Grabbing a burrito bowl and a salad , the pair dashed back out to the ` Scooby Van ' - and failed to pay a tip . This time , with her boss out of sight , Abedin side-stepped Chipotle and opted instead for a more upmarket eatery next door : Tortaría . Weiner and Abedin both wore baseball caps in the restaurant off Union Square , where tortas range from $ 7.50 to $ 11 . As well as food served at the table , customers can also buyMexican fare to use at home . Weiner , a former congressman , fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over Twitter . He ordered the family 's food as his wife sat with headphones in listening to a conference call . Abedin 's husband Weiner is the disgraced former congressman who was caught sending explicit images to women over Twitter 's private message system . The couple stayed together throughout the saga in 2011 . The family will no doubt have to ride out more storms with fierce Republican campaigns against Hillary . Classy : The restaurant also doubles as a bodega , selling Mexican-inspired pantry staples . Keen to get going : Abedin looks back as Weiener brings up the rear , holding his son 's scooter and helmet in one hand . It was a quiet and relaxed day for the family as they embark on a doubtless hectic journey toward the 2016 election . Rand Paul quipped on Saturday that the Clinton campaign will require two planes wherever they go - ` one for her entourage , and one for her baggage ' . ` I 'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering , ' Paul said . Opinions were divided over whether the former Secretary of State nailed her attempt to woo Middle America with her tour of Iowa . Not the only one with a taste for Mexican : Marco Rubio also dipped into Chipotle for lunch the other day . In a bid to win over the everyman , she met with voters and laid out her vision for a campaign to be a champion for the average American . And , of course , visited Chipotle . Clinton is not the only presidential hopeful who has been seen tucking into Mexican fast food on the trail as they each try to court Hispanic and low-income voters . Republican hopeful Marco Rubio has also grabbed a Chipotle lunch . Jeb Bush , however , admits that is not on his to-do list - as he and his Colombian wife cook ` authentic ' Mexican food at home .