An Oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast , el chupacabra . Vonda Thedford , 55 , told Fox News that she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . When she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ` a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail ' . In a bid to document the unusual-looking beast , she whipped out her camera phone . Scroll down for video . Caught on camera : An Oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood sucking beast , el chupacabra -LRB- above -RRB- . The restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter . ` I know it 's something logical , ' Thedford said , ` I know it 's not an alien , I know it 's not Bigfoot 's aborted child , like people are coming up with . ' Desperate to unravel the mystery , Thedford revisited the dead animal . As the flesh had rotted away , she took the remaining bones with her . Strange encounter : Vonda Thedford , 55 , told Fox News that she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . She noted that although the area stunk of death , there were strangely no flies or maggots around . Wildlife experts who studied the skeleton told Fox News the bones appear to be from a young dog . However , Thedford insists she stumbled across something far more sinister . ` I lived a long time in New Mexico and they call it the ` chupacabra ' out there so that 's what we 've been calling it . ' The legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in Puerto Rico , where many local farmers claimed to have seen the animal after finding their livestock had been killed . Left behind : Desperate to unravel the mystery , Thedford revisited the dead animal - as the flesh had rotted away , she took the remaining bones with her . Bizarre discovery : Thedford says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter . Explanation : Wildlife experts who studied the skeleton told Fox News they appear to be from a young dog . Sightings of the animal have been reported throughout Mexico and much of the US , particularly in the Southwest , where it is usually determined that suspected chupacabras are just emaciated , sickly coyotes . The description of the chupacabra varies , but typically those who claim to see the animal describe it as being about the size of a small bear , with a row of spines along its back . In 2004 , a rancher near San Antonio killed a supposed chupacabra that he claimed had been killing his livestock . DNA from the animal later revealed that it was a coyote with demodectic or sarcoptic mange . In a dozen other cases where the suspected chupacabra 's body has been discovered , DNA testing showed that the animal was some sort of wild canine with severe skin disorders , particularly mange . LEGEND OF EL CHUPACABRA . The word comes from two Spanish words - ` chupar ' , to suck , and ` cabra ' , goat . The first reported sighting was in 1995 , when eight sheep were found dead in Puerto Rico with identical puncture wounds to the chest and completely drained of blood . Thus , the legend of the livestock killing , vampire-like chupacabra was born . Since then , the legendary beast has been spotted across the Americas and even the world . A Mexican incident where 35 sheep were found mysteriously dead was blamed on El Chupacabra in 2012 . Earlier this year , yet another Mississippi sighting came when a Leake County man actually shot and killed what he claimed was El Chupacabra . Even a Belarusian town had a Chupacabra sighting this past July . SCIENCE ATTEMPTS TO EXPLAIN . Scientists often speculate that hairless creatures believed to be El Chupacabra are actually wildlife like coyotes , foxes , and stray dogs infested with parasites . Most commonly pointed to is the parasite Sarcoptes scabiei , which causes mange . Mange is a painful , potentially life threatening condition which can cause complete hair loss in mammals and can also cause their skin to shrivel , making for an even more ghoulish looking beast . In humans , Sarcoptes scabiei causes scabies and a consequent itchy , painful rash as the parasites burrow around , leaving their feces under the skin . ` Goat sucker ' : The legend of El Chupacabra likely originates from a 1995 case in Puerto Rico where 8 sheep were found dead with puncture wounds . It has been described as hairless , or as having spines along its back , and as having blue or red eyes .