C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on Tuesday as Indiana kept their playoff hopes alive with a 99-95 victory over Washington . The Pacers -LRB- 38-43 -RRB- have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at Memphis - or if Brooklyn loses to Orlando - on the final night of the regular season . Martin Gortat and Bradley Beal each scored 19 points for the Wizards -LRB- 46-35 -RRB- . Indiana Pacers guard C.J. Miles scored 25 points during his side 's vital win over the Washington Wizards . George Hill also played a major role in the Pacers ' victory against the Wizards at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse . It was a grind for the Pacers , who struggled shooting all night and trailed 70-61 with 7:07 left . They rallied to take a late 79-75 lead , then Washington forced overtime . Indiana did n't lead again until Hill 's mid-range jumper 23 seconds into the second overtime made it 87-85 . And Hill finally sealed it with a three-pointer with 27.8 seconds left . Clippers point guard Chris Paul 's 22 points , including six three-pointers , led Los Angeles over the injury-depleted Phoenix Suns 112-101 in LA 's final regular-season game before the playoffs . The Clippers clinched the West 's No 3 seed with the win . Blake Griffin hit his first six shots on his way to 20 points as Clippers coach Doc Rivers gave his starters major minutes with a higher playoff seeding on the line . DeAndre Jordan had 13 points and 14 rebounds , setting the Clippers ' single-season record for rebounds in a season . The Los Angeles Lakers won their final game of the regular season by defeating Phoenix Suns . Los Angeles -LRB- 56-26 -RRB- can finish with the No 2 seed if the San Antonio Spurs and Houston Rockets lose their final games on Wednesday . The Suns were down to eight available players , Archie Goodwin leading Phoenix with a season-high 18 points . In Boston , Jae Crowder hit an off-balance fall-away shot from deep on the right wing with 0.8 seconds left as the Celtics edged the Toronto Raptors 95-93 to secure the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference . Evan Turner and Avery Bradley each scored 14 points for Boston , who will face No 2 seed Cleveland in the playoffs . Brandon Bass added 13 points and nine rebounds . It was the fifth straight win for the Celtics , who clinched a playoff spot on Monday when Brooklyn lost . Kyle Lowry had 16 points for the Raptors , who are locked into the fourth seed and will face Washington . Toronto beat the Wizards in all three meetings this season . Lou Williams also had 16 points for Toronto , Terrence Ross scored 12 and Jonas Valanciunas ' 11 .