A sex offender has been jailed for fatally stabbing a forensic science student who dreamed of becoming a policewoman after befriending her on a canal towpath . David Marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of Eni Mevish , a 20-year-old student at Staffordshire University . The 68-year-old stabbed her in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met because he was ` jealous ' of her other friendships , Stafford Crown Court heard . The pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife . Eni Mevish was killed by a sex offender who stabbed her in the lungs , liver and heart six months after she befriended him while out jogging . The pair are thought to have met around six months earlier when Miss Mevish , originally from Manchester , was out jogging . Prosecutors told the court Miss Mevish had received financial support from the pensioner , though the nature of their friendship is not clear . On November 9 the 20-year-old received a number of text messages thought to have been from Marshall . While she was watching a film with fellow student Rizwan Bukhari , Marshall is understood to have arrived at her house drunk . He asked Mr Bukhari to leave them alone before being heard ` swearing , shouting ' and asking ` why did n't you text me ? ' The 22-year-old student then heard a ` slow scream ' and tried to intervene but was struck by the sex offender 's knife . David Marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he killed Eni , a 20-year-old student . After Marshall had fled the scene he discovered Miss Mevish 's body in a pool of blood and phoned an ambulance . She had been stabbed in her heart , liver and lungs and died in hospital . Appearing via video link in Stafford Crown Court Marshall was told he must serve a minimum term of 20 years and six months for her killing . Sentencing , Judge John Wait said it was clear the sex offender had intended to hurt her . ` You came to be jealous of her friendships with fellow students and sought to distance her from them . ` It is clear you had in mind violence when you went to her home . ' The court heard how at the time of the attack Marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl . ` At the time of this terrible offence you were on licence following a sentence for an offence of indecent assault , ' added Judge Wait . ` It was a condition of your licence that you notify your supervising -LRB- probation -RRB- officer of any developing friendship with a woman . ` It is noteworthy that you failed to tell your supervising officer of the relationship -LRB- with Eni -RRB- though you were asked on many occasions . ' In a statement released by police Miss Mevish was described as ` beautiful , clever and with her whole life ahead of her . ' ` Eni was a loving sister and daughter who was taken from us suddenly and violently . ` We are so proud of her achievements . We are devastated by her death . ` Nothing can make up for that but we are glad Marshall is now paying for his actions . ' The 20-year-old was studying to become a police woman at the time of her death . ` She would train really hard as she was so determined to join the police . ` Eni would run through the park and when she saw an officer she would say `` that 's what I want to be ' '' - she just wanted to help , ' said close friend Melanie-Vanessa Enyong . The 20-year-old aspiring policewoman was in her second year of a degree in Policing and Criminal Investigation when she was murdered . ` She only ever wanted the best for people because she loved exercising so much she used to encourage us to get out there with her - that was the type of person she was . ' She is thought to have met Marshall while out running though details of their friendship are not known . One of her former lecturers said she was a ` warm-hearted and conscientious ' student . Speaking on behalf of Staffordshire University , Professor Andrew Jackson said : ` She is greatly missed by all who knew her . ` Today 's events bring that loss into sharp focus and our thoughts are particularly with her family at this very difficult time . ' She is thought to have met Marshall while out running though details of their friendship are not known . In the days after her death Thomas Barnes described how her housemate , Rizwan Bucari , had come into a shop to ask for help after seeing Marshall flee her body . ` She had blood pouring from a stab wound in her stomach , and cuts all up her arm . ` By the time the ambulance arrived , her breathing was very weak . I told them what had happened and moved so I did n't get in their way . ` It was surreal , after being in direct contact with that kind of situation it 's hard to concentrate on anything else . ' Marshall stormed the student 's shared house in Shelton , Stoke on Trent , -LRB- street pictured above -RRB- and killed her with a kitchen knife .