Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice . McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for United players sales . Since selling prize assets Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £ 2million on transfer deadline day , United have won just once , in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer . Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara . McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results . After 10 games without a win , the heat was turned up on McNamara on Wednesday night when United lost 3-1 at Dens Park -- their first derby defeat to Dundee since November 2004 . However , as McNamara comes under increasing pressure from United fans , some of whom believe his position is untenable , Armstrong yesterday backed his old boss to ride out the most testing period of his managerial career . ` Jackie McNamara is a good guy . He was always really nice to me when I was at United - and he is capable of turning it around , ' said the 23-year-old . Celtic unveil former Dundee Utd teammates Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven following their exit . ` Yes , United are having woes just now . They are on a bad run of form , and the injuries are n't really helping either . But these things happen in football . I am sure Jackie McNamara and United will turn it around -- it 's just a matter of time . ' Asked yesterday if this spell was the toughest test so far of his managerial career , McNamara said : ` Not really . We went through a spell last year but it 's things I 'll learn from . I am learning so it 's been good in that sense . ` I 've learned different things , reasons for things and different scenarios recently . I think that will stand me in good stead . ' Mackay-Steven -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates his goal with former Dundee United teammate John Rankin . Ex-United defender Mark Wilson , who also left Tannadice in January , insists the root of the current crisis at United has been their losing streak - not the manager 's controversial bonus scheme . United face Hamilton today , who have not won in 12 matches , and Wilson believes ` bruised figure ' McNamara can win back the fans if he can restore his team to winning ways . ` The bonus row does n't sit well with the fans , ' conceded Wilson . ` But that 's purely because the team is losing . If the team was winning it would all be brushed under the carpet . ` Does the manager look a bruised figure right now ? Yes , but you can see why ! He ' s built a successful attacking team and his players are getting ripped away . Former Dundee United ace Armstrong celebrates with Mackay-Steven after scoring for Celtic . ` You do n't know whether the players had clauses , or whether it 's been a decision made at the top of the club , but if you took Armstrong and Mackay Steven out of any team it would leave a massive hole . ` Take away Andrew Robertson and Ryan Gauld , who were sold last summer , that 's four mainstays of last year 's team now gone . ` Those are big shoes to fill , and I 'm sure the likes of Aidan Connolly and Blair Spitall , if given time , will do that . Jackie has shown he can go out and buy and rear genuine stars . I believe there is still enough quality there for United to grind out results and start climbing up the league . '