Izaak Gillen -LRB- above -RRB- , seven months , was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter 's Oregon City home . He was pronounced dead the next day . A seven-month-old boy 's death has been ruled a homicide after he suffered a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter and later died . Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children 's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day , said Oregon City Police Sgt. Matthew Paschall . Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture , according to OregonLive . Justin and Stacy Gillen , the boy 's parents , said on Wednesday in a statement that they are deeply saddened by the loss of their son and that they plan to donate some of his organs . ` Izaak was an inquisitive and curious little boy , who explored the world with a twinkle in his eyes and a smile on his face , ' the couple said . ` He was our happy beautiful little baby . Although this is a tragic event , we take some comfort knowing Izaak was able to save the lives of other children by donating 3 of his organs . ` In his seven months , Izaak touched many lives . ' No arrests have been made in the incident and investigators are still looking into what led up to Izaak 's injury , according to the Portland Tribune . The incident occurred on April 6 when authorities were called to the babysitter 's home on 9th Street around 1 pm . Izaak was then taken to the hospital where it was discovered he had a skull fracture , said Paschall . The state medical examiner 's office determined the child 's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy . Paschall told Koin 6 News that the parents are coping as best as they can following the incident , and that they have been ` great in helping with the investigation and doing everything they can to make sure we get all of the facts straight ' . He also said he is confident no other children are in danger following the incident saying investigators and detectives have taken steps to ensure everyone is safe . ` Ultimately the goal is to arrest who is responsible for this and hold them accountable , ' said Paschall . The state medical examiner 's office concluded the child 's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy -LRB- above file photo of Randall Children 's Hospital where Izaak later died from the injury -RRB- .