Alan Pardew has warned Crystal Palace 's Barclays Premier League admirers that if they want to sign Yannick Bolasie this summer then the bidding will have to start at £ 20million . It has been suggested that a £ 10m bid could tempt Palace into selling the winger , who has excelled since Pardew arrived in January and launched the club up the table . But the Palace manager is adamant that the club 's leading assets do not want to leave -- and any players that do go will not be sold cheaply . That applies particularly to Bolasie , who scored a hat-trick in the demolition of Sunderland last week . Yannick Bolasie -LRB- centre -RRB- of Crystal Palace celebrates scoring against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Alan Pardew says Bolasie bidding will have to start at £ 20m for his star to leave Selhurst Park . Responding to a question about Joel Ward 's contract extension , Pardew said : ` It was good news for us this week -LRB- with Ward -RRB- . We wanted to send a statement that our players will be very , very difficult to take away . ` One , because they enjoy their football and two because we are going forward . Brede Hangeland said to me when he was at Fulham that he sensed that no one wanted to leave . -LRB- There was a report of a -RRB- £ 10m price on Bolasie . Blimey . ` It needs to be more than double that to get near him . We are in a great financial position . I am not getting carried away with where we are but we are doing very well in the Premier League . ' That form includes four straight wins ahead of Tony Pulis 's return to Selhurst Park on Saturday . Pardew believes Pulis should get a good reception at the club which he transformed last season before leaving days before this campaign started . Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace 's demolition of Sunderland last week away from home . Pardew is demanding more than £ 20m for Bolasie to be taken away from Crystal Palace during the summer . But Pardew also indicated that his own job in lifting Palace this season had spared Pulis a potentially rocky return . He said : ` Tony achieved fantastic results here last season . For sure I would n't be here and a lot of these players would n't be here if he had n't done that , so we are thankful to him . ` He should also be thankful that we are in the position we are in , and that the players and myself have got the team where it is , because the reception could have been very different if we were in the relegations zone and leaving so shortly before the season started . I think that is good for him and he deserves that . Hopefully tomorrow he gets the reception that he warrants . ' Pardew has targeted a top-10 finish , saying : ` Top 10 is a realistic aim and then we want to build on that . The chairman has done a fantastic job . I will be banging his door down in the summer for some big signings . ' Bolasie scores against Sunderland as he helped Crystal Palace beat the struggling Premier League side .