Lord Janner escaped justice after the UK 's top prosecutor over-ruled the advice of two of the country 's most senior QCs , it emerged last night . Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes . Both Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC , leading counsel to the investigation , offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute . Scroll down for video . Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ` ignored the advice ' of to top QCs to charge Lord Janner . Police began investigating Lord Janner , pictured , after allegations of historic child-sex abuse werer made . In particular Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts provided by victims during the exhaustive police inquiry . But Mrs Saunders decided that it was not in the public interest to put Lord Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer 's , sparking a storm of controversy . The latest revelation came as Mrs Saunders endured a barrage of criticism for ending the case before it could reach court . Campaigners , MPs and victims believe a ` trial of the facts ' could have satisfied the need to get the bottom of the appalling claims against Janner whatever his mental state . Figures from across the political spectrum are clamouring for the decision be reversed amid fears of a ` whitewash ' . Last night , two senior Government figures joined the chorus of disapproval and said the concerns were justified . Clare Montgomery QC , right and Eleanor Laws QC , left , both recommended Janner should face trial . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said there was something ` very strange ' about the decision and Health Minster Norman Lamb called for the matter to be settled by the courts . Accusing the CPS of ` heinous errors ' , Mr Lamb said the authorities should examine precedents of people with dementia being brought to trial . ` My concern is that because the DPP and indeed the Crown Prosecution Service at a local level have made errors in this case , heinous errors by failing to bring a prosecution earlier when there was evidence there to do so , ' he said . ` This matter should not be concluded by the DPP and should be brought before a court . ` There is a precedent of people with dementia being brought to trial . With allegations as serious as this it seems to me that this is the right approach . ' Mr Hunt said Boris Johnson and Home Secretary Theresa May had been ` right ' to express concern at the decision . ` I think she 's right to do so and I think Boris is right to do so as well because I think we all think that there is something very , very strange here where someone was signing official letters only a matter of weeks ago and is somehow escaping prosecution for something so incredibly serious , ' he said . Meanwhile Lord Carlile , a Lib Dem peer and leading legal expert , said that although there was strong evidence that Lord Janner was suffering from dementia , the decision not to proceed with legal action should be reconsidered . Earlier this week , leading politicians from seven parties came together to attack the latest decision not to prosecute Lord Janner and demand the decision be reversed amid public concerns of a ` whitewash ' . The cross-party group , led by Labour 's Simon Danczuk , wrote to The Times saying : ` As long as justice is not seen to be done and the greater public interest is not served , the public will see attempts to investigate establishment figures involved in historic child abuse as a whitewash . ' Mrs Saunders announced last week that there was enough evidence to charge Janner with 22 crimes against nine victims but said it was not in the public interest to do so . Mrs Saunders ' decision not to prosecute came after a two-year multi-million pound inquiry by Leicestershire Police examining allegations spanning four decades . It led to a furious public row with victims saying they will never see justice and police threatening a High Court legal challenge . Mrs Saunders defended her decision saying it is her duty to make the right judgment even when it is unpopular . But the Daily Mail can reveal Clare Montgomery QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute . Mayor of London Boris Johson , pictured , has expressed concern over the failure to charge Lord Janner . She told Mrs Saunders it was unlikely prosecutors would be ` susceptible ' to a judicial review if she took Janner to court . Senior lawyers feared Janner 's legal team , closely advised by his QC son Daniel , would try and block the case with a High Court challenge focusing on his ill health . But Mrs Montgomery is understood to have said that as long as prosecutors had the support of his alleged victims it was unlikely any such review would be successful . Eleanor Laws QC , who was leading counsel to the investigation , recommended that he be charged . Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts provided by victims during the exhaustive police inquiry . Mrs Saunders concluded that there was enough evidence to prosecute but Janner 's ill health prevented any criminal proceedings . She appointed two of the country 's foremost dementia experts who concluded his dementia is at an advanced stage and would never improve . They were Professor Michael Kopelman , of King 's College London , and Dr Katherine Humphreys , of the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust . At least 10 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 , including six in the past year . Mrs Saunders has told friends that she has no intention of quitting over the Janner row . One said : ` She says she will not be hounded out of office . She is absolutely determined to stay in post . ' In the coming months , she is due to rule on whether Rupert Murdoch 's News UK should face corporate charges over the phone hacking scandal which engulfed the News of the World . Scotland Yard detectives investigating alleged corporate crime are seeking to bring a case that would force senior executives to be held to account . A Crown Prosecution Service spokeswoman confirmed Mrs Laws advised Mrs Saunders to prosecute and said Mrs Montgomery was consulted on an ` ancillary matter ' . She said : ` It is the Director of Public Prosecution 's job to make these extremely difficult decisions , and that is what she has done in this case . ` As the ultimate decision maker , she receives advice from a number of internal and external lawyers but the decision is based , ultimately , on her own assessment of the relevant law and circumstances of the case , no one else 's . '