As every celebrity and fashionista knows , no look is complete without a statement bag . But for many stars , such as Madonna who 's been showing off her mock croc ` dealer ' purse , that statement is becoming increasingly controversial , with clutches and handbags emblazoned with unsavoury slogans and pictures . And bad taste bags now seem to be everywhere , with designers incorporating weapons , naked women and even abandoned babies into their ranges . FEMAIL takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department . Madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug related slogan , after the pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on Instagram on Sunday . Madonna 's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ` dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering . Sharing the snap of her new bag on Instagram on Sunday , the pop legend wrote , ` Dealers Choice ! My favorite new handbag by Mawi ! ' , which she followed by dice , gun and love heart emoticons , plus the hash tag #rebelheart . Known for pushing the boundaries , Madonna 's latest luggage comes from East London designer Mawi Keivom , who specialises in bejeweled luxury accessories . Though the bag appears to be a Hermes Kelly , the customisation is bound to be seen as inappropriate by many and follows closely on Madonna 's other opinion-splitting move - kissing Drake live on stage . Never far from a controversial fashion trend , Rihanna carried not one , but two gun themed bags while out for dinner in Santa Monica last autumn . The singer also has a gun tattoo on her torso . Rihanna is a woman after Madonna 's heart and last autumn was spotted carrying not one but two gun-themed bags while out for dinner in Santa Monica . She carried a black leather Saint Laurent clutch with white line drawings of various weapons , while her black leather cross-body bag was in the shape of a gun holster . The singer seems to have a thing for the deadly weapon and even has a revolver tattoo under her right armpit . However , Rihanna does n't draw the line at just guns and in 2013 , she was spotted carrying two clutches embroidered with cannabis leaves . She has also rocked a Vivienne Westwood bag decorated with appliqued neon mock crock leather cut in the shape of a penis . The singer does n't draw the line at just guns either . In 2013 Rihanna was spotted carrying a black clutch bag decorated with a cannabis leaf . Rihanna saw the humour in the clutch bag gifted to her by British designer Vivienne Westwood in 2013 -LRB- left -RRB- ; and the Barbardos singer has never made any effort to hide her love of cannabis -LRB- right -RRB- . Rumer Willis , meanwhile , has previously jumped on the gun-bag bandwagon with a black leather ` Guardian Angel ' bag by Vlieger and Vandam . The tote is decorated with a full moulded outline of a handgun , intended to give the impression that the accessory contains the deadly weapon . The brand also has a knife version of the same style of bag , and a slightly less aggressive handcuff design . Daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore , Rumer Willis has also landed herself at the centre of the handbag controversy , with this ` Guardian Angel ' bag by designer label Vlieger and Vandam . The brand also has a knife version of the same style of bag , and a slightly less aggressive handcuff design . But when it comes to eyebrow-raising accessories , Rihanna and Madonna are mere amateurs compared with artist Grayson Perry , who designed his own brown leather bag in the shape of a scrotal sac on one side , and a bottom on the other . In December 2013 Channel 4 's Liberty of London behind-the-scenes documentary focused on the item , which was conceived by the artist and realised by leather craftsman Andy Bates . The one-of-a-kind bag also includes a leather ` appendage ' which is completed by a small gold bell supplied by Perry himself . Bates said : ` It took months to construct the bag . ` Firstly I had to carve a wooden former and then soak hand-dyed , bark-tanned calfskin in water so that it became malleable and could be moulded around the oaken testicles , a technique which is centuries old . ` Upholstery nails had been driven in so that the details of the `` pimples '' could be brought out . ` The two halves of the bag were shaped then hand-stitched together using waxed , linen thread . ` Finally , a bell , which had been supplied by Grayson himself , was added to the end of the appendage and given a ceremonial and celebratory jingle of completion . ' Grayson Perry 's scrotal sack handbag is designed to look exactly like it 's real-life inspiration . The fully functioning handbag even has a carefully placed ` flower ' on the reverse , to symbolise another key body area . US designer James Piatt has made his name by making controversial accessories , including his Peacemaker design , made with a knuckleduster handle . Priced from $ 89 to $ 169 , the website reads : ` In an age when it is difficult to avoid terror take charge of the streets and look fashionable with a PeaceKeeper handbag . ' Piatt 's collection also features the Foundling bag , up to $ 539 , which features a stylised representation of a crying baby kicking arms and legs in the air , was inspired by ` an infant that has been deserted ' . A variety of charms are available to buy for the bag , including an airplane , a pack of cigarettes and an open window , in a reference to the kidnapping of Charles Lindbergh 's baby and Michael Jackson 's dangling of his son Prince outside a Berlin window . ` In an age when it is difficult to avoid terror take charge of the streets and look fashionable with a PeaceKeeper ™ handbag , ' says American designer James Piatt . Piatt 's collection also features the Foundling bag , inspired by ` an infant that has been deserted , ' and for which you can buy various charms including an airplane , a pack of cigarettes and an open window . Yet on of the most outrageous mistakes came from high street brand Zara , which sold a canvas hold-all with images of flowers , animals - and a swastika . While in Hinduism , Buddhism and Jainism the symbol signifies auspiciousness and well-being , this meaning was not apparent to customers who could n't overlook its strong association with Nazi Germany . Zara was quick to retract the bag , releasing a statement saying that it had been designed by an external supplier , and that nobody had noticed the finer details of its decoration . In 2007 Spanish fashion chain Zara was forced to retract this handbag design which featured swastika details . Chanel 's Dubai audience branded this handbag as rude , offensive and gimmicky , claiming that Karl Lagerfeld was wrong to showcase the petrol can shaped bag in his collection inspired by the emirate . Meanwhile , though Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld often courts controversy , he was caught unawares by the negative reactions to his oil can handbag . Designed for his Cruise 2014/15 Chanel show in Dubai , and said to be inspired by the culture of the emirates , many criticised his offering as rude , offensive and gimmicky . While some saw past the cliche stereotyping , others were quick to note how disappointed they were that Lagerfeld had chosen to represent their identity in such a way . But he 's not the first person to give a classic bag a controversial twist . In December 2013 , Kanye West commissioned an artist to paint a bizarre scene featuring nude women and mane in monster masks an iconic Hermes Birkin bag . Though deemed an eyesore by many , opinion had softened by time Kim debuted her second defaced Hermes bag , this time handpainted by daughter North West last November . Iconic handbag collectors were appalled to see Kanye West 's 2013 Christmas gift to Kim Kardashian - a Hermes Birkin bag ` defaced ' with a painting Kanye commissioned from an artist . Kim also owns a second hand painted Hermes handbag which was met with softer opinion , after it was revealed the bag was decorated by Kim 's daughter North West . Another bag that has gone down in the controversial hall of shame is a canvas tote bag sold by DoeClothes on Amazon that says ` Mommy drinks because you are bad . ' Luggage designers are the only ones getting in on the act - label companies are too . A luggage sticker created by two male designers from Vancouver caused uproar when it was released , displaying a traumatised woman bound and gagged , seemingly in your suitcase . Sold on thecheeky.com , the $ 7.50 stickers were all meant to look as though the suitcase had been torn open to reveal illicit contents such as stacks of cash , bags of cocaine or sex toys . The Canadian government was unimpressed , however , and the stickers were made unavailable to Canadian consumers . Right : slogan bags regularly push the limits of dark humour , much like this canvas tote bag sold by DoeClothes on Amazon . Left : a luggage sticker created by two male designers from Vancouver , which displays a traumatised woman bound and gagged , seemingly in your suitcase .