Politicians ' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like -LRB- or unlike -RRB- us they really are . It is the current Prime Minister 's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders ' -- perhaps because he is a known ` toff ' , and Britain , despite protests from the left and now the right , really still are obsessed with class . Do you have as much cachet as Cameron ? Perhaps you 're more Onslow and Daisy than Hyacinth ? Scroll down for video . Samantha and David Cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson 's expectations ? Use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is . Score one point for each - the more points you get , the more upmarket your house must be . THE KITCHEN . A CAFETIERE . Those pesky middle-middle classes have fallen hook , line and capsule for these sleekly designed , all style and no substance coffee machines , but those of true upmarket stock know that you ca n't beat freshly ground coffee in a cafetiere . You will probably own a few of these , in different sizes , to cater for varying numbers of drinkers . A COOKERY BOOK SHELF OF LITTLE-KNOWN AUTHORS . If your kitchen shelves are teaming with works by Messers Oliver , Ramsay and Martin then you 're in trouble . Those of better stock will stick to tired , faded old works -- think Constance Spry , Mrs Beeton and Julia Child -LRB- the latter only if you have American blood the family -RRB- . William says that there are several items that you are required to own for your home to be ` posh ' Mary Berry 's books are all right so long as they are the pre-Bake Off ones and you are able to talk at length about her terribly helpful cooking instructions for Agas alongside each recipe . AN AGA . A little hackneyed now but still a good sign that you 're in a house of good standing . The older and rustier the Aga the better and preferably oil or gas . A bonus point for each dog found lolling in front of this classy cooker . A CLING FILM DISPENSER . Too many kitchen gadgets and you 're on thin ice but one of these terribly clever dispensers for cling-film is a ` Godsend ! ' -LRB- shout this -RRB- and saves so much time as you 're covering the leftovers of the pickled pears . Very few people know about them or have them and they always impress when friends use it . SMART BIN BAGS . Very few people will see these -- but that does n't matter as you 're upper-middle class or above and so do n't care whether people see it or not -- but a good , solid bin bag is heavenly and you ca n't imagine going back to the cheap ones now . Deduct a point if you call them some lower-middle euphemistic name like ` refuse sack ' . PROPER TEA AND COFFEE CUPS . No politician has been seen with anything but a mug when snapped in their own home since 1997 , but tea or coffee from the proper vessel -LRB- i.e. one that requires a saucer -RRB- is a must for better houses . An extra point if you know the difference between a coffee cup and a demitasse cup . CLOTH NAPKINS FOR KITCHEN SUPPERS . Most people will know to get out the nice napkins -LRB- never ` serviettes ' -RRB- for guests but those of better breeding will ensure cloth napkins are set for even the most simple of suppers for one . Knock off a mark if you have ever given a guest a piece of kitchen roll in lieu of a proper napkin . Old fashioned it may be but William says that an Aga is still a good status symbol . William says that a posh household should opt for a cup and saucer -LRB- right -RRB- over a mug -LRB- left -RRB- for a hot drink . BATHROOM . A REED DIFFUSER . There 's no better smell than fresh air , but for city-dwelling upmarket folk this may not be to hand -LRB- or a bathroom may have no windows -RRB- . A reed diffuser is now just about passable as bathroom décor , but from certain brands only , naturally -LRB- The White Company : yes , Next Home : no -RRB- . A citrus smell , always , for the upstairs bathroom . Never , under pain of death , an Airwick . When it comes to seating William says that fabric sofas are the only way to go . William says that a leather sofa is seen as ` a tad suspect ' among the middle classes . PLAIN LOO PAPER . The upper classes would sooner use sandpaper than quilted lavatory roll . Your loo paper must be plain white and un-textured . Three-ply , mind . We 're not barbarians . TWO TAPS . Bathrooms in smart old houses will have two taps rather than a ` mono ' alternative . These new funky taps are fine for a pied-à-terre but if your house is older than 1980 then two taps it must be . SOAP . Bar soap . Not liquid . This is non-negotiable . There are even rules when it comes to toilet roll , according to William it should always be white and under no circumstances whatsoever should it be quilted . SITTING ROOM -LRB- NEVER ` THE LIVING ROOM ' -RRB- . BOOKS TO DVD RATIO . You may award yourself a point if the number of books you own and that are on display outweighs the number of DVDs . Buy 1p copies of the classics online if your shelves are bulging with far too many films -LRB- which normally means to have far too much free time , too -RRB- . A FABRIC SOFA . Leather sofas are always seen as a tad suspect amongst the upper-middles and uppers . Fabric is the only way to go , frankly . SILVER PHOTO FRAMES . There should be lots of these , ideally ones that have been handed down or given to you or family members for landmark birthdays and anniversaries . An extra point if the picture of you meeting The Queen is in one of the smaller ones an tucked away somewhere so discreet you may as well not have it on display . TELEVISION . The rules have shifted for ` the telly ' -LRB- fine to call it that in an ironic way -RRB- . Naff TV cabinets to hide the thing are definitely lower-middle and now no-one makes them to fit modern flat screens anyway . Loud and proud , that 's what we now want . Yes that 's a big old TV and you 're not afraid to show it ... although anything over 42 inches is ostentatious . Just up your prescription if you ca n't see the screen . Deduct a mark , if not four , if you have a cinema room . HOW DID YOU SCORE ? 18 - 14 : Upper class In the words of Cole Porter , you 're the top ! Give your self a good hearty pat on the back and relax with satisfaction -LRB- although do n't undo your hard work and go about boasting about this ! -RRB- . 13 -- 9 : Upper middle Close , but not quite . You can still hold your head up high when inviting pretty much most of the population into your house , but best offer to meet your upper friends in a restaurant or café somewhere until you sort a few things out . 8 -- 5 : Middle-middle Nothing to feel ashamed about , although of course you will inside feel deeply anguished at your insecurity within the class food chain . Go and have a soothing cup of tea -LRB- from a mug -RRB- to calm yourself down . 4 -- 1 : Lower-middle Let 's say no more about this . Move along ...