They are the homes provided to give those less fortunate members of our society a roof over their heads . But with the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $ 13 million a year in NSW alone , the State Government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in . Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a ` very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future . ` The critical argument for it is that at the moment the maintenance costs , including damage from poor tenancy , are in the order of approximately $ 12-13 million per year , ' Mr Hazzard told Daily Mail Australia . A picture from the NSW Department of Family and Community Services shows damage to public housing . Public housing tenants will pay a bond under a NSW government plan to recoup losses from trashed properties . The state 's new Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million . Mr Hazzard added that he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond similar to that paid by private renters . ` I 'd like to see at least a reasonable portion of that money saved and put into more public housing . We have very long public housing tenancy waiting lists . ' Mr Hazzard , who took over the portfolio after the March election , said he was alerted to the fact public housing tenants do n't pay a bond when consulting with workers in the field . He added that introducing a bond was not a new idea or ` rocket science ' . ` My job is to make sure I use taxpayers money very wisely and maximise the opportunities for public housing for other people that wait years , ' Mr Hazzard said . The Minister said it would most likely be a one month bond , paid off over six months to a year . He said it would be possible to make exceptions in certain circumstance -- for example women escaping domestic violence . Mr Hazzard added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but ` they do n't have the money ' . Pictured is a trashed public housing property in Hornsby , in the northern suburbs of Sydney . Mr Hazzard , who took over the portfolio after the March election , said he was alerted to the issue when consulting with workers in the field . Damage can also be seen to the garage door , and the backyard is piled up with junk . ` Generally it 's very hard to retrospectively try to get money from tenants when they 've moved out , ' he said . ` This is about sending a forward message , a very clear and upfront message , that you will be responsible for the damage . ' Ned Cutcher , policy officer at the NSW Tenants ' Union , said public housing tenants were already liable if they caused damage to properties . ` Tenants are always liable for the damage they cause , the question of the bond is really just about making sure there 's a little bit of money there so landlords can have ready access to money , ' Mr Cutcher said . ` I do n't think the government should be looking at that in the same way as private landlord , who might struggle to cover costs . ` The government landlord is n't going to find themselves in a situation where they 're going to be short of cash . ' Mr Cutcher added that damage was often unfairly attributed to tenants . Green mouldy bread and stacks of filthy dishes seen piling up in the kitchen that has n't been cleaned . Mr Hazzard said the bond would be able to be paid in instalments . ` They may not have the money to pay it in one hit , that 's understandable , ' he said . ` Some of those photos indicate something else is going on , properties are being vandalised it 's not just people not looking after their properties , ' he said . ` Tenants are usually very happy to have a social housing property , something they can afford , and it sure beats homelessness so they 'll look after it on the whole . ` Problems occur when properties are left vacant for too long , and that 's not an issue that can be solved by hitting tenants up for more money . ' Mr Cutcher added : ` Households who are entering social housing tenancy are facing a number of challenges , and one of those challenges is necessarily a financial one . ` And to place an additional financial burden on people under those circumstances should be a difficult decision for a minister to make . ' Ned Cutcher , policy officer at the NSW Tenants ' Union , said public housing tenants were already liable if they caused damage to properties . Mr Cutcher added that damage was often unfairly attributed to tenants , when houses were sometimes vandalised or left vacant for long periods of time . ` Some of those photos indicate something else is going on , properties are being vandalised it 's not just people not looking after their properties , ' he said .