The baggage handler who woke up from a nap inside the cargo hold of a flying plane did not realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him . Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft . Today , the unnamed Seattle Airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags . He told ABC News : ` When the bags started moving and I heard the sound of the engine , I had to think fast about what to do for me to get out . ' Scroll down for audio and video . Can you hear me now ? This is the moment an Alaska Airlines baggage handler was pulled from the cargo hold after falling asleep . Earlier , the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help . Safe : This is the baggage handler who fell asleep aboard the Alaska Airlines flight from Seattle to Los Angeles on Monday . In a desperate bid for help , he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off . ` It was nothing but pitch black and a loud noise , ' the man told ABC . ` So I was scared , and I did n't know what was going on . ' The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight . On Thursday , the trapped baggage handler 's desperate 911 call was released , revealing the man 's panic and terror . ` Hello , I 'm trapped in this plane ! ' he tells he operator . The woman ostensibly struggles to grasp what 's happening and asks for an explanation . ` You 're where ? ' the dispatcher asks . ` I 'm inside a plane and I feel like it 's moving in the air , ' he replies . The airport worker then rattles off the number of the flight and begs the dispatcher to call for help . ` Can you please , can somebody stop it ? ' he pleads . The man grows increasingly exasperated on the call , telling the woman on the other end of the line that he is not at the airport , but rather inside a flying plane . As he struggles to lay out his situation , the phone begins to cut out and eventually the call gets disconnected . The operator made an attempt to call the man back , but his phone was no longer in service . A passenger on board Flight 448 recorded video of the baggage handlder 's knocking that passengers could hear inside the cabin . Emergency landing : The pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming . Luckily for the drowsy airport staffer , he had better luck with passengers aboard Flight 448 who heard his banging and screams and alerted the crew . ` Help ! Help ! Help ! ' the man screamed , according to one traveler . The airline said in a news release the captain immediately returned to Seattle-Tacoma International and declared an emergency for priority landing . The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen . ` At some point the marshal kind of made himself known and started banging back and he yelled really loud and said , ` We 're getting ready to land , hold on to something , '' Troi Ge , a passenger on board the flight , told NBC News . Mr Ge , a sound designer from Burbank , recorded video aboard the plane in which passengers could hear the banging from the cargo hold . After the plane landed , a ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold . Video taken by KIRO 7 showed the worker calmly walking out of the cargo hold and putting on a high visibility jacket . He stood talking to airport staff for a few seconds before walking off towards the terminal . ` Upon exiting , he told authorities he had fallen asleep , ' the airline said . The worker , an employee of Menzies Aviation , walked off the plane and appeared well , but was taken to a hospital as a precaution . He was released home after passing a drug test . The worker , who was part of a four-person crew , started his shift at 5 am Monday morning and was scheduled to finish work at 2.30 pm , according to the airline . After the team was done loading all the luggage onto the plane , the leader of the crew noticed that one of his staffers was nowhere to be found . He tried calling and texting him but the man did not respond , leading his supervisor to believe that he had gone home at the end of the shift , reported KOMO News . The airline says it is investigating the situation . The pilot could hear banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft as they flew from Seattle to LA . The man appeared to be well as he walked around the runway talking to airport employees . Alaska Airlines is investigating how the man managed to fall asleep before the LA-bound flight took off . Passenger Marty Collins told KOMO-TV in Seattle the flight was surrounded by emergency vehicles when it returned to the airport . She said passengers did not hear the worker banging or making noise . ` Nobody on the plane heard anything like that , nobody knew why we were turning around , ' she told the station . ` They just said we were fine and we were n't in any danger . Passenger Troi Ge told the station Q13Fox that at one point a federal air marshal revealed himself and started banging back . He then yelled to the man in the cargo hold that the plane was about to land and urged him to hold onto something to prevent injury . The flight departed again at 3.52 pm and was expected to arrive in Los Angeles at 6.27 pm , about 80 minutes late , according to the airline 's website .