An offensive attempt by a men 's magazine to commemorate fallen Anzac soldiers has backfired as social media users and the Department of Veteran Affairs condemn the crude ` commemorative issue ' . After coming under scrutiny , Zoo Weekly removed all ` offending ' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook . The Department of Veteran Affairs -LRB- DVA -RRB- said the word ` Anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes - like Zoo Weekly 's ` Special Anzac Centenary Issue ' - without express permission from the Minister for Veterans ' Affairs . Scroll down for video . Zoo Weekly removed images of a bikini clad woman holding a red poppy after being criticised by the Department of Veteran Affairs for using the word ` Anzac ' without permission . After discovering Zoo had not sought permission , the DVA immediately notified Zoo Weekly of the breached and asked for all offending images to be removed . The issue , released on the Monday leading up to the Anzac weekend , included a 10-page feature with a list of ' 100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli ' and an interview with cover girl Erin Pash who revealed what features she admired in our service men . In the interview Ms Pas was asked what she liked about ` men in uniform ' , to which she replied : ` They 're bad arses , they have guns and they 're really fit and well built ' . She then commends soldiers for ` doing what they 're told ' and being able to perform an ` impressive ' 100 push ups , ` in a row ' . Social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue , labelling it ` gross and offensive . ' Twitter users were quick to condemn Zoo Weekly for the controversial issue . Some thought the issue was ` gross and offensive ' Some questioned how on earth an editor thought this was a good campaign ? While others questioned how this relates to the Australian Anzac story . This is n't the first time Zoo Weekly used flesh to make their Anzac specials more appealing . Back in 2006 , Nikki Webster was featured wearing skimpy shorts and an army helmet , looking seductively over her shoulder , with the tag line reading ` For the boys ' . Back in 2006 , Nikki Webster was featured wearing skimpy shorts and an army helmet , looking seductively over her shoulder , with the tag line reading ` For the boys ' Zoo 's distasteful campaign comes as supermarket giant , Woolworths , found themselves being accused of trying to cash in on Anzac Day . Woolworths launched the ` Fresh in our Memories ' campaign , inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country , which it then branded with its logo and a ` fresh in our memories ' slogan . The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at Woolworth 's attempt to embrace Anzac Day . The campaign created uproar after inviting Aussies to make a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page , in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country .