Arrest : Timothy Rogalski allegedly repeatedly called Sandy Hook Elementary School on Tuesday . A man has been arrested for repeatedly calling Sandy Hook Elementary School and accusing staff members of staging the 2012 school massacre . Timothy Rogalski , from Wallingford , Connecticut , called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . The fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant . In the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead , according to police in Monroe . He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake , police said . Authorities traced the calls back to the home Rogalski shares with his father , about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded , and he was arrested . ` I do n't think I said anything that horrible , ' Rogalski said at a court appearance on Wednesday , NBC Connecticut reported . He has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct and is being held on $ 2,500 bond . He was ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation and not to contact anyone at the school . He will next appear in court on April 22 . Arrest : The calls were traced to his home in Wallingford , pictured , which is about 40 miles from where the shooting unfolded in Newtown in 2012 . He was taken into custody and charged . Rogalski allegedly made the calls to Sandy Hook Elementary , which is operating temporarily in Monroe as a new school is built to replace the old one , and two other nearby schools . The original site of the school was demolished a year after the shootings . The gunman 's home , where he shot dead his mother before going on the killing spree at the school , was also torn down in earlier this year . Rogalski 's arrest does not mark the first time threatening calls have been made about the killings . In the days following the 2012 school shooting , Wilfrido Cardenas Hoffman , 31 , looked up Newtown residents ' phone numbers from his home in Venezuela and made more than 90 calls . Authorities said that in a few calls , Cardenas claimed to be the Sandy Hook shooter , Adam Lanza , and threatened to kill the person he had phoned . Terror : Responders gather at the scene of the mass school shooting in Newtown on December 14 , 2012 . The shooting left 20 children and six educators dead , as well as the gunman 's mother . ` This is Adam Lanza . I 'm gon na -LRB- expletive -RRB- kill you . You 're dead . You 're dead . You hear me ? You 're dead , ' he said , according to authorities . Deirdre Daly , the U.S. attorney for Connecticut , said the conduct of Cardenas was reprehensible . ` These threatening calls , just two days after the tragedy , compounded the collective suffering of all of the citizens of Newtown and needlessly stressed law enforcement resources at a critical time , ' she said . He was arrested in 2014 , pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a year in prison .