BBC programmes are set to move online as part of a new ` internet first ' strategy designed to compete with web services such as Netflix and Amazon . Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their TVs , and are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee , because viewers are currently able to use the BBC 's online services without paying for them . Going digital : Popular TV shows such as Poldark could one day be migrating to the web as part of BBC plans to become an ` internet first ' broadcaster . Matthew Postgate , the BBC 's chief technology officer , said in an interview that the corporation needs to remain ` relevant ' to a new generation of viewers . ` It 's my job over the next five years to put in place the production foundations to be internet first , ' he told the Financial Times . He added that traditional media groups such as the BBC would have to ` learn lessons ' if they want to ` compete with organisations that were born in the digital age ' , which are not tied to the methods used to produce broadcast TV . Online services such as Netflix and Amazon have increasingly been producing their own programmes in a bid to take on major broadcasters , while catch-up services including BBC iPlayer have been growing in popularity . Netflix has won plaudits for shows such as House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black , which can only be watched by subscribers who access the service through their computer , tablet or internet-enabled TV . Hit : Strictly Come Dancing is another popular BBC show which could be affected by the ` internet first ' plan . Popular : But shows such as Eastenders , pictured , have lost viewers thanks to the rise of the internet . The rise of catch-up TV , as well as the proliferation of digital services , has caused audiences to shrink dramatically - for example , the remake of Poldark starring Aidan Turner attracted 6.9 million viewers for its first episode , less than half the number who tuned in to the original series 40 years ago . While other programmes such as Eastenders and Strictly Come Dancing remain popular , primetime audiences are still much smaller than the highs they reached before the advent of the internet . Matthew Postgate was appointed the BBC 's chief technology officer on a salary of £ 225,000 - more than the Prime Minister - in July last year . He was previously head of BBC research and development , working on digital projects including high-definition internet broadcasts . Mr Postgate was also involved with developing the BBC iPlayer , and was at one point in charge of the corporation 's mobile services . He was educated at Bristol University , and worked as a telecommunications consultant before joining the BBC in 2003 . Mr Postgate was appointed last year on a salary of £ 225,000 to pick up the pieces after the failure of the £ 100million Digital Media Initiative , which was scrapped by director-general Tony Hall . The strategy was designed to streamline all the BBC 's online services and give its staff access to the corporation 's whole archive at once , but it collapsed in 2013 . Technology chief John Linwood was sacked over the fiasco , but last year he successfully sued the BBC for unfair dismissal . Mr Postgate told the FT : ` Rather than trying to deliver one large project , we 've been taking off the different components and moving forward . ' Last year it was announced that BBC Three , the youth-oriented digital TV channel , will be taken off the air and become internet-only . The move could herald a new wave of services moving to the internet - but Mr Postgate insisted that other channels will remain on broadcast TV for the time being , saying : ` BBC Three was a brand that you could move from one platform to another relatively easily . ' Mr Postgate also predicted that more and more BBC services will be consumed via mobile phones and tablet computers rather than on traditional channels . He wrote in a blog post last night : ` We will increasingly use the internet to deliver programmes and services to you in the future - whether that 's to the big screen in the living room or the smartphones and tablets scattered over the house . ' Radio 1 , which is also aimed primarily at young people , has expanded its online offerings via sites such as YouTube - controller Ben Cooper said last month that it was ` no longer a music station ' but a ` multi-platform youth music brand ' . Future : The BBC has increasingly been promoting its services on digital platforms such as iPlayer . Figures released in November showed that children spend half as much time as adults watching ordinary broadcast TV , but much more time watching online video . If the trend continues , the television licence fee could be under threat as viewers opt out of the £ 145.50 payment and watch online instead . It is thought that around 500,000 people take advantage of the so-called ` iPlayer loophole ' , but that figure is likely to rise if more BBC services become online-only . MPs recently called for the licence fee to be amended so that viewers who only use catch-up services will have to pay it . Mr Postgate said in a statement today : ` I 'm not talking about the BBC only putting its content online . My role is to make sure that the BBC 's technologies that underpin everything we do - from our newsroom infrastructure and new in-the-field production and editing tools , to how we keep the BBC on air and online - are set up in the best possible way , and take advantage of new internet-based technologies . ' When the Digital Media Initiative -LRB- DMI -RRB- was launched in 2008 , it was hailed by BBC chiefs as ` the single most important initiative we are working on ' . But before a year had elapsed , it was floundering so badly insiders referred to it as ` Do n't Mention It . ' The BBC originally appointed IT firm Siemens to implement the scheme . But it ditched the company in 2009 as the project floundered and took it back in-house . By then , £ 26million had already been wasted but it is understood the BBC later recouped the cost from Siemens . In February 2011 , the National Audit Office condemned the corporation over its handling of the DMI after it ran 21 months behind schedule . The public spending watchdog found the expected gains had been overstated and the difficulty of delivering it was underestimated . The Public Accounts Committee criticised the BBC for awarding the contract to Siemens without putting it out to open tender . The project was meant to allow production staff to access all video and audio material on their computers . As hundreds of staff moved to the corporation 's new headquarters in Salford , this would prevent them having to transport tapes of archive material by road from London , reducing production costs . But the costs of the project continued to spiral to £ 98.4 million until it was finally halted in May 2013 .