The Navy says a second SEAL has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in Virginia . Lt. David Lloyd tells media outlets that Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia , Michigan , died Sunday . The 34-year-old Marihugh and 32-year-old Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis of Queens , New York , were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story . Lewis died Friday . Lloyd says both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2 . ` Training accident ' : Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh -LRB- left -RRB- of Livonia , Michigan , died Sunday after he and 32-year-old Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool from what officials called a ` training accident ' While an investigation of the incident is continuing , Navy spokesman Lieutenant David Lloyd told Reuters Friday , ` They were working out in the pool ... They were swimming . It was not dive training . ' Marihugh and Lewis both served in the U.S. Marine Corps before they enlisted in the Navy . ` We are all deeply saddened by Brett 's passing and would ask for your thoughts , prayers and support for the Marihugh and Lewis family , NSW community , and our friends and teammates at this time , ' said Capt. Pete Vasely , Commander , Naval Special Warfare Group TWO , said in a release . ` Both of these fierce warriors were admired and highly respected among everyone who knew them . We will continue to investigate what happened . We owe it to the families and our teammates . ' Marihugh joined the Navy in 2006 after serving in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1999 to 2003 . Marihugh was the recipient of multiple awards including the Bronze Star , Joint Service Achievement Medal , Combat Action Ribbon and the Navy/Marine Corps Commendation Medal with Combat V in support of the global war on terrorism , according to the release . Lewis enlisted in the United States Navy in December 2006 after having served in the U.S. Marine Corps from 2001-2005 , according to his biography . Lewis made multiple deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq , where he earned the Bronze Star , Purple Heart , U.S. Navy/Marine Corps Commendation Medal with Valor , the U.S. Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal with Valor and other campaign and service medals . He is survived by his wife Kristy and their beloved dogs Baby , Kona and Lyla .