Richie Benaud 's family have been offered a state funeral after Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called his death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman ' . The former Australia captain and legendary broadcaster died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer . Abbott said : ` There would be very few Australians who have not passed a summer in the company of Richie Benaud . Richie Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud 's family a state funeral . Benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife Daphne , and during his time as Australia captain . Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . ` He was the accompaniment of an Australian summer , his voice was even more present than the chirping of the cicadas in our suburbs and towns , and that voice , tragically , is now still . But we remember him with tremendous affection . ' State funerals in Australia are generally reserved for politicians . Even Bradman himself turned down the offer of one before his death in 2001 . But such is the esteem in which Benaud was held , both as an engaging all-round cricketer -- he took 248 Test wickets with his leg-breaks and scored 2,201 runs -- and as a commentator , that Abbott has been moved to make an exception . David Gower , Geoffrey Boycott and Benaud assembled a formidable line-up for the BBC in 1995 . A master with the microphone to his lips , Benaud also was well aware of the power of silence . The tributes continued on Friday to a man routinely referred to as ` the voice of cricket ' . His fellow leg-spinner Shane Warne said , ` For me it was an honour and a privilege to call you a close friend and mentor ' , while Sachin Tendulkar described his death as a ` great loss to the world of cricket ' . Australia 's Test captain Michael Clarke praised Benaud for helping ` the Australian team have the attitude where they wanted to win . He played the game the right way ' . One of Clarke 's predecessors , Steve Waugh , said : ` His legacy to the game will always live on . ' The veteran Australian radio commentator Jim Maxwell said : ` He has been the most influential , revered and respected person in the game for 50 years . As Australian captain he never lost a series . As a commentator he was precise , authoritative and deliciously understated . ' Benaud , pictured in 2006 during the launch of his book My Take on Cricket , was widely respected and loved . Benaud pays tribute to Australian media mogul and cricket pioneer Kerry Packer after his death in 2005 . ON COMMENTATING . ` What I want most from being a television commentator is to be able to feel that , when I say something , I am talking to friends . ' ` My mantra is : put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' ` The key thing was to learn the value of economy with words and to never insult the viewer by telling them what they can already see . ' ` Out in the field , you have n't got anyone whispering into your ear saying all sorts of things , you 've got to do it yourself . ' ON CAPTAINCY . ` The hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ' ` Captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . But do n't try it without that 10 per cent . ' ON BATTING . ` Bruce Reid is not the worst batsman there is at international level but those who are worse would not need to hire the Myer Music Bowl to hold a convention . ' ` Glenn McGrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . ' ` He 's not quite got hold of that one . If he had , it would have gone for nine . ' ON BOWLING . ` A bleeding ring finger at the end of every training session was not only normal but essential for my development as a wrist spinner . ' ` Your wrist must be cocked , but not stiffly cocked . ' ` You must always look where you want to land it . If I offered you 10,000 dollars to hit a tin can , you 'd never take your eyes off it . ' ON TWENTY20 CRICKET . ` If any form of game can pull 20,000 spectators into a game of cricket it 's great for the sport . I think it 's wonderful . ' ` As long as the people who run the game have brains and keep three forms of the game I think it will be terrific . ' ON SHANE WARNE 'S ` BALL OF THE CENTURY . ` Gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . Still does n't know . ' ON 1981 's ` UNDERARM BOWLING ' SCANDAL . ` A disgraceful performance from a captain who got his sums wrong . It should never be permitted to happen again . One of the worst things I have ever seen done on a cricket field . ' MISCELLANEOUS . ` The slow-motion replay does n't show how fast the ball was really travelling . ' ` A cricket ground is a flat piece of earth with some buildings around it . ' ` He 's usually a good puller - but he could n't get it up that time . ' ` Cricket has changed for the better ... it 's because of what happened then , cricket is so strong now . '