Property portfolio : Sol Campbell and his wife Fiona . The polls might have the parties neck-and-neck -- but it looks like Sol Campbell is taking no chances . For the second time this year , the former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property -- leading to speculation he wants to dodge Labour 's mansion tax if the party wins the election . An outspoken critic of the policy , Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over £ 2million comes into force . Earlier this year it was revealed he had taken the apparently bizarre decision to sell a £ 20million London townhouse to a company owned by himself . Land Registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect . But it is possible the sale took place shortly before , meaning the increased charges would have been avoided . Now Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea . A former home of James Bond author Ian Fleming , the luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for £ 6.75 million . Campbell bought it in 2011 for £ 4.25 million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at an estate agents ' in the hope of securing it for his family -- his wife Fiona Barratt-Campbell and their children Isabella and Ethan . It has since been extensively renovated by his wife , an interior designer and granddaughter of Barratt Homes founder Sir Lawrie Barratt . An advert for the property states : ` There are few properties within Chelsea that can offer the combination of views , spacious accommodation and exquisite finish . ' Yet Campbell , 40 , seems to be keen to rid himself of the flat before the election . Eye for detail : The living room inside Campbell 's £ 6.75 million Chelsea flat boasts lavish furnishings . Nice touch : The former Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur defender 's kitchen is filled with marble . Sumptuous : Gilded mirrors line the hall in Campbell 's luxurious flat , which is in an exclusive neighbourhood . Last year the former Arsenal and Tottenham defender blasted the proposed mansion tax , describing it as a ` cheap and easy way to extract money from individuals who have done well ' . He told The Times : ` With a mansion tax , you 're taxing me for being prudent ... If Labour gets in , I 'd leave . I 'd have to say , `` Sorry , I want to ship out '' . ' Campbell has also said : ` I 'm not earning what I was earning five years ago . ' Experts have said that properties worth between £ 5million and £ 10million could incur an annual charge of up to £ 25,000 under a Labour government . Henry Pryor , a buying agent and property commentator , said : ` Sellers like Sol Campbell face a financial dilemma : to take a certain hit now or await the potential tax bill that a Labour or Lib Dem Government may generate . ' Since 2009 Campbell has also owned Grade II-listed Hallington Hall , an 18th Century mansion in Northumberland . Fortune : Campbell accumulated a number of properties before and after his football career but has since said ` I do n't earn what I used to ' Campbell recently featured in a hard-hitting campaign to encourage ethnic minority Britons to vote .