Since 2013 , Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince the scientific community that he has found aliens in Earth 's stratosphere . Now the controversial British professor claims he has new evidence of these ` extra-terrestrial organisms ' floating 25 miles -LRB- 40 km -RRB- above the planet . He says the organisms test positive for DNA , and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height . ' Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth 's stratosphere for several years . Pictured are one of the so-called ` ghost particles ' that the researcher claims to be proof of extraterrestrial life forms . His views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community . The organisms , he claims , are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to ` seed ' alien life on Earth . Dr Wainwright announced the discovery in an email to his students at Sheffield University , who posted it on Reddit . ` We sent balloons and a sampler and found no pollen or grass , nothing up there to contaminate , it was completely pristine , ' Dr Wainwright told Jason Koebler at Motherboard . ` For these reasons , we think -LSB- the organisms -RSB- are coming from space , ' he added . ` All the time when you walk outside , you are being pelted with organisms that come from space . ' He said that his latest discoveries has been accepted in the journal Astrobiology and Outreach . Dr Milton Wainwright -LRB- right -RRB- claims he has new evidence of these ` extra-terrestrial organisms ' floating 25 miles -LRB- 40 km -RRB- above the planet . He says the organisms test positive for DNA , and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height ' Dr Wainwright 's research has been widely criticised by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence . ` The critics claim that the samples we obtained must have come from Earth , that it that there must be a mechanism which can lift these particles from Earth to the stratosphere , ' Dr Wainwright told Dailymail.com . Panspermia is a theory that suggests life spreads across the known physical universe , hitchhiking on comets or meteorites . For example , life such as extremophiles , capable of surviving the inhospitable conditions of space , could become trapped in debris that is ejected into space after collisions between asteroids and planets that harbour life . These life-forms may travel dormant for an extended amount of time before colliding randomly with other planets . The idea of directed panspermia , however , suggests that lifeforms are deliberately sent out through the universe by intelligent civilizations . Professor Francis Crick , one of the biologists who discovered the structure of DNA , examined the possibility of this in a paper in 1973 . However , Professor Crick and his ccolleagues concluded that the scientific evidence was ` inadequate at the present time to say anything about the probability ' . ` However , we have provided evidence that the DNA-containing masses , plus other strange organisms we have isolated are not associated with pollen , grass and fungal spores on our sampler . ` If our organisms came from Earth they must be contaminated with common Earth organisms and they are not . ' ` We will probably not be believed until Nasa repeats our findings , ' he added . ` I suspect that Nasa they will then try and take the credit by claiming that their methods were somehow more sterile or precise . ' Earlier this year , the astrobiologist revealed an image of what he said was a tiny metal ball spewing out a ` gooey ' substance in samples gathered by a balloon in the Earth 's stratosphere . Dr Wainwright said the ball , which is about the width of a human hair , could be an example of directed panspermia . This describes the belief that life was deliberately sent to Earth by some unknown extraterrestrial civilisation . He argued that the strange material coming from the titanium ball is biological and could in fact be a colony of tiny microorganisms . However , he conceded it is virtually impossible to prove that the tiny sphere was sent by aliens from outer space . Dr Wainwright said the sphere made a tiny ` impact crater ' on the sampler that was attached to the balloon as it collected dust and particles in the atmosphere . He added : ` The sphere made an impact crater on the sampling stub . This proves beyond doubt that the particle was travelling at speed from space when it was sampled . ' Dr Wainwright and his team discovered the sphere when examining samples of dust and particulate matter collected by a balloon sent around 16 miles into the atmosphere . The metal sphere found by Dr Wainwright and his colleagues -LRB- above -RRB- appears to be oozing goo from its side . Using X-ray analysis to examine the sphere , he concluded that it was made from titanium and traces of vanadium , while the material appearing to come out of the side was biological . They found that it also had a ` fungus-like knitted mat-like covering ' . Dr Wainwright and his colleagues have published their findings in the Journal of Cosmology but their conclusions have yet to be corroborated by other scientists . The journal often publishes papers on astrobiology but is highly controversial among scientists as it has been criticised for its peer review process and for publishing papers of a fringe variety . Two years ago it controversially published a paper that claimed to have identified fossils of microbiotic life in a meteorite , sparking a blaze of publicity , but was also met with a great deal of skepticism . The idea that life can survive high the Earth 's atmosphere , however , is not new . Scientists working with Nasa recently discovered bacteria living up to five miles above the Earth 's surface . However , most scientists believe they are likely to have been carried up from Earth rather than having an extraterrestrial origin . Air currents and winds are known to be capable of carrying dust and bacteria for hundreds of miles and high into the atmosphere . But research has shown that microorganisms can survive the intense heat and pressures of entering the Earth 's atmosphere from space , raising the prospect that life may have originally been carried here . Some astrobiologists believe life started on Earth after being carried here on a comet or asteroid , while others believe it is more likely that the basic chemical building blocks were carried in this way rather than established life . However , the idea of directed panspermia has been proposed by some heavyweight scientists . Professor Francis Crick , one of the team who one a Nobel Prize for discovering the structure of DNA , examined whether it was possible that organisms could have been deliberately transmitted to the Earth by intelligent beings from another planet . Dr Wainwright used balloons similar to this one above to collect samples from the stratsophere . He eventually concluded that there was insufficient scientific evidence to support such a claim . Dr Wainwright , however , insists his findings may help to provide some of that evidence . ` Unless of course we can find details of the civilisation that is supposed to have sent it in this respect it is probably an unprovable theory , ' he added . Professor Chandra Wickramasinghe , an astrobiologist at the University of Buckinghamshire and editor of the Journal of Cosmology , said : ` I think more work needs to be done on this particular structure , for example to study its DNA , if it has any . ` But already there is clear proof from many directions to confirm that we are constantly bombarded by fragments of comets that carry living microorganisms . ' Nigel Watson , author of the UFO Investigations Manual , said the idea that such material were being sent out by aliens attempting to seed other planets was a ` leap of the imagination ' . He said : ` This would seem to provide proof that outer space and not just the surface of our planet is teaming with life . ` I 'm sceptical about this and we would need to collect more samples like this to have a better idea of where it originates from . ` It is a leap of the imagination that it came from an ET race trying to seed our planet with their biological constructs . ` Perhaps there are luminous or ` invisible ' jelly-fish like creatures that inhabit our skies , or microorganisms flooding our planet , I 'm not convinced , but they are fascinating ideas that make a change from stories of starships loaded with aliens . '