For any players who have featured for 90 minutes in a match under Pasquale Marino , the next day at training is dedicated to ` scarico ' -- recovery . Try telling that to Alexis Sanchez . Marino was the manager who brought Sanchez into Udinese 's first team in 2008 after he had been signed from Chilean club side Cobreloa two years earlier . Udinese had Italy internationals Antonio di Natale , Simone Pepe and Fabio Quagliarella vying for places up front , but Marino knew in Sanchez he had a ` jewel ' on his hands . Alexis Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season following his £ 30million switch from Barcelona . Pasquale Marino , pictured managing Pescara in 2013 , brought Sanchez into the Udinese first team in 2008 . The main problem he encountered , however , was that he could not keep Sanchez off the pitch . ` Alexis could easily play three matches per day , ' Marino , now in charge of Vicenza , said . ` As soon as the -LRB- training -RRB- match started , Alexis used to abandon the scarico and would run up to me , almost imploring : `` Mister , let me play , just for a few minutes . Please , please , please . I promise I wo n't get injured . '' Football is an enormous pleasure for him . ' That hunger earned him two £ 30million moves , first to Barcelona in 2011 and then to Arsenal last summer . It is also why Sanchez , Arsenal 's stand-out player this season , found it so difficult when he was rested for two games by Arsene Wenger -- against Aston Villa and Tottenham -- with a sore hamstring . Sanchez spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a move to Spanish giants Barcelona . Sanchez takes on defender Miranda during Chile 's friendly with Brazil at the Emirates Stadium last week . ` Putting him on the bench is like taking a toy from a child , ' Marino warned . ` There was just one thing that worried me when he joined Barcelona -- they were full of amazing forwards and it was by no means a given that Alexis would be in the starting 11 . ` Since I know how important it is for him to play , I feared that without regular football he could become discouraged . But he proved he was good enough to become an essential part of the team and fitted into the Barca way of playing . ' Big money moves have not sapped any of Sanchez 's energy . Speak to Arsenal players and they describe the same enthusiasm in training , the same refusal to embrace rest days , the same disregard for ` scarico . ' Sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for Arsenal 's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham . They warned him that when the games rained down over the winter it would soon catch up with him , but Sanchez , bar that short Wenger-enforced break , has not stopped , even if he has n't been as prolific as he was in the first half of the season . That is why Marino believes Sanchez , still only 26 , could elevate himself alongside the planet 's greatest . ` He 's never looked as strong as he does now , ' Marino said . ` Personally , I think he could score more than 35 goals a season in any league he plays in . ` If he succeeded in doing that , he would be at the same level as two monsters of the modern game : Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo . Nowadays only those two , and maybe Zlatan Ibrahimovic , can claim to be better than Alexis . ' Marino believes Sanchez is looking strong and capable of scoring 35 goals in any league he 's played in .