Just like humans learning to talk , puppies can sometimes take a while to learn to bark . At least , that seemed to be the case for one young Shibu Inu , who caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an American Kennel Club centre . The pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion . Captured on video , the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound . Opening its mouth , the Shibu Inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky -- leaning back in its handler 's arm -- whines . People standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog . The puppy Shibu Inu and husky feature opposite one another while conversing at an American Kennel Club centre . Falling quiet for a second , the Shibu Inu pipes up once more -- louder than before -- causing the husky to respond . As the dogs continue to converse , the video maker asks with a giggle : ` What is that noise ? ' But it is barely audible over the sounds of the intense barking , whining and yapping . Later in the video the excited Shibu Inu begins running in its owner 's arms in its attempts to get closer to the husky . Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping , whining and barking at one another . And people in the video can be seen laughing while mimicking the dog 's erratic and entirely humorous actions . The video concludes with the husky losing interest slightly and chewing on its handler 's sleeve . Before the same handler speaks to the Shibu Inu and gives it a rub , causing it to momentarily settle down . A staff member from the American Kennel Club centre attempts to pacify the puppy by giving it a rub . Canine vocalisation usually begins when a puppy is around two-to-three-weeks-old and generally consists of grunts and whines . At seven-to-eight-weeks-old , the vocalisation will develop into stronger sounding barks , although some dogs wait as long as 16 weeks before even making an attempt .