On a fenced-in artificial pitch , on the edge of one of Salford 's most notorious estates , a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football . Some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots . Stories of strife are swapped . ` I 'm only here so I can get a shower , ' says one as he rolls a cigarette . ` The wife booted me out a week ago and I 've been on a settee since . ' Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation 's Street Red project . Another is reflecting on how this kickabout , for those who may have suffered from mental health issues , is the latest tentative step on a long journey back from the brink . ` I was on a bridge over a motorway , ' he says as he looks into the distance . ` They sectioned me for five years . ' Into this environment walks a man who knows all about adversity . Jesper Blomqvist , he of hand in sleeve and knee often in cast , is back in Manchester . The Swede , now 41 , was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson 's treble-winning machine , making 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £ 4.4 m switch from Parma . The midfielder -LRB- left -RRB- was a crucial player in Manchester United 's treble winning season of 1998-99 . But his 67 minutes in the late , late Champions League Final win over Bayern Munich in Barcelona would be his last in a red shirt . Three operations and two gruelling years of rehab later he was on his way to Everton but would continue to be haunted by injury before eventual retirement . He is here on Sunday to coach youngsters from the Manchester United Foundation 's Street Reds project , but given his background he may also be well suited to having a word with those vacating the pitch . Blomqvist now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences . The years have been kind . Blomqvist 's long hair remains and is now accompanied by a beard which makes him look suited to the role he currently performs . ` I lecture with my brother , ' he explains . ` He 's a psychologist so he talks about how to handle setbacks and how to keep on performing . I can relate to that and give some real life examples from my career both good times and bad times . We speak to people from companies who have team building days . ' Blomqvist celebrates their semi-final win over Juventus with Steve McClaren -LRB- centre -RRB- and Dwight Yorke . Blomqvist had the world at his tricky feet when he signed for United in 1998 . He was one of few players Sir Alex Ferguson had to try more than once to convince to move to the club , after he spurned the Scotsman 's advances to sign for Parma and Carlo Ancelotti after a frustrating year on AC Milan 's bench . ` I liked Italy , ' he explains , apologetically . ` It was nothing to do with Manchester . I had learned the language and I had settled in . I enjoyed the life and I enjoyed Parma , but then Carlo Ancelotti left . ' Blomqvist revealed that he rejected Sir Alex Ferguson the first time and signed for Parma in 1997 . Sir Alex Ferguson came back again and managed to sign up his man to compete with Ryan Giggs . Back came a determined Ferguson and this time he was successful , bringing Blomqvist to the club to compete with Ryan Giggs on the left . It went well . In that treble-winning year Blomqvist picked up three medals , although one was almost consigned to Catalonian turf in the celebrations that followed United 's belief-defying victory over Bayern at the Nou Camp . ` I do n't remember much about that night , ' he reveals . ` It was high tension . Afterwards it was joy . I lost my medal on the pitch jumping around and I had to start looking for it . I was scared but I found it in the end . ' The Swede -LRB- bottom left -RRB- started for United in the Champions League final victory against Bayern Munich . The Red Devils were involved in one of the most exciting comebacks of all time after winning the trophy . United have a quite sensational season , winning the FA Cup , Premier League and Champions League . Then came injury . Blomqvist went under the knife three times and it was here where he learned the lessons he now passes on . ` You try to get your head down , ' he says . ` Small goals . In a few weeks I can go on the bike , then a few more and I can go running . But it 's hours and hours of rehab and you feel like an outcast . You lose the connection with everyone , especially if it goes on for a long time . ' Eventually Ferguson called him into his office for the inevitable chat . Blomqvist in action for United during the 1999 Champions League final where they completed the treble . ` I remember that last discussion because I felt quite guilty , ' he says . ` I had been injured for so long and they kept paying the wages . He said ` do n't worry , this is football - you gave me one excellent year and we won everything ' . ` When he said that it was as though a stone fell off my heart . It meant a lot to me that he could feel like that . ` Of course he phoned Water Smith and helped me to get a deal with Everton - it spoke volumes of him . ' Blomqvist enjoyed his time at Goodison Park where he was restricted to 17 appearances . The 41-year-old had an injury hit time at Everton and only managed 17 appearances for the club . ` Without wanting to be disrespectful it was a smaller club , ' he says . ` There were fewer people working there which made it feel more like a family and I enjoyed that . ' During Blomqvist 's nine months on Merseyside , Smith was replaced by David Moyes . ` I enjoyed playing for him , ' he says . ` He was , is , a good coach . That 's why I was surprised it did n't work -LRB- at United -RRB- . It was always going to be really hard to take over from Sir Alex. Sometimes it 's about getting the right job at the right moment . ` Maybe it was bad timing . The only thing I think he may have done wrong was to change too many of the staff . When you have such a winning concept its very dangerous to change too much . Of course he wanted to put his mark on the club so you can understand it but I think it backfired . ' Blomqvist worked under Ferguson and David Moyes -LRB- right -RRB- and spoke highly of them both . After Everton , Blomqvist endured a short stint with Charlton Athletic -LRB- ` I enjoyed London but I was injured all the time ' -RRB- before heading back to his homeland . He will , however , be back in the red shirt of Manchester United in when the club 's legends team recreate that 1999 final against Bayern 's veterans at Old Trafford on June 14 . ` It 's always competitive with Manchester United , ' he says -LRB- Blomqvist set up Andy Cole for the equaliser in the 3-3 first leg at a packed Allianz Arena -RRB- . ` I play with lots of the old teams I have been involved with but there 's a difference with United . ` Nobody wants to lose . They are fit and ready . ' Now , at last , so is he . All money raised from the legends match will go towards Manchester United Foundation 's work in the local community . Tickets are on sale now from www.manutd.com/legendsareback or by calling 0161 868 8000 .