About 4.45 billion years ago , 150 million years after the solar system formed , Earth was hit by a Mars-size object called Theia . The collision created the moon , but debate has raged exactly what happened during this event - and a mystery has persisted on why the moon and Earth are so similar in their composition . Now , conflicting studies have provided two different theories - one that Theia was similar to Earth , and another that Earth and the moon were showered by debris following the collision . Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia , 4.45 billion years ago . What is agreed on , though , is that the impact actually happened -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- . This is known as the giant impact hypothesis . The two theories appear in the journal Nature across three studies - two in favour of the ` similar to Earth ' theory , and the other favouring the ` shower of debris ' model . In the latter theory , a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said the impact of Theia with Earth was so violent , the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon . Many researchers believe the moon formed after Earth was hit by a planet the size of Mars billions of years ago . This is called the giant impact hypothesis . The hypothesis claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body approximately 4.5 billion years ago . The colliding body is sometimes called Theia , after the mythical Greek Titan who was the mother of Selene , the goddess of the Moon . But one mystery has persisted , revealed by rocks the Apollo astronauts brought back from the moon - why are the moon and Earth so similar in their composition ? Several different theories have emerged over the years to explain the similar fingerprints of Earth and the moon . Perhaps the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth and then later condensed to form the moon . Or Theia could have , coincidentally , been isotopically similar to young Earth . A third possibility is that the moon formed from Earthen materials , rather than from Theia , although this would have been a very unusual type of impact . This cloud would have been composed of some Earth material , explaining the similarity between Earth and the moon , and other material . ` This means that , right after the moon formed , it had exactly the same isotopic composition as Earth 's mantle , ' said Dr Richard Walker , a professor of geology at UMD and co-author of the study . Both bodies have a similar isotopic ` fingerprint , ' notably similar types of Tungsten , suggesting they had a similar origin . One difference , though , is that Earth has proportionally much less of a lighter isotope known as Tungsten-182 . The team said this is because after both bodies formed , Earth swept up more debris that had little Tungsten-182 . ` We still need to work out the details , but it 's clear that our early solar system was a very violent place , ' added Dr Walker . The team said their theory largely rules out the idea that the Mars-sized body Theia was of similar composition , or that the moon formed from only material contained in the pre-impact Earth . The other studies , though , disagree . Scientists at the Israel Institute of Technology and the Southwest Research Institute in Colorado said that Theia actually had a similar composition to Earth . Dr Alessandra Mastrobuono-Battisti and colleagues simulated collisions between protoplanets and compared the composition of each surviving planet with the composition of its last giant impactor . In one theory , a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said that the impact of Theia with Earth was so violent , the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon . Shown is an artist 's illustration of the young Earth and moon . The University of Maryland team examined the tungsten isotopic composition of two moon rocks collected by the Apollo 16 mission , including sample 68815 , seen here . When corrected for meteoritic additions to Earth and the moon after formation of the moon , the two bodies had identical Tungsten isotopic compositions . Supporting evidence includes the Earth 's spin and Moon 's orbit having similar orientations . Moon samples indicating the surface of the moon was once molten also provide evidence , as does the moon 's relatively small iron core . The moon also has a lower density compared to Earth , while there is evidence of similar collisions in other star systems -LRB- that result in debris disks -RRB- . Giant collisions are also consistent with the leading theories of the formation of the solar system . And finally , the stable isotope ratios of lunar and terrestrial rock are identical , implying a common origin . They found that 20 to 40 per cent of impactors had similar compositions to the planets they impacted , whereas planets that formed in the same simulation tended to have distinct compositions . The authors suggest their results may explain the similarities between Earth and the moon - and why their compositions differ from those of other planets in the solar system . ` We find that different planets formed in the same simulation have distinct compositions , but the compositions of giant impactors are statistically more similar to the planets they impact , ' the researchers wrote . They said their theory has a 20 per cent probability of correct . Whichever theory turns out to be correct though , both are in agreement that the formation of the moon remains a confusing mystery that is yet to be fully solved . ` This is interesting stuff and no one has all the answers regarding the formation of the moon - we certainly do n't claim to , ' Dr Walker , one of the authors of the former study , told MailOnline . However , the other theory says that Earth -LRB- left -RRB- and the moon -LRB- right -RRB- are so similar because the initial Mars-sized object , Theia , actually had a similar composition to Earth . Dr Alessandra Mastrobuono-Battisti and colleagues simulated collisions between protoplanets to make their finding .