A family claim they were forced to sit in vomit aboard a United Airlines flight after staff refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off . Scott Shirley , his wife Mayo and seven-year-old son Phoenix , were travelling back to Washington DC after a birthday trip to Disney World , Orlando , when they discovered the vomit and complained to cabin crew . After boarding the plane , the Shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet . Scroll down for video . Mayo Shirley , son Phoenix , and husband Scott were forced to sit in seats surrounded by vomit on a United Airlines flight . After putting their luggage on the floor of the cabin , the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit . Mr Shirley told MailOnline Travel : ` My wife decided to transfer her backpack with all our snacks in it to the spot where my son was sitting . It was then , that she noticed her bag was wet . ` She then rubbed the carpet area on the floor of our seats and discovered the whole area was wet . When she raised her had towards her face to smell the liquid , that 's when she made the horrible discovery that the liquid was vomit . ` Given my wife suffers from Mysophobia -LRB- phobia of germs -RRB- , she immediately had a look of panic on her face and loudly pronounced it to be vomit . ` I immediately had a feeling of being grossed out that I too had had my hands all over this vomit . My wife got up and ran towards the bathroom area of the plane with me following behind . ` I told the flight attendant what had happened and she directed us both to the available bathrooms . ' The Shirley 's luggage remains in the plastic rubbish sacks while they decide how to clean items . Mr Shirley says the family were told by cabin staff that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the seating area , and that staff had cleaned the area . ` It was clear that no one had cleaned the area where we were sitting , because there was no evidence of any chemical smell what so ever , ' he added . ` This was purely that distinct smell of vomit on our hands and backpacks . ' Mr Shirley described how his wife was so upset she began crying and shaking , and they were given two options by United staff ; fly out next day or remain in their seats . Because Mrs Shirley had to go to work next day at the Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- , the family say they had no choice but to remain in the seats . The family were flying back on a United Airlines flight from Orlando to Washington -LRB- file photo -RRB- . However , staff allegedly refused to clean and scrub down the affected area , and the passengers were given blankets , which they say did nothing to remove the pungent smell . Mr Shirley said : ` The pilot came out and asked if a resolution had been made . He told us we had to make a decision because he ca n't delay the other passengers . ` It was at this point I felt as if they could n't care less about the disgusting situation they had put us in and only cared about moving the flight along . I told my wife that we should just take the next day flight . ` She said it is n't an option for her due to her position with the FDA and the nine days she had already been on holiday . Since we really had no choice in the matter , under duress of the situation , we agreed to the blanket option . ' The family were given trash bags by the airline to put their luggage in . ` It was completely humiliating walking through the airport with our belongings in trash bags as if we were some sort of homeless family , ' added Mr Shirley . ` I felt that we had to explain what happened to every person who stared awkwardly at us . This was the final straw for me . ` We went straight to United customer service who told us they ca n't do anything because it involves bags and we would have to go to baggage claim to speak with a supervisor there . This was on the other side of the airport which meant we had to now lug all this stuff there . No assistance was offered . ' With their luggage still bagged up , Mr Shirley says United Airlines have offered them a $ 150 flight voucher each and some ` mileage points ' A spokesperson for United Airlines told MailOnline Travel : The situation Mr Shirley described is certainly one that we wish no customer experiences , as our cleaners did not fully clean the seat area prior to departure . ` We offered them an alternate flight , but they decided to remain onboard . Our agents did the best they could in the short time they had to accommodate Mr Shirley and keep the flight on time . ` We 're reaching out to apologise for his experience . ' The family were offered a $ 150 flight voucher , or the option to file a claim for the baggage , which they chose to do . Upon returning home , United has offered the each member of the family a $ 150 voucher as well as additional mileage points for Mrs Shirley . However , Mr Shirley said : ` I personally feel it is a slap in the face considering all we had to endure on this two hour flight from hell . ` I do n't know what the lasting effects are going to be of this experience . We have to fly at least two more times later this year for weddings and I 'm beginning to think the train might be an option . ` I felt so uncomfortable the whole time we were flying . All I could think about is what this vomit might have in it and if there was anything we would contact from it . '